The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, ; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller ;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots ; Fraud!




 
As per your request, Joe...  
 President Trump was outstanding.  I couldn't be prouder.  Biden was making faces and was very dishonest about some of hi…
 Winning, winning, winning!
“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!
HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
 I guarantee it was the 1st time millions of Americans learned the “kids in cages” was Obama not Trump because the medi…
Thank you Megyn! 
11 DAYS!  
 Trump won this debate, handily. Biden wasn’t a force at all. Trump was substantive, on-point, well-tempered. Definitely hel…
Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!
Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!

THANK YOU OHIO!  
Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 



 President on his way to a massive  in Circleville, Ohio. Absolutely unbelievable—OHIO is TRUM…
 People ask why the President fights so hard in court for ballot integrity?  Why we have such an extensive Election Day Oper…
 Thank the Lord most High!🙏🏻God bless the peacemakers bless our brave…
Very good reviews on last night’s Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!
Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!
 BREAKING: Boris Johnson says the U.K. will now get ready to split from the EU’s single market and customs union without a new t…
 Biden/Harris will raise your taxes. Fact Check: True.  VP Biden said so last week when he said he would repeal the Trump ta…
Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
 Somebody is mad that didn’t start any wars and wants to leave the ones we are in. Vote Biden/Harris if you w…
 Open the schools! I wonder where the “listen to the science” people will go when the science doesn’t support their fearmonger…
 Great meeting young cancer survivor Reed Elliotte yesterday at the  in Lexington KY. 
 Our Beloved President Donald The Man Of Peace And Prosperity To Great America And The Whole Worl…
 No more blood for oil as long as is President ✔
Thank you! 
 Amen!  Not a lot of people understand what has done!  It is truly amazin…
 In his term, has already brought home thousands of our brave soldiers. He wants the rest home by Christmas a…
Thank you LIBEARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! 
The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
 TONIGHT: Watch President Remarks from Waukesha, Wisconsin at 8:00 pm ET!RSVP: 
 President won the debate!"Why didn't you do that four years ago, I ran because of you because you…
Thank you OHIO!  
What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!
 THIS 👇🏻👇🏻
 Amen to that!
...And a great show by tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
 😐
 Crowd: We love you! We love you!Trump: Thank you! Guy in Crowd: We really do! 😂❤️🇺🇸
Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 
THANK YOU WISCONSIN!


This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the  defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
 Joe Biden ; surrogates are lying. On 2/2/16, Ukrainian prosecutor seizes property of Burisma owner, so he's clearly under i…
As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
WISCONSIN!   
 
 The metadata on the Biden family’s pitch materials to the Chinese Communist Party show that the doc was created on Jim…
 Joe Biden is campaigning with a conspiracy theorist who questioned the legitimacy of the Sandy Hook shooting - the shooting…
 Yes, I can. I lost my brother in the Sandy Hook shooting and it was President who met with me, heard my st…
 With the utmost respect, I thank President for his leadership on the Federal School Safety Report, and for…
 Joe Biden: “We have put together the most extensive VOTER FRAUD organization in the history of American politics.” 

 "The least curious people in the country right now appear to be the credentialed news media, a situation normally unique to ti…
 It's OK. The Post has weathered the vicissitudes of more than two centuries of American history. We will endure this, too…
 👀👀 Joe Biden brags about having “the most extensive and inclusive VOTER FRAUD organization in the history of American pol…
 Murkowski had hoped to preemptively nuke the SCOTUS nomination by playing games early in the process. But once it became clea…
 Here is the Burisma email referenced about 'closing down any cases.'We need to bring the focus back to t…
  ; Barack Obama killed the coal industry and if elected he will come after oil ; gas! is a ch…
 Incredible. The one public appearance Joe Biden does this weekend is a speech in Pennsylvania that immediately turns into…

 Joe Biden said he couldn’t get anything done during his last eight years because he had a Republican Congress
 We don't build walls because we hate the people on the outside. We build walls because we love the people on the inside.
So true! 

 Joe Biden would put 19 million American jobs on the chopping block with his radical energy agenda! 

Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again! 
 I call him Mr President out of respect for the office he holds.
Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!

 🤣🤣🤣 TRUMP 2020 🇺🇸
 Thank you Megyn!

 Yesterday granted Duke Tanner clemency after 16 years in prisonHe was sentenced to LIFE in prison fo…
 President makes it look easy, but you cannot overstate the historic WINS he has achieved on the world stage!…
Our Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!
 
 🚨Help us win BIG in Michigan🚨✅ sign up for our youth deployment✅ GOTV for ; ✅ save America from s…
 Entering Oct:                              ✅Obama ‘12   149.1M✅Hillary ‘16:   165.0M✅Trump ‘20:   251.6MTrump has ra…
The Fake News is talking about CASES, CASES, CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up, by far the most, and best, in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus!
 Donald Trump the most pro-Jewish president
 Did Joe Biden just say we have a good relationship with Hitler at one point?  No we did not, Joe.
 Stahl's ignorance of the spying on is shocking.
 Video of Biden saying he would eliminate fracking
 The corrupt Biden family
If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!
...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars...
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place...
THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages, Florida!  


On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!

Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!
 My new book separates FACT from FICTION in the Covid-19 Epidemic. COVID: The Politics of Fear and the Power of Science is…
 is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!
So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment, Military, Vets, and sooo much more!
Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in particular at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way, Philadelphia is out of control.
Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!
Congratulations to for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!
Amazing! 
 The president nailed Biden over and over again about his 47-year career and failure to accomplish so much of what Biden…
Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!
 President next stop: Maine!Historic partnerships between private sector, state, and federal government…
 President We are giving you a great new Supreme Court Justice on Monday! 
 President In my second term I will pass another historic middle-class TAX CUT! 
 
 President How can Biden make a deal with China when he’s taken money from them for himself? His son walked…
 President The media asks Biden questions about ice cream, they don’t ask me questions like that! 


THANK YOU MAINE! 
Thank you Rabbis! 
Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team ; Steve Biegun ; for getting the deal done!
 Hello North Carolina! The Tar Heel State needs to get out and VOTE for four more years of President
Great people. Vote for Trump! 
Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries, left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again! 
In honor of Maine! 
 In Maine with at an “Off The Record” stop where he was greeted by over 4,000 people.  Where’s Sleepy Jo…
 While past Presidents have relied mostly on top-down policy tools, President has worked hard on job creati…
Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this clip! 
Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and others, please watch. His party, and Joe, will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump! 
 Here you go 
 Senator delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Seco…
 The numbers speak for themselves! Pres. Trump has provided health care SAVINGS to our seniors.AZ—premiums ⬇️22% after ⬆️64% w/ O…
 “We love our senior citizens…You devoted your life to this country and I am devoting my life to you.” 
 President to seniors in  As long as I am President, NO ONE will lay a hand on your Medicare or Soc…
 American seniors will be first in line when a safe and effective Coronavirus vaccine is approved! 
 JUST ANNOUNCED: We have finalized a partnership with and to deliver the Coronavirus vaccine, when app…
 🚨🚨🚨Hunter Biden Offered $10 Million Annually by Chinese Energy Firm for ‘Introductions Alone,’ Email Shows 
 Dozens of Trump supporters were loudly chanting a mix of “Four more years,” “Trump” and “USA” throughout the event, gr…
 Biden is like China stealing intellectual property. He steals every one of Trump's strong talking…
 Comment 
 We will bring forward a number of candidates for you to consider as  begins:   
Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech ; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!
 Thank you to everyone who gave this book a chance. So grateful. This book can really help you win your next conversation. htt…
 KUSI, thank you for having the journalistic integrity to meet me at my office so I could dispel the outrageous conspiracy…
Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! 
Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! 
Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason  He deserves it!!! 
OBAMAGATE!
 
$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in funding for Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely.
“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.”  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!
Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states....
 will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman, he will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Defend Law ; Order, and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Eric Esshaki  will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Trump on Biden’s press lids: “They put a lid... a lid like a garbage can”
Tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!
Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks ; let China in”. Also, Bad arm!
GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!
Heading for Arizona. See you soon!
....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!
  There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. ; team are doing a fantastic job....
Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!
 A career politician and the President of the United States will go head to head for round two in the fight for the Oval Office.…
 NEW: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the Senate will vote to confirm judge Amy Coney Barrett to the SCOTUS…
 NEW: The Senate will vote to confirm Amy Coney Barrett Monday, October 26.
Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election! 
Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment, Virginia! 
WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician, and got caught. At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!
Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security  via Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected, he will do it again. I won’t, never!!!

THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!
Will be interviewed on at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!
 The nerve of Gov. Cuomo trying to capitalize on Covid after he killed 1000’s in the nursing homes?? N…
 Stop Democrats from stealing our votes for President and putting Colorado's water at risk.We’re fifteen days out from…
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Just arriving in Prescott, what a crowd! I love Arizona!! 
 Fauci’s pitch is metaphor for how wrong he has been. ; the bigger metaphor is how loudly t…
 In Maine, Medicare health plan premiums are down 27% under President 
 President We are bringing drug prices way down! 
A perfect strike for the American people! 
 President Trump🛫ARIZONA! 
 
....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!
Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City ; State have sunk to historic lows...
Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area  via
Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘  via
Congressman Darin LaHood  is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our  agenda, he is helping us Drain the Swamp, Deliver for our Farmers, and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Congressman Ken Buck  is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law ; Order, Low Taxes, Border Security, our Military ; Vets, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Senator delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindy's opponent, Mike Espy, is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy!  
...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!
 Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!
....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!
The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted....
Virginia! 
My great honor! 
 TONIGHT: Watch President Remarks from Gastonia, North Carolina at 7:00 pm ET!RSVP: 
Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout, Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them (Part One)  via Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!
Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come. 
Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘  via Would be biggest ever!
Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘  via With the Radical Left. Can’t let this happen. VOTE!
Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades  via
Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via
 🚨 New NRSC ad in  radical left policies would hurt Michiganders. If Peters wins, Michigan loses. 
  is fighting to make sure ALL Americans have the chance to succeed.Black prison rates are the lowest…
An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book! 
Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe, and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!
Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech, Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet  via
  is the fighter we elected in 2016, and when we reelect him for four more years, the best is yet to com…
Thank you Martinsburg, Pennsylvania!   


 For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This…

Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!


We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!

Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!
 More Voter Fraud... 
 Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the…
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!

...Based on decisions being rendered now, this list is more important than ever before (Second Amendment, Right to Life, Religous Liberty, etc.) – VOTE 2020!
Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd.
Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!
 
The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!

 Amen  
 
 An increasingly negative ; unmasked yells to a mostly empty lot, coughs into his bare hand, calls millions of…
Thank you!  
 1) On this question of Joe Biden being somehow exonerated on the China deal, how so? WSJ news story correctly notes that h…
Thank you Allentown, Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   

 Biden: yea if that’s true, put it on your website Trump: Ok.
Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown, Pennsylvania—a must watch! 
 President just finished THREE rallies in  Biden will raise your taxes, ban fracking and…
 Amy Coney Barrett's commitment to the Constitution makes her an outstanding addition to the Supreme Court.Congratulations…

 American energy production is soaring under President his leadership, the United States has become…
Thank you Lititz, Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
  to 𝐽𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑒 Amy Coney Barrett. 🇺🇸 
 President Joe Biden will ban fracking and deliver an economic death sentence to  
 Senate confirms Amy Coney Barrett to Supreme Court, cementing a 6-3 conservative majority with Trump’s third justice ht…

 President If Joe Biden is elected he will delay the vaccine, delay the therapies, prolong the pandemic, cl…







 Joe Biden is saying dark days are ahead. is saying the best is yet to come! 
 The people of N.H. turn out to see  Why hasn’t been to the Granite State yet? 
He didn’t stick around for the primaries, either. He left WAY early 
 The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!
 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will tur…
New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!
 President on the Super V recovery! 
Strongly Trending (Google) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!
 Democrats in Wisconsin had asked the court to allow the counting of ballots that arrive up to six days after Election Day if t…
Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!
I agree! 
 POETIC JUSTICE  was the committee chairman who launched the “high-tech lynching” against then Judge Clarence Thom…
 CLARENCE THOMAS IS A NATIONAL HERO!

 JOE ‘BLOW’ BIDEN: Head of Biden transition team endorses proposal to blow up Supreme Court 
 Justice Amy Coney Barrett is the first conservative woman on the Supreme Court.
 The Senate just confirmed Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court of the United States.One of the most impressive…
Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy.  Heading to oblivion! 
 Joe Rogan's analysis on a Joe Biden presidency:It's like going on a hike in the woods at night with a flashlight that has…
Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!
 BREAKING: Senate confirms Amy Coney Barrett to Supreme Court. Huge win for President Trump. This is Trump's third justi…
ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!

 Shepard Smith crashes and burns
 Congratulations to Amy Coney Barrett, and President Trump who nominated her!
 Outstanding video. Please share everywhere!
 New York Post and Washington Examiner endorse Trump for President
 Biden's radical Green New Deal, co-authored by AOC, will cripple our economy, dramatically raise gas prices, and destroy…
 Levinite Army and fellow patriots.  If you’re able to vote early in person please do so.  There could be long lines on e…
 Joe Biden, liar
 Kamala Harris, liar
 New York Sun’s editorial endorsing Trump re-election is excellent
 Israeli PM Netanyahu praises President Trump for 3 peace deals in 6 weeks!
 Buzz Aldrin endorses Republican Martha McSally for Senate in Arizona. Rejects fellow astronaut and leftist Mark Kelly.h…
 Post-debate poll:  leads  by three points in 
   ahead of  with 52% approval rating
 The Crow Indian Tribe Endorses Trump: ‘Why Change Horses In Midstream?’
 The New York Post endorses President Donald J. Trump for re-election.  
  I spoke with about Section 230 *Subscribe* 
 Yes it is shocking that these media giants that we believed brought the truth and were watchdogs are noth…
 
 Read this biased story and then ask yourself if they treated in the same manner when they used…
 👇👇👇👇 absolutely
The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest (and most exciting) Rallies EVER. Rasmussen, 53% National. 
ColdCaseJoe! 
7 DAYS!!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of care BEFORE they enter the hospital. Because of my action, they will. This may very well be bigger than healthcare itself. Congratulations America!
 Everything we’re doing right now is time-sensitive. Just left lunch with ; We’re working as a…
 LAW ; ORDER!!!
 Fred Trump sold property to the Beach Haven Jewish Community for just $10. He made it his priority to construct a synagog…
 😂😂😂😂😂
Thank you Harry! 
 FUN FACT FOR PATRIOTS: Presidents Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died on the same day -- July 4, 1826 --and within five h…
Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
Sleepy Eyes fails again! 
HAPPY EASTER!
Let New York’s Finest finally do their job! 
 He’s been very consistent in targeting the Jewish Community! Anyone know why?
Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to, or respected, in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi! 
Much more “disinformation” coming out of CNN, MSDNC, and by far, than coming out of any foreign country, even combined. Fake News is the Enemy of the People!
WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!
Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York ; USA. She has my Full ; Complete Endorsement! VOTE 

NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!
So great for the World! 
 Law ; Disorder in DeBlasios NYC. He will describe this as PEACEFUL PROTESTORS throwing objects at Trump supporters on Prospect…
 WATCH: After Joe Biden's brain freezes, MSNBC anchor has to feed him a line 
Great story. Thank you to Mr. Young of Jonesboro, Arkansas! 
 Another tape that will be blamed on the Russians...Max Rose does not work for his constituents he works for Max Rose. Vote him…
Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100%. Get that great Officer back to work! 
 
 "My Administration will always stand against violence, mayhem, and disorder.We will stand with the family of George Floyd…
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 Statement from fame Lt. Tony Bobulinski - a business associate of Hunter Biden - obtained by  
 Nicole Malliotakis supports law enforcement she is an honest hard working elected official, who truly cares about the people s…
To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE! 
 Nearly 4 years ago President told America and the world: “We stand at the birth of a new millennium, ready…
New York. Vote for Trump. What (the Hell!) do you have to lose? 
 Today is the culmination of three and a half years of renewed leadership in space. It’s a tribute to the courage of our ast…
Great book! 

 President The 20 most dangerous American cities are Democrat run 
A giant SCAM, and the Dems know it! 
 The people of NYS need a change from the elected officials who have done nothing but destroy NYS State. VOTE for someone who t…
 Georgia’s 6th District is flippable. This one’s for you, Cobb, Fulton, ; Dekalb Counties. 
Crazy Bernie Sanders is not a fighter. He gives up too easy! The Dem establishment gets Alfred E. Newman (Mayor Pete) ; to quit ; endorse Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday, ; gets Pocahontas to stay in the race, taking thousands of votes from Bernie. He would have....
When are the thugs, looters, and anarchists moving out of the so-called “Autonomous Zone” in Seattle? Get going!
Vote! 
 “The mission of  is to save lives, solve crimes, ; take violent offenders off our streets before they ca…
 Our president is working valiantly to face some thing unprecedented and he’s met with the ignorance seen in this video.…
 Keep it up We've got a long way to go with these so-called "peaceful protesters"
 Cuomo mismanaged New York's coronavirus response. Tens of thousands in nursing homes unnecessarily died, and his arroga…
 LIVE: President gives an update on Coronavirus Testing Strategy 
Vote! 
 This is an impressive report on the Department’s work over the last four years to combat MS-13. Worth a read!
 This is admin will never stop fighting for the health ; safety of the American people. This is another big step in defeating th…
 Antifa has been engaging in terrorism and seditious conspiracy for years. But FBI and DOJ were too busy to care much, their…
Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!
 This isn’t going to stop until the good guys are willing to use overwhelming force against the bad guys
Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats don’t want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons, not for health reasons! They think it will help them in November. Wrong, the people get it!
Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%.

 New digital ad up in battleground states today highlighting strong leadership combating the coronavirus…
LAW ; ORDER!
Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”.
3% up in Pennsylvania!
 
Thank you very much to the great for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”
Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was.  Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the World’s, from China!
Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!
The biggest difference between now and 2016 is They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate ; SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!
 “[Trump is] what America needs right now, decisive action to get us back to pre-pandemic strength — not an unfeasible spending…
Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor! 
 Boston Herald endorses President The choice could not be more clear. 
 The Boston Herald endorses Trump for re-election 
 The Boston Herald on why Trump deserves a second term.   Editorial: The Herald endorses Trump 
 BREAKING REPO: Boston Herald ENDORSES President Trump...
 I JUST VOTED for a man named and I think you should too.. 
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!  



Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! 
 🚨 🚨 HUGE WIN for voting rights in MICHIGAN for President the GOP ; all Americans.Ballot harvesting is I…
GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to  to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
 One person on an email thread allegedly involving Hunter Biden corroborates the veracity of the messages, which appear to outl…
Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks! 
 The same media that set their hair on fire every time a bogus Russia story came out is now ignoring evidence that the B…
They (his handlers) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog”. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!
 Joe is losing his cool. Sounds like the NY Post is right over the target.
100% True! 
Great! 
Biden is a National Security threat! 
 Firefighters and Law Enforcement for Trump! 🇺🇸💙🇺🇸💙    
 White Liberals on twitter:   nope 
SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?
....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?
Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, ; Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to....
...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, he’s just a wonderful guy!
The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican....
Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘  via



 🚨HAPPENING NOW‼️10/16/20–Macon, GA! MAGA🇺🇸🦅🌐 
Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly, see you soon! 
THANK YOU MACON, GEORGIA!
THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!
Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!
 "My heart breaks for every grieving family that has lost a precious loved one," President said."Together…
 President is working hard every day to give America's 54 million seniors the care, support, and respect th…
 President is in Fort Myers, Florida, with American seniors! "I will protect you, I will defend you, and…
Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!

 Today, President is in Florida to talk with seniors about his plan to keep healthcare affordable, protect…
 The Trump Administration stands with Florida small businesses, who have received $32.2 BILLION in loans to keep the…
Now is playing Obama’s no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes.
There is a nasty rumor out there that of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!
Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!
Steve Scully of had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!
  will make an excellent justice that will serve our country and Constitution well, and I look forward to seei…
 Democrats seem to think all justices are politicians, and so they want a politician that’ll vote for their cases instead of a…
Great! 
  Southern Dallas County Minority engagement at the Polls educating voters on realities of Democratic Party…
 Report any irregularities to the Republican Party of Texas Voter Helpline: 855-433-1663    
 Twitter censors But not the Ayatollah or the Chinese Communist Party?
 President arrives in Greenville, North Carolina! “It’s great to be back in NC with thousands of loyal, h…
Thank you! 
Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News  via Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe ; Big T
In Lufkin, Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs, so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it, thank you!  


 MASSIVE line for Ivanka’s event in Sarasota!!!!!! 
Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!
3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!

Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee! 
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!


This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream! 
Last night, we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights, our liberties, and our God-Given FREEDOM! 

This Election Day, you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!!  

  
  
  
 
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!  
Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign, thank you! See everyone soon!!  
THANK YOU WISCONSIN!
WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
 President is in Yuma, Arizona to proudly accept the endorsement of the National Border Patrol Council! 


Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. 
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins, China will OWN the USA. When we win, YOU win, Wisconsin wins, and AMERICA wins! 
  Sen. Cruz: Rioting cannot be tolerated, this is 'terrorist assault' on America 
Thank you Ted. They got caught cold, but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again - Spied on. Makes Watergate look like small potatoes! OBAMAGATE! 

Thank you WISCONSIN, get out and VOTE! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
On my way to Nebraska, after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!  


THANK YOU NEBRASKA! 
THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors ; co-workers ; GET OUT AND VOTE! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 11/3 we must finish the job ; Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
 Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands…
 
 

We are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!

I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about...
WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underway—let’s  
“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.”
To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!
As a developer long ago, and continuing to this day, the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?
 Congratulations to all involved. Trump made a great pick. McConnell played it shrewdly, as usual. Senate Republicans didn’t…
Thank you Charles. She will be a great one! 
Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, ; many tests of young people.
Incredible evening, incredible people. Love Nebraska, and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!! 
 Rally crowd for in Omaha, Nebraska. 
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!  
It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isn’t allowing a word to be said about it.
 ONE WEEK TO ELECTION: Calls grow louder to get special prosecutor to investigate Hunter Biden business deals 

The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!
Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!
Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!
THANK YOU ARIZONA!  
Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media, the Big Tech giants, and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to  


Thank you  
....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!

Sleepy Joe thought this was OK. Not me! 
Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous”, but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s Now works for Fake News They should fire, shame, and punish everybody....
 Primary threat from  in  is storm surge outside the levee system. Could also see heavy rain, wind ; tornadoes if…
 “We are determined to protect our African American, Hispanic American, and minority workers who have been hit so hard by…
Thank you Goodyear, Arizona! Get out and VOTE — Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
 Can’t wait to watch!
 "As President, I am absolutely determined to deliver a great future for Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed…

I am proud to announce $2 million for the in NYC! This special site ensures that the memory of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, as well as those lost in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993, will never be forgotten!
We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
Great to be with our wonderful Men and Women of the What a job they are doing! 
The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But  gets it!
 Did anyone else just get chills? We. Are. Back. 🚀🇺🇸
 In the wake of last night's demonstrations, there are numerous instances of vandalism to sites around the National Mal…

If you vote for Biden, your kids will not be in school, there will be no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, and no Fourth of July! 
 "Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that."- Martin L…
 Yesterday, the Senate passed the  Flexibility Act of 2020. Here’s what you need to know:- The loan forgiveness per…
 Or course! They don’t want Biden to have to speak or debate or campaign.
 Right now, we can’t hear the peaceful protesters’ voices over the sounds of shattering glass and splintering woods. Vio…

USA! 
A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history, crushing regulations, slashing Medicare and Social Security, and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders, offshoring jobs, shredding the Second Amendment...
 One thing we have found out from declassified informationis that the FBI was ready to close the file on General Flynn o…
 Biden Is ‘A Trojan Horse For A Radical Agenda,’ Mike Pence Warns  
 Thank you to all of our incredible friends at the U.S. Nationals in Indianapolis! We love and appreciate you —
 In America -Police are defunded -Communities are less safe -Taxes go up - Opportunity zones will stop -…
Congressman is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Ohio! He is Tough on Crime, our Border, Second Amendment, and helps us Combat Illegal Drugs! David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend”, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230
 Thanks,
 Talking with on about the recently declassified list of Obama-era officials who were behind the unm…
 Gracias 🇺🇸!

 Extortion, Bribery and Sex Trafficking: The Truth about Hunter Biden 
 More help is on the way for small businesses in  ; across the nation: The Senate passed changes to improve the histo…
 You can still apply until August 28, 2020. Contact your local Farm Service Agency to see if you qualify.
 


 Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police. He may use different words, but when you look at his pact with Crazy Ber…
Jack, this is a Great Honor. Thank you! 
 ... across the United States, effectively bankrupting and destroying them. Joe Biden is an empty vessel, which the extreme…
 "The riots were never a popular uprising; rather, they were always the work of elite Democrats: That is, state and local Democ…

 As user, it’s exciting see them opening a new R+D office in Pittsburgh, adding several hundred jobs. I have no doub…
 Joe Biden is on a mission to eliminate as many American jobs as possible. No wonder union workers in Pennsylvania tell the Washi…
 I'm pleased AR farmers and ranchers are getting assistance as a result of the Coronavirus Food Assistance Program:8,223…
Just spoke to my friend, President Joko Widodo of the Republic of Indonesia. Asking for Ventilators, which we will provide. Great cooperation between us!
Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent, is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete ; Total Endorsement! 
Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state ; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 
 Caring for a loved one with Alzheimer's is difficult even in the best of times. If you or someone you know is suffering from…
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 My new commercial is out! Vote LUNA early on your absentee ballot or in-person November 3rd! 

Thank you for the good reviews and comments on my interview with Chris Wallace of We may have set a record for doing such an interview in the heat. It was 100 degrees, making things very interesting!
 The PPP has already provided more than 98,000 loans in Colorado and these modifications will increase flexibility to he…


 TODAY at 9:40 am46th Telephone Town HallTopic:  Live:  
 Yesterday the Senate passed a version of my PPP Flexibility Act to extend the  loan period ;…
 🇺🇸 


 YES! Watch...   
Jorge, your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! 
 NY Post just dropped another BOMBSHELL regarding the  SEARCH STRING:"Emails reveal how Hunter Bi…
SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?
 2-Trump's actions and talk of ending Afghan war and drawing down troops in Germany have not made him popular among the…
 3-He is also under attack by pharmaceutical industry for his landmark executive order that says US pharma companies ha…
 omg, Trump is halting all government critical race theory training!This is amazing. 
 America is better for having you as 
 The Biden campaign can't decide between Kamala Harris and Susan Rice for his Vice President. When those are your choices,…
  is responsible for thousands and thousands of nursing home deaths. An estimated one million people have m…
Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!

 The president should use the Insurrection Act to deploy active-duty military forces to these cities to support local law…
THESE NUMBERS ARE INCREDIBLE!
Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!
 
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 
 So proud! I cannot wait to watch Harris on Sunday! Way to go! 

 IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that! 
 President My Administration has ZERO outstanding requests for equipment from the states 
 Watch: YouTube has become “a key battleground for the Trump campaign” — The Hill’s media reporter tells Fox 

This is an AMAZING JOBS REPO! Edward Lawrence

Thank you to Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book”, just announced on that he is voting for your favorite President, me. “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag, I see Trump support.”
 "As one family, we mourn every precious life that's been lost. I pledge in their honor that we will develop a vaccine, and…
 President Trump says the press “should be ashamed of themselves” for ignoring Hunter Biden allegedly using his father’s offic…
 President "We're asking everybody that when you are not able to socially distance, wear a mask." 
Really Big Jobs Report. Great going President Trump (kidding but true)!

GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd.

 Question of the day for Joe Biden Since you’ll be speaking with Virginia Democrats today, do you think Gov. Ralph Northa…
 Video: Yes, Biden will ban fracking.He admits it on camera 
 President Trump says the questions that the media ask to Joe Biden "were meant for a child." 
 They think people won’t check the makeup of the polls.When you start with only 24% of respondents being Republican, what…
 Jupiter Florida!!! 
THANK YOU!  
 Fox’s on Atlantic’s story: “Don’t you find it the least bit questionable that the Biden campaign - perhaps the s…
 I'm proud Congress could come together to make necessary fixes to the  These changes will pro…
 "American astronauts on American rockets from American soil, showing you what Americans can do when we come together as a team."…
 Debuting next month: "The Plot Against the President"Watch the trailer ...
Winners All! 
Thank you Mark!  
  has a must-share column in the WSJ today on Joe Biden’s radical left climate plan. Read it so you finally…
If the Wall Street Journal “Editorial” writers had called, as they should have, they would have easily found that I was “NOT happy with the Georgia Governor on Tuesday night.” You said the opposite, and got it wrong as you often do!
 Important to note that Miles Taylor was not DHS chief of staff on September 5, 2018, when he published 'Anonymous' op-ed in…
 LIVE: POTUS participates in a roundtable 
Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country, France or otherwise can long put up with it!
 Ouch! Three Astronauts Endorse AZ's GOP Senator Over Her Astronaut Senate Challenger  
 A reminder that those who pander and bow to the mob will still be threatened and humiliated by it⬇️
....He also worked at, of all places, They all have big liability!!!
So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!), was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed lied to ; got a job there....
Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!
A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!
Thank you to Joe Scarborough  for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great! 
THANK YOU TAMPA, FLORIDA!

I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now, we are going to win FLORIDA, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
Your VOTE on Tuesday, November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists, Socialists, Rioters, Flag-Burners, and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE!  



This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President, America will NEVER be a socialist Country! 
For half a century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins, China Wins. When We Win, Florida Wins—and America Wins! 
If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to Monday, due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe, see you on Monday!!!
 Just had a great meeting with besides what he’s done so far with criminal reform, the platinum plan…
Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!
My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota, Michigan ; Pennsylvania—burdening schools ; hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror.
The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went
 "You eliminate police officers, you will have chaos, crime, and anarchy in the streets." 
 The Paycheck Protection Program has helped save nearly 5 million small businesses and 51 million jobs, making it one of the…
The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Quarter, the best number by far in our Country’s history!
“Defunding Police would be good for Robbers ; Rapists.”
 
BIG DEMAND! Starting up again soon, maybe next week! 
 Texas has a decline in new cases as well, and it’s hospital ICUs are at 87% of capacity.  Like Florida, things look better.  O…
 I’m proud of the work we accomplished in the FY2021  on behalf of our servicemembers, including securing the second…
New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!
They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT ; VOTE! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!
 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!

Obama is lucky he ran against a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!
 The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful, sweet and innocent people…
 ....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would…
 So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending”, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They…
Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!
Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!
The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW ; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”.

Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!
 President is working to ensure that AMERICA produces the critical goods necessary to combat COVID-19 here…
Yvette Herrell  is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  

Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents  via We were planning for as many as 25,000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor, at the last moment, will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar = WIN!
 STU: "Are you ready for the extraordinary turmoil that a Joe  win would bring on?"    h…
 On Wednesday, major big  leaders are meeting with Congress to discuss potential  We asked - wha…
If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city, town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will SAVE AMERICA! 
Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump  via
 I’m with you all the way, thank you!
 "Look at the difference between Biden ; Pres Trump. Who is the person that moved the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem? Wh…

Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term  via
Just landed in the Great State of Texas! 
WOW! Do you believe this!? 
Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘  via Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!
Way ahead in Texas!
Watch the Great Red Wave!
 New Jersey postal employee accused of dumping 1,800 pieces of mail. The mail included 99 ballots for the upcoming election.…
 Nearly 50,000 voters received wrong ballots in Ohio!Does you feel safe mailing in your ballot?READ MORE: 
  mayoral candidate arrested for voter fraud, allegedly applied for 84 ballots  
In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
With the exception of New York ; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (; me) look as bad as possible!
 
Oklahoma, we need in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers ; Students, and she will always protect your  ; Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil ; Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  

 FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!

 The Franklin County Board of Elections announced that 49,669 voters in the county received an incorrect ballot. In a sta…
 President We achieved record-low unemployment for African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans a…
 President We passed the largest tax cut in the history of our country 
 President from his Pennsylvania tele-rally: Getting rid of fracking, like what Joe Biden and the radical De…
 LIVE: President delivers remarks at a peaceful protest for law ; order 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!

 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 "Let me begin by sending America's deepest sympathies to the people of Lebanon." 
 Reopening America: President says ‘we’re not shutting down’ our country and economy again.  
Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at:  
There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!
I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Don’t let this happen!
 We continue to monitor Tropical Storm Isaias closely. 
 "Thanks to our major advances in treatment, we've seen vast improvements in recovery rates across all age groups . . .The…
 Record Setting Enthusiasm: President says he thinks he has more support than ever.   
 Reopening Our Schools: says schools will begin to open rapidly and safely despite some Dem leaders trying to…
 “We are going to go to the moon, we are going to have a base on the moon, we are going to send people to mars and make…
 Starship takes flight 
If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President, the 4 Justices (plus1) that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COU, but probably a REVOLVING COU as well. At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left!
 "As we shelter those at high risk, we are also pouring every resource at our disposal into the development of therapies and…

For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
NASA was Closed ; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!
The now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages.
Rigged? 
33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!
SUPREME COU!
SECOND AMENDMENT!
I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!
This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd. 



Great Red Wave! 
 We have put in place the largest ground game in history:*3,000 staff*2.5M+ volunteers*160M+ door knocks ; phone ca…
 “So when you consider your vote this year, remember this: in this election, people of faith have no greater champion than Presiden…
 Only 4️⃣ days until ELECTION DAY!  
Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd. 
Such a Great Honor! Thank you, Brett! 
 “When I promised to stand for the forgotten men and women of this country—whether they live in Chicago or Charlotte, Detroit or Du…
 “But no one believes Biden will stand up to the Left’s power grab, given his unwillingness to condemn efforts to pack the Supreme…
 America is roaring back! To continue progress like this, we NEED  of  h…
 Nothing Lil about the biggest grassroots operation in presidential history! Twenty Mille voter contacts the final five days!…
 Pres. Trump made progress in the Middle East where no POTUS could!CNN’s Oren Liebermann: The Israel ; Sudan deal is a “significa…
  is committed to fighting for the Hispanic Community. His policies help small businesses grow, household income…
 “We are a country of hope, not a country of fear or weakness.” 
 First Lady Melania Trump: “We are a country of hope, not a country of fear or weakness.” 
 Thank you for hosting another impressive visit to your base yesterday! and I are grateful to…
 The media’s silence and lack of reporting about Biden’s pay-for-play scheme with China is ridiculous. 
Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner! 
On my way to MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, and MINNESOTA! 
THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 

Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!
Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry — no fracking, no energy, and high gas prices. While I am President, America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! 

...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST! 
Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on
...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China...
This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America, we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more ; more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists, while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins, China Wins. When we win, Michigan wins, and AMERICA wins! 
We did not come this far, and fight this hard, only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors ; GET OUT ; VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below. 
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!   
THANK YOU WISCONSIN!

This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to  

One of the most important issues is LAW ; ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters ; looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins, the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city, no family, and no community will be safe. VOTE  
The Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!
This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression, and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!  
I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream, and the party of Abraham Lincoln!  
Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home, and a prisoner in your own Country. Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
THANK YOU MINNESOTA!
President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, “you don’t have to do this Joe”, and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”.

Your far-left Dem Attorney General, and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of Minnesota, and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY, I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota! 

...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!
Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans, allowing for unlimited migration from war zones, and terrorist havens...
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists, China, big pharma ; foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power ; he will use that power to hurt you ; enrich his cronies! 
There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd!  


MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar.”  And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!
Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!
Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare ; Social Security. Biden was...
“President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump supporter.
I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing never likes reporting that!
Joe Biden will PACK THE COU. Also, he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be!
Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!
Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!
 They're not trying to hide anything. They operate in the open knowing nobody will do a single thing about it…
  
Congressman  is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress, Dan fights to Create Jobs, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Vote for Her opponent, Joe Cunningham, is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left!  
Jim O’Neill  will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law ; Order, the Constitution, and the Second Amendment, Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
THANK YOU!  
Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!), than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!
Last night, our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!
Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!
Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!  
Thank you Newtown, Pennsylvania!  
I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by ; watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal ; treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers! 
Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1% increase, and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!  
Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING ; send PA into a nightmare of poverty ; depression. Gas prices would explode ; family incomes would plummet—I will always defend ; promote PA energy! 
Biden ; Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!
Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!
NOH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign ; send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you!
3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes ; regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, ; eliminate private healthcare!
....living in the state, no matter who they are or how they got there, will get one. That will be followed up with professionals telling all of these people, many of whom have never even thought of voting before, how, and for whom, to vote. This will be a Rigged Election. No way!
There is NO WAY (ZERO!) that Mail-In Ballots will be anything less than substantially fraudulent. Mail boxes will be robbed, ballots will be forged ; even illegally printed out ; fraudulently signed. The Governor of California is sending Ballots to millions of people, anyone.....
 There is a group of people (largely Radical Left Democrats) that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also, a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now, before it is too late.
The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK.
Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters”, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness! 
But Chris, you don’t see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 
....These THUGS are dishonoring the memory of George Floyd, and I won’t let that happen. Just spoke to Governor Tim Walz and told him that the Military is with him all the way. Any difficulty and we will assume control but, when the looting starts, the shooting starts. Thank you!
There will never be an “Autonomous Zone” in Washington, D.C., as long as I’m your President. If they try they will be met with serious force!
....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast ; tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!
.....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote ; the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives....
So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!
Crazy! 
Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!
Ari, THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT, JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at what’s happening with Fake, Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country???  VOTE 
A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!




We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East! 
Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.  
We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!    
Thank you to the wonderful for the nice words on Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!
Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!
Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!
For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!  
Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World ; end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!
I LOVE TEXAS! 
Thank you for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty.  get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty! 
Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania! 
Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement!  
Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy ; fracking industry. If Biden ; Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!  
Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice!  

 We’re baaaaaaack  
 Trump now ahead in Arizona in the RCP index of polls. 2 weeks ago, Biden was leading by an avg of 4. If Trump takes FL, NC…
 Democrats uneasy about higher Republican turnout in important Florida county - CNNPolitics 
Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘  via Thank you!
Go Joe!!! 
Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!! 
 Let's get Maxine Waters out of office!Go vote Joe Collins early before election day. We can win this. 
 💯💯
 Maxine Waters is scared that we are going to take back this district. Can you donate $10 right now? We need your help t…
 GET OUT AND VOTE EARLY! Avoid the lines on Election Day. Let’s beat Maxine Waters and take back our district.


  Put them back NOW! 
 “My administration has delivered safety, prosperity and opportunity for all Americans by keeping our promises and implementing an…
 “A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania.”  
 "If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your great family, and freedom to live your life then I am asking you t…
 The GREAT joined on stage tonight in Butler, PA! 
 “Last night, our brave Special Forces rescued an American hostage.”  
We need Esther Joy King  in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our  agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me, she will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Deliver for our Farmers, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Scott Franklin  will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran, he will help us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Lisa McClain  will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy ; Jobs, Border Security, Infrastructure, our Military ; Vets, and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman, she is Strong on the Economy, Infrastructure, Law ; Order, and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher, he is Strong on Jobs ; the Economy, Trade, Law ; Order, our Military ; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Big Jim Justice  is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman, he Creates Jobs, Stands with Life, Defends the Second Amendment, and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL, he will stand for Law ; Order, Jobs, the Wall, and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Support our Brave Law Enforcement, Build the Wall, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Steve Negron  will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
We need Genevieve Collins  in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs ; the Economy, National Security and Education, and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!
Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!
...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!
When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, ; now many plants are and have been built...
Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”.
Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!
....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded ; respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!
The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was....
 
WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
 
Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources.
Being restored immediately. stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you! 
Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania  via  Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania!
GOP Rep. Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘  via
WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning U.S. Flag  via These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them.
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch! 
I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU! 
Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has! 
Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going!  


 Hispanics rally to Pres Trump.Huge new poll from ABC News for FL.Let’s go! 
Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP
Chris Wallace of by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!
Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon.
Thank you Iowa!
Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!
Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!
 LIVE: Call to PrayerText VOTE to 88022 



For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself ; his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU.
Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! 
Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!

People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment! 
Thank you North Carolina! 
Sheriff Troy Nehls  will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Supports Law ; Order, the Wall, our Military ; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI ; Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people! 



Thank you Georgia! 
 will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy ; Jobs, Low Taxes, the Military, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Antifa is a threat to liberty. 

Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!

Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!
Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!
Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Florida!  
Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%!  

For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community! 

If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below!  
...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE 
Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices...
As long as I’m in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
Good Morning! Let’s   
This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at! 
 I doubt we will ever see another political figure in American life who turns out these crowds.  Hard to see how this doe…
 Allegheny County councilman in Pennsylvania: 'I'm an elected official. I have had at least a dozen Democratic elected offici…
West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 Senator is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Ou…
  will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build…
 David Young  is a champion for Iowa! He helped us pass the Trump Tax Cuts and he will always fight for…
On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while! 
 Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks  will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will D…
 Ashley Hinson  will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, V…
 Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator A combat Veteran, her service to Iowa and our…
Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!
Texas, Pennsylvania: Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!
Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!
“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”
I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!
THANK YOU NOH CAROLINA!
Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries ; decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists...

Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!


...our noble history, heritage ; heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, ; left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPO JOE BIDEN!
...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs ; crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, ; demeaned your sacred faith ; values; The Anti-American radicals defaming...
We have more Cases because we have more Testing!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?
Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!).
The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp ; we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!
Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding!  
Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!
Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!
I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!

Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE  
...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!
Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you!  
Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century...
If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!  
...no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow! 
Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and...
With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty ; ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country! 
For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!!  
As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!
 I am voting for for president this year. Here’s why: 
My  is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community! 
¡Mi  es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera, proveer oportunidades de educación para todos, preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe, la familia y la comunidad! 
Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!
Join me tomorrow tonight (Wednesday) in Iowa, at the Des Moines International Airport! 
Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown, Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport!  
 Virginia’s voter registration system reportedly having problems on the last day to register to vote, with early voting in full…
This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election??? 
STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!
“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”.   Not on my watch!
Actually, Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. “No problem, no masks”. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2,000,000 USA lives!!! 
We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!!
GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!
California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers, get started!!!  California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also, New York and Illinois - go for it!
Congratulations Dan. You, Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. It’s gone the way of the ratings down 70%. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out, suffered a massive “nervous breakdown”. Happening also??? 
  Biden disrespects voters with court-packing dodge. Exclusive: talks to Trump supporters in FL.…
 It’s Tuesday, October 13th 2020, and Barack Obama was the most corrupt President in US history.
 
Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning! 
Thank you, so nice! 
 Today's the day. 
 Only 100 years ago, women in this country were given the right to vote. And today, we began considering adding another wo…
Always safe Katie! 
 With just weeks to go until election day, Judge Amy Coney Barrett made her case for serving on our nation’s highest cour…
 What a pleasure to interview Jon Ponder!
Matt is great. Strong on Military, Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!! 
 Dems keep claiming this doesn't happen.
 My POTUS ❤️ 
Wow. Our future V.P. So cool! 
 “The white race is a superior race, and the Negro race is an inferior race,” said Democrat Senator James Eastland.Joe B…
 Sen Ron Johnson just released his report on Biden’s corruption with China, Ukraine, and Russia. Fox doesn’t report about i…
 California Mandates All Food Must Be Consumed Through IV To Ensure Masks Are Never Removed 
 This may be a severe shock to Democrats if Express's poll is a harbinger of how the election will really go. We know left…
 This is the most devastatingly powerful ad against a political opponent that I've ever seen, and it's a TRUE MUST WATCH.  Rep…
 Who is worse? Chris Wallace or Donna Brazile?
No thanks! 
 The Commission on Presidential Debates is supposedly bipartisan w/ an equal number of Rs and Ds. I know all of the Republi…
 If a contractor took 47 years to build your construction project and it was still in need of repair, would you give them f…
Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe, but never admitted this rather major fact! 
Thank you!!! 
 POLL: Which President (out of the four options) is the BEST?
 Joe Biden said voters “don’t deserve” to know if he’ll pack the courts. Joe Biden doesn’t deserve to be President!
 When President Trump was elected, America was in big trouble, our economy was stagnant and our military was depleted.If…
Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing”. 
 The only way to prove the polls are fake, is to turn out and vote on Election Day like never before!!
 
 Are you worried about voter fraud/integrity in the upcoming election?What do you think is the biggest threat to it?
 Another lie by .  Thank God, I am a lawyer.  Constitution allows the nomination and approval of 
 Please listen to my Podcast: "Your Vote is At Risk"   
 BIDEN BLUFFS: Members of black Delaware church don’t recall Biden being ‘raised’ there 
 Interesting comments and perspective from Leo Terrell. Almost 100 percent of everyone I know in New Jersey is equally con…
 Sir, I am Black.  I am a Proud American. I love America. I am voting for . 
 Looks like and  are  Fans. Where is the police Democratic Mayor?
 I kept my word WATCH: Longtime Democrat Leo Terrell Keeps His Word ; Officially Casts His Vote For Pres…
 I am more qualified to become Vice-President than .  She has no morals and will sell her soul for power…
 Drop this nonsense  and support Stop playing head games and seeking attention. This election is r…
 Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake Ne…
 So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t wa…
 I hear leftists saying they are worried about a peaceful transition of power if Trump loses...This coming from the peopl…
 Every time you hear a Biden commercial telling you all of his 'great' ideas, ask yourself...Why didn't he do it during h…
 God Bless You, Mr. President!!I will always stand for TRUTH and I will always stand with YOU!
Thank you! 
He must create a list, like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voter’s entitled to know!!!! 
Mitt can’t be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the U.S. Senate (again) and totally forgot where he was (wrong State!). Joe has never been a nice or kind guy, so it’s easier to find this obvious ; rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA! 
 There Joe goes again
....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!
I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, ; if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!
Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd, lot of enthusiasm (you win races with enthusiasm). Just got back. Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!
WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus  via

Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades  via VOTE TRUMP!
READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close  via They know it is over for them. Law ; Order will prevail, strong version!
FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to   
I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now, he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...
Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters “don’t deserve” to know. If they win, Dems will pack the  w/ radical left justices who will shred the  empower violent mobs, and shield deadly criminals ; terrorists. 
Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years, Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your support, and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before! 
Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: and others!!!
 allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!
Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!
The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!
Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!
Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, he’s just Sleepy Joe!
He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!! 
Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake  via He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!
 
Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!
Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70%, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game  via Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!
Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has, always will! 
307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster.
Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE
So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!
Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  
 President action on critical minerals builds on his commitment to reduce our reliance on foreign imports…
 Trump poll watcher kicked out of election office in Philly.The office just so happens to be run by the Center for Tech an…
 CBS NEWS: Facebook removes 216 Trump ads about Biden, coronavirus and refugees
 The next presidential debate moderator is a Never TRUMPER. In his own words.  Can he be impartial?  I think not.
 It’s obvious that the media’s plan is to bury us all in an avalanche of lies and lunatic conspiracy theories in the hopes t…
 In this interview Chris Wallace claimed the President was the first to interrupt. That is definitively false, just like his…
  is 100% correct about the debate. Here's a video of the first three interruptions, and they're all Biden…
 Since  is trending on here’s my story and why I think he’s the worst governor the state of New York ha…
I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
Blake Moore  will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs ; the Economy, Healthcare, our Military ; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks  will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 🇺🇸 We've seen the greatest mobilization of industry since World War IIPresident is…
....very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources, very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that, the media would be trusted again, and Fake News would largely be a thing if the past!
 DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
 DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
 WATCH: Republican National Convention - Night 4: Land of Greatness  

Thank you! 

Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info, Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘  via
I am not just running against Biden, I am running against the Corrupt Media, the Big Tech Giants, and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd!   

Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly.
Great interview Eric! 

Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl  with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea! 

Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans.
Paul Junge  will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration, and he will help us Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Jim Marchant  will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent, Jim is Strong on Jobs, Law Enforcement, our Military ; Vets, and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler, he will fight for Lower Taxes, Better Education and More Jobs, and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Congresswoman is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies! Strong on our Second Amendment, Vets, Military and New York Law Enforcement, Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Congressman is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via
See you soon North Carolina!  
....Should take care of our people. It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China!
 Another terrific Trump foreign policy accomplishment
For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video (Joe Biden’s own words) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies! 
 Everyone go vote early in person.  

Happy National Vietnam War Veterans Day to all of our Vietnam era Veterans. You have earned our gratitude and thanks by your actions years ago and what you have done since returning home. The Nation thanks you and your families for your service and sacrifice. We love you! 
...Unlike her Radical Liberal opponent, Theresa Greenfield, and Theresa’s failed record in real estate, Joni stands for Iowa. Vote for Joni Ernst on November 3rd, a big day for us all!  
Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator A combat Veteran, her service to Iowa and our Country is remarkable! Joni is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your  at all times...
Progress being made! 
 DEMOCRATS DIDN'T EXPECT THIS - Washington Post Poll: Hispanics Are the Strongest Opponents of Immigration 
 The economy is going to do so well this Summer and make Trump look so good that Democrats will accuse HIM of hyping COVID-…
If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before! 
Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!

Play College Football!
10:00 A.M. 
 Facts:Federal tax dollars will no longer go to sanctuary states or cities that harbor criminal illegal aliensIf a pr…

 Mr. President,I am an Iranian ; I want to thank you for your maximum pressure policy ; specifically tar…
 "The press has dropped, in my view - and I'm talking about the national mainstream media - has dropped any pretense of pro…
 So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for th…
Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment! 

LAW ; ORDER!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!

 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 LIVE: POTUS delivers remarks on National Day of Prayer 
 Despite the challenges ahead of us, we are still the greatest. I'm very optimistic we will find a path forward. 
Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years! 
 Who are the 4%? A RINO or two!
 Sleepy Joe cannot bring us to greatness. He is the reason I’m here!
 Watch this video to learn how you can help prevent the spread of respiratory diseases like the novel  ( T…

The ramp that I descended after my West Point Commencement speech was very long ; steep, had no handrail and, most importantly, was very slippery. The last thing I was going to do is “fall” for the Fake News to have fun with. Final ten feet I ran down to level ground. Momentum!
 Here are some simple steps that every American and community can take to help decrease the spread of the  at work,…
 “Texas has been phenomenal,” Trump said.We appreciate the President and his team being available 24/7 to help Texas fi…
  has taken additional actions to ensure  hospital emergency departments continue to implement…
 VP had a GREAT night! 
 A red wave is coming on November 3rd!
But people don’t want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!! 
 My name is Angela Stanton King. I’m a proud Black woman who supports I’m done with the Democrat…
DIY COP JAMES COMEY GOT CAUGHT!
 Chicago had a 139% increase in murders in July2020 ; 1052019 ; 44Barack Obama, Joe Biden, and every single N…
I am a great friend and admirer of the Queen ; the United Kingdom. It was reported that Harry and Meghan, who left the Kingdom, would reside permanently in Canada. Now they have left Canada for the U.S. however, the U.S. will not pay for their security protection. They must pay!
Some things never get old! 
Senator of IOWA has a new book, “Daughter of the Heartland: My Ode to the Country That Raised Me.” The first female combat veteran elected to serve in the U.S. Senate – Joni is as tough as they come and a true inspiration for women everywhere. Get her book today! 
Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second! 
 Exclusive: Former Acting AG Whitaker's New Book Gives Insider Details About How the DOJ Tried to Subvert Trump
 This is a fabulous resource. 
 James Comey already admitted the manner in which he set up the FBI meeting with General Flynn was deliberately not done b…
 All civil libertarians who care about non partisan justice should support a new trial for Roger Stone based on this new info…
Thank you very much to Ken Langone for being a great American and for your wonderful comments on
GREAT PATRIOTS! 
  should be in jail.
 
 Everyone can help prevent the spread of  Call your doctor if you develop symptoms, have been in close contact with a p…
  has today launched a Phase 1  evaluating a vaccine candidate for   This trial is e…
 Trump vows coronavirus-ravaged economy will 'bounce' back    
 Macron faces calls to allow wider use hydroxychloroquine in coronavirus fight: report   
 
 Trump attorney accuses Mueller of ‘monstrous lie and scheme to defraud’ 
 🚨1 MILLION PHONE CALLS🚨It’s official, Team Wisconsin has made over 1,000,000 phone calls into WI-07 to  for
 Let me get this straight. was broke from legal fees and FBI threatened to prosecute his son if he did not plead…
 Does Judge Sullivan read SupCt decisions? Last week SupCt held using amici was “drastic departure” and “abuse of discretio…
 Flynn’s Lawyer Says Obama Was Part Of Conspiracy To Entrap Former National Security Advisor 
Play Football Big Ten! 
 A SanFran newspaper reporting that Saturday Night Live was mocking her for her “ ‘viral moments’ desperation.”
 Fund Police.Defund NPR.
Actually, that would be a big improvement - and she would win! 
 President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump disembark from Marine One. Melania looks STUNNING in Alexander McQue…
For the people that are now out of work because of the important and necessary containment policies, for instance the shutting down of hotels, bars and restaurants, money will soon be coming to you. The onslaught of the Chinese Virus is not your fault! Will be stronger than ever!
 AG William Barr on the Russia investigation: 'There's something far more troubling here'  
Ridiculous, don’t do it! 
 When J. Edgar 🤡 sent ; Pientka to the WH to ambush then bragged about it w…

 A letter leaked in November 2019 from her veteran Iowa operations manager, resigning, saying she'd “never seen an organiza…
 Kudlow On Obama COVID-19 Criticism: ‘We’ve Created A Massive Health And Safety Infrastructure’ 

Biden said he is going to “transition out of (fracking) by 2025”. I hope Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices, massive jobs losses! Vote Trump.
 Yesterday granted Duke Tanner clemency after 16 years in prison.Duke was sentenced to life in prison fo…

Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he, Joe, “was Vice President, not President,” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?
 Joe Biden just lost Texas, Pennsylvania, Oklahoma, Ohio, Alaska trying to follow AOC + 3’s plan on energy. 
Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person, in the Great State of Nebraska! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, below! 
WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now, and will see you all soon. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
 3-“President Trump Is Only the Third US President to Spend Thanksgiving with US Troops in a Combat Zone or US Troops A…
 2-Melania Trump Became the First First Lady to Spend Christmastime Visiting US Troops in a War Zone. (Thanksgiving, to…
 4-Trump Is the Only US President to Visit the Troops in a Combat Zone So Close to Christmas Day.President Trump Is t…
 1-In fairness, did you know the following that nobody reported?Trump Is One of Only Three US Presidents to Spend Than…
 6-More about all of that in my new book SLANTED: HOW THE NEWS MEDIA TAUGHT US TO LOVE CENSORSHIP AND HATE JOURNALISM.…
 
In light of the attack from the Invisible Enemy, as well as the need to protect the jobs of our GREAT American Citizens, I will be signing an Executive Order to temporarily suspend immigration into the United States!
 THE KIDS BELONG BACK IN SCHOOL. Stop making them suffer for your own political gain.
 Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and kil…
Today is National  Join me in a  to remember those who have earned our Nation's highest award for valor in combat. The Nation is eternally grateful to these patriots who so valiantly fought for America’s values and the American way of life! 
All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!
Thank you Mark! 
 BREAKING: FBI Agent On Mueller Teams Admits Flynn, Investigations Were A Crock! Crossfire Hurricane was ba…
 Exactly this. Reading the story earlier re Barnett, immediately thought  Dems believed having Flynn unresolved…
The number of Coronavirus cases is strongly trending downward throughout the United States, with few exceptions. Very good news, indeed!
 President Trump’s America First economic policies are fueling the GREAT AMERICAN COMEBACK.A record-breaking 4.8 million…
7 Devastating Revelations About Crossfire Hurricane In New Releases    The greatest political scam in American history!
 Congratulations to President and Vice President 
The LameStream Media is the dominant force in trying to get me to keep our Country closed as long as possible in the hope that it will be detrimental to my election success. The real people want to get back to work ASAP.  We will be stronger than ever before!
 My father will always stand up for our country and everyone in it. Thank you for your service in the Marines! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
 Here’s carrying water for violent criminals burning down communities and saying that he doesn’t thin…
 This is a must watch and . This is the difference between the truth and the narrative the media runs with. Why won’t…
 Pair of Brooklyn lawyers including Ivy League corporate attorney charged in Molotov cocktail attack on NYPD cruiser  ht…
 If Democrat ideas are so great, why do they need to commit voter fraud to win?

See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way!  
Congressman Scott DesJarlais  has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH. Tremendous progress being made, way ahead of schedule. USA!
Join me tomorrow night in Henderson, Nevada!  
One of the reasons that Fake News has become so prevalent ; far reaching is the fact that corrupt “journalists” base their stories on SOURCES that they make up in order to totally distort a narrative or story. When you see, “five sources say”, don’t believe the story, it is....
 
 Yahoo reporter apologizes to President Trump after making false coronavirus test claim in Oval Office meeting 
....very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources, very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that, the media would be trusted again, and Fake News would largely be a thing of the past!
 
 All night, has been sharp, clear, in charge of the issues. This is a man who ran to be POTUS because he…
 Absolutely OUTSTANDING job  by the President tonight. He was measured, precise and convincing. Biden was typical politic…
  has the ball and can’t run out the clock. A  is coming “big guy.”  
 Trump won the debate. This one wasn’t close.
 Solid debate. Trump won.
 President Trump won the debate. As for Joe, get ready for a good fact check tomorrow!
 Hunter Biden’s emails are NOT Russian disinformation. They are real. Period.
 Getting ready to depart Tennessee!  
 Tonight on stage, you saw a President who has accomplished more in 47 months than the politician on the other side has eve…
Here you go 
Wow. Today’s story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isn’t going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!
  loves his job ; showed it tonight. He was hopeful ; optimistic; negative ; backward-looking…
 This is not a win for Trump, it’s a complete annihilation. Biden hasn’t had one good moment and has been crushed on every qu…
 Trump won the night on points. But Trump wins tomorrow big when they roll the tape on fracking, oil, Russian disinform…
 True Goodness,Righteousness,Selflessness,Love of Country n her People SHINES Forth from Our Presi…
 Wonderful. Thank you, Senator Paul.
 Oh look the warmongers at the NY Times are coming up with a new excuse on why U.S. Troops…
 He has my vote, Rand, please move to NY and save us!
 If he's reelected I expect the party and his base to hold him to that promise because that would b…
 In general, the press never brings this up. This is something both sides should be ha…
 Thank you and for your efforts in ending this decades long mista…
 272 Generals sign in supprt of DJT, MSM focus on 4 or 5 who do not support Peace thru Strean…
A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!
My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!
Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!
 THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PAY!
 
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 

If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States... 

THANK YOU NOH CAROLINA, ON MY WAY!  
If we don’t win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the  empower violent mobs, and protect terrorists ; violent criminals! 
JUST VOTED. A great honor!
Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, end fracking, destroy your suburbs, and drive God from the public square. 
 Hunter Biden demanded Chinese billionaire pay $10 million for ‘introductions alone’  
The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.
The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6,500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries. 
 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
THANK YOU NOH CAROLINA!
 Biden's message tonight at the debate was pretty simple: he'll lock down the entire country, raise taxes, and destroy the U.S…
Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are. Can’t let this happen!
Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!
Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse.
Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!! 
Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with of Texas and John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared, be careful, and be safe! 
Just spoke with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!
I will soon be giving a first in television history full, unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of Watch her constant interruptions ; anger. Compare my full, flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s”. 
Depression! 
I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities, great JOBS, and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!  
For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for YOU. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together, we are going to  
 Florida Man Caught Requesting Ballot For Wife Who Died In 2018 
 World Health Organization Appeals To ‘All World Leaders: Stop Using Lockdown As Your Primary Control Method’ 
 
 
 Historic First: Under Trump, Half Of National Security Council Leaders Are Women   
 How has President Trump not gone completely off the rails ; ballistic by now? Everyone in Washington is against the man. E…
Love it, thank you!  
Very cool. Please thank him! 
 
 
 
Will be doing a press conference today at 5:00 P.M. The White House. People are working harder than I have ever seen people work. It is a beautiful thing to watch!

 Since April, the and the have stopped more than 94,000 pounds of cocaine and 9,200 pounds of marijuana from b…
Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!
THANK YOU 
  authorized to ensure our patriotic farmers, ranchers, and producers are supported. We are movin…
HARRIS IS A GREAT AMERICAN! 
Interesting? By Congress not wanting the special 5 minute testing apparatus, they are saying that they are not “essential”.  In any event, we have great testing capacity, and have performed 6.5 million tests, which is more than every country in the world, combined!
 I am not a token. I am just part of a movement that will be seen loud and clear on election day.
AMERICA FIRST!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!


Such Fake reporting by the ; others. They use a small portion of a sentence out of a full paragraph in order to demean. They really are corrupt and disgusting. No wonder the media is, according to polls, record setting low ; untrusted.  
My decision to appoint General Charles Brown as the USA’s first-ever African American military service chief has now been approved by the Senate. A historic day for America! Excited to work even more closely with Gen. Brown, who is a Patriot and Great Leader!
 As far as I am concerned, it should be a 100% approval from all of the Republican party, whats wrong wi…
 Thank you, President for your steadfast, unapologetic support of law enforcement during  From DAY ONE…
....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, ; a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!
ALE: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident”, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, ; DELETING HER EMAILS!
 has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!
I am allocating $2.96 BILLION in Emergency Solutions Grants to support homeless Americans and those at risk of becoming homeless because of job or wage loss, or illness due to COVID-19. We are taking care of our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens. Thanks
Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!
Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wife’s political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?
Thank you! 
 At this rate, if you don't support Trump and you're a Republican you've gone entirely mad.
 All of the Democrats stick together, that's a lesson that the Republican party needs to learn, support…
 We built the greatest economy in the world—and together, we will build it again! 
More Fake News! 
What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!
 Why does MSM ignore this???Why do people ignore that he doesn't care about the  worker…
 Sleepy Joe fell asleep during his last town hall! 
THANK YOU MICHAEL! 
Relief is on the way to Utah! I’m proud to send $187.18M in CARES Act funding to This money will keep people moving and support a swift and smooth economic recovery for the GREAT people of Utah!

Great work in the Republican Senate on some big nominees. Still 154 to go, hope they don’t adjourn until the job is done!
 Trump-haters clearly  frustrated that the American people-many of whom did not vote for him-approve of the epic job
 It's an absolute disgrace what they've done to and his family.This is one of the most highly…
The only reason the U.S. has reported one million cases of CoronaVirus is that our Testing is sooo much better than any other country in the World. Other countries are way behind us in Testing, and therefore show far fewer cases!
Subject only to State approval, our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND. Thank you!  

 Greg Gutfeld on Biden response to Tara Reade claims: He 'was doing great in that interview until he confessed' 
 Joe Biden forgot he's supposed to be lying about President Trump's coronavirus response – and he actually told the truth!…
 Joe Biden spent 44 years in Washington standing up FOR China.You can't teach an old dog new tricks. 
 President message to Young Americans: You are a citizen of the greatest country anywhere in the world, we…
Thank you George, great honor! 
 They’re not happy because  is speaking directly to American people during a crisis and getting strong…
 
 We have far and away the most robust testing capacity in the world. 
“Republican AGs come out in force against defunding police” 
Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!
 Today, President signed into the law the  which will help small businesses stay open, help worker…
 Today President signed the  single largest economic relief package in 🇺🇸history. POTUS has ;…
 Poll for Democrats only. Are you aware that most of the political news you consume is either misleading and out of cont…
 A reporter angrily insisted he was right about coronavirus testing data. In fact, he was wrong, and President Trump was r…
 Join me for a quick laugh about the funniest Trump kill shot on Biden. Ever.🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
 This kill shot is so perfectly executed it is painful to watch . . . and still funny. 🤣🤣🤣
 Joe Biden rambles and struggles for words during interview on coronavirus response 
 Joe Biden’s town hall with Hillary Clinton got off to a fantastic start 
All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!

 Awesome to see our team still working hard for  — stay safe everybody! 🇺🇸
 President signs coronavirus relief CARES Act! 
Happy National Farmers Day! 
BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 
 The FBI found "no derogatory information" about But they decided to crush him anyway."There is nothing worse…
The Russia Hoax is the biggest political scandal in American history. Treason!!! Lets see how it ends???? 
 🚨🚨 TUNE IN NOW 🚨🚨Tonight’s Online! has two of the best —&gt; ; talking about Slee…
 WATCH: Team Trump Online with and House GOP Leader  TRUMP to 88022 
 Tisa Clark, CEO Of J.D. Clark Professional Services, credits the  for allowing her to keep her wor…
 As Trump campaign senior advisor said today, Joe Biden's plan to ease sanctions on the Cuban and Venezuel…

 A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
Thank you James! 
DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
So much of the Lamestream Media is writing and broadcasting stories with facts that are made up and knowingly wrong. They are doing it by quoting unnamed sources that simply do not exist. These are very dangerous ; corrupt people, who will do anything to win. NAME YOUR SOURCES!
 This is dangerous, counterproductive, and deeply irrational. “Defund the police” is not a call from the fringes of the f…
Thank you Michael. You also! 
At least they admit it. The Failing ; never correct their Fake Reporting! 
  an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan), is running an excellent campaign for…
“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.” of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 

THANK YOU 
New York State is killing small businesses. Let them properly open!
Heading to the Great State of Virginia now, will be there shortly. The  is “loaded to the gills” at Naval Station Norfolk, departing for New York City this afternoon. 
 BLUE ANGELS DC 
No, I think Amash would make a wonderful candidate, especially since he is way behind in his district and has no chance of maintaining his Congressional seat. He almost always votes for the Do Nothing Dems anyway. I like him even more than Jill Stein! 
“For the first time in history, Police Organizations ; National Security Organizations were used to SPY on a Campaign, ; there was no basis for it. The media largely drove that, ; claims were made that could have affected the election of the President.” A.G. Bill Barr
 Wall is going up fast. 184 miles as of today!
 The Obama Administration is turning out to be one of the most corrupt and incompetent in U.S. history. Remember, he an…
 Lacy will do a great job. Omar is a corrupt disaster!
Yes! 
Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!
 President gives an update on Tropical Storm Isaias: 
Great statement to Congress by concerning Defunding (not!) our great Police. This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen. Sleepy Joe Biden will be (already is) pulled all the way Left. Many, like Minneapolis, want to close their Police Departments. Crazy!
“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh 
Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone? 
I am giving consideration to a QUARANTINE of developing “hot spots”, New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. A decision will be made, one way or another, shortly.
That’s right Jack. Keep up the good work! 
 "We are grateful to for protecting our nation’s food supply," said Pres. ; CEO Julie Ann…
I hate to be promoting AT;T, but is Great News, not Fake News. Everybody should be carrying them! 
 Brighter days are ahead for Louisiana and by working together with our federal officials, I know we will get through this…
Incredible!  just took Congressional Hearing off the air just prior to important witness statements. More like CNN!!! Fox is lost!!!
 This agreement sets the Middle East on a new course of cooperation and economic integration.Well done President
 What incredible times we are living in.Adding Bahrain to the list of Arab nations to recognize the State of Israel a…

 Last night’s primaries were an emphatic reminder of the enthusiasm for agenda that is sweeping the natio…
 LIVE: President at Send-Off for USNS Comfort 
 See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way!  
Just landed, see you soon Minden, Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!
 In this edition of One America News Investigates, Neil W. McCabe presents an in-depth report on corruption by former Vice Preside…
The Impeachment Hoax will be exposed. Crazy Nancy gets Nothing Done, that’s why she got thrown out as Speaker the first time. Also, she should come back to Washington now! 
 Our nation has ample supply of food—and President is clearing the bottleneck and ensuring that our farmers…
 I again want to thank and for supporting the people of Louisiana during this difficult time. We had…
 "We will stop at nothing to protect the people of our country." -   
Border Wall is going up FAST. Over 172 miles already built. 450 miles by early next year, or sooner! Dems want OPEN BORDERS. I want STRONG BORDERS! 
 LIVE: POTUS holds a roundtable with industry executives 
...history of Winning, Victory, and Freedom. The United States of America trained and deployed our HEROES on these Hallowed Grounds, and won two World Wars. Therefore, my Administration will not even consider the renaming of these Magnificent and Fabled Military Installations...
...Our history as the Greatest Nation in the World will not be tampered with. Respect our Military!
On my way, Nevada!
Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?
It has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our Legendary Military Bases, such as Fort Bragg in North Carolina, Fort Hood in Texas, Fort Benning in Georgia, etc. These Monumental and very Powerful Bases have become part of a Great American Heritage, and a...
Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump!
 Plasma is the liquid part of blood. Ppl who have recovered from  may have antibodies (proteins the immune system makes aft…
With the courage of our doctors and nurses, with the skill of our scientists and innovators, with the determination of the American People, and with the grace of God, WE WILL WIN THIS WAR. When we achieve this victory, we will emerge stronger and more united than ever before! 
I, for one, am glad to see he is back, and well! 
I am sending $219.9M to the San Diego area in CARES Act funding for These funds from will be CRITICAL for economic recovery. We have to keep people moving safely and efficiently!
 The Trump Admin is making sure senior citizens are safe ; have access to the resources they need during coronavirus. In ad…

 Kamala Still Hasn't Deleted Tweet Supporting Bail Fund That Helped Rioters 👇🏻👇🏻 
Big $$$$ headed to the Pittsburgh area! I’m sending $141.7M in CARES Act funding to from to aid in the recovery. This will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more importantly, keeping them SAFE!
....Federal Government. A quarantine will not be necessary. Full details will be released by CDC tonight. Thank you!
On the recommendation of the White House CoronaVirus Task Force, and upon consultation with the Governor’s of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, I have asked the to issue a strong Travel Advisory, to be administered by the Governors, in consultation with the....
 It's clear that Democrat Party is the Party of shuttered churches and broken communities.
 Where four previous Presidents made promises to the American people about our most cherished ally, it was President
 Domestic Travel Advisory: Due to extensive community transmission of  in New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut, CD…
Congratulations on last nights BIG WIN, Keep up the great work so we can  We need you in Washington fast. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Should we "get him to lie" or "get him fired?"Latest FBI memo on exposes a portrait of NeverTrump actors wieldi…

 If Democrats will not make a deal, President will pursue executive action in order to extend economic reli…
Thank you IDAHO!  
Congratulations to Dr. Rich McCormick  on a BIG WIN in Georgia last night! We need you in Washington, D.C. badly. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement!   
 “The ship behind me is a 70,000 ton msg of hope ; solidarity to the incredible people of NY: we are here for you, we are fig…
 What changed, 
Two wonderful people! 
THANK YOU!  
 
CONGRATULATIONS!  
So honored by Archbishop Viganò’s incredible letter to me. I hope everyone, religious or not, reads it! 
 Thank you for signing the CARES Act right away and for your leadership throughout this entire p…
Happy Birthday to three time Olympian and five term Congressman,
 Tomorrow I’ll be joined by and other distinguished guests to discuss the 2020 Presidential Electio…
 They didn’t ... 🧐🧐🧐🧐
 BREAKING: Sally Yates testified Comey went "rogue" regarding his persecution of Flynn
WOW — THANK YOU!  
 Yates clearly going for an insanity defense
 SUNDAY! and return to  Tune in at 9pm ET on 
 doesn’t want to speak about their persecution of General Michael Flynn ; why they got the story so wrong. They, along with others, should pay a big price for what they have purposely done to this man ; his family. They won’t even cover the big breaking news about this scam!
...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
Wow! The Front Page Headline reads, “A BOOST IN TESTS, BUT LACK OF TAKERS.” We have done a great job on Ventilators, Testing, and everything else. Were left little by Obama. Over 11 million tests, and going up fast. More than all countries in the world, combined.
REOPEN OUR COUNTRY!
 100% correct!
 The number of Coronavirus cases is strongly trending downward throughout the United States, with few exceptions. Very…
ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON!  
 TOMORROW! returns to  Tune in at 9pm ET on 
 Albom's softball interview with Whitmer this past Friday (AM 760 WJR) was horrific.  Wasn't sure what was more disturb…
 The Yates hearing on Capitol Hill was another disaster for the police-state Democrats. It reinforced two critical things abou…
 Department of Justice admits they violated protocol in their investigation into Michael Flynn. 
 Mueller did it.
 The firing of Andrew McCabe is a rare example of someone being held accountable in Washington.  I hope the IG issues hi…
Just told that Fake News is falsely reporting that I was recently shouting at my campaign manager over made up nonsense. Actually, he is doing a great job, I never shouted at him (been with me for years, including the 2016 win), ; have no intention to do so. Just FAKE NEWS!
Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!
LAW ; ORDER!
She was thrown off The View like a dog, Zero T.V. Personas. Now Wallace is a 3rd rate lapdog for Fake News MSDNC (Concast). Doesn’t have what it takes! 
  delivers an extraordinary blessing “To the City and to the World” to pray for an end to the Covid-19 
Lyin’ Brian Williams of MSDNC, a Concast Scam Company, wouldn’t know the truth if it was nailed to his wooden forehead. Remember when he lied about his bravery in a helicopter? Totally made up story. He’s a true dummy who was thrown off Network News like a dog. Stay tuned!
 This time, the Left wants to blow up the election -- they have set up the system to break by sending tens of millions of bal…
...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!
So true, although Honest Abe wasn’t bad. Thank you! 
 Coronavirus In Ohio: Pioneers Technology To Clean And Reuse PPE | Radio
Highly recommended by Governor of Ohio. must move quickly! 
How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!
Radical Left Governor and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stooped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!
I must admit that Lyin’ Brian Williams is, while dumber than hell, quite a bit smarter than Fake News “anchorman” Don Lemon, the “dumbest man on television”. Then you have Psycho Joe “What Ever Happened To Your Girlfriend?” Scarborough, another of the low I.Q. individuals!
 DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
“Very troubled by Durham probe findings.” A.G. Bill Barr  
Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!
Not much time to sleep. Thank you! 
“With the Tax Cuts and new Trade Deals, we were set for a tremendous growth rate this year.... and then the Virus came along.”  We were breaking all records, especially on employment. It will all come roaring back again, and fast!
Lyin’ Brian Williams of MSDNC! 
.....mixed about even wanting us to get out. They make a fortune $$$ by having us stay, and except at the beginning, we never really fought to win. We are more of a police force than the mighty military that we are, especially now as rebuilt. No, I am not acting impulsively!

A fantastic new book, “American Crusade” written by a Great American Patriot, — is available tomorrow! Hear more about it as he joins tonight at 9:00pmE and tomorrow morning at 8:30amE. Get your copy today! 
Today we commemorate the 100th Anniversary of the birth of Saint John Paul II. HAPPY BIHDAY! 
 LIVE: President holds a roundtable 
The Democrats are just, as always, looking for trouble. They do nothing constructive, even in times of crisis. They don’t want to blame their cash cow, China, for the plague. China is blaming Europe. Dr. Fauci will be testifying before the Senate very soon!  
Hope the FDA can approve Mask Sterilization equipment ASAP. As per Governor there is a company in Ohio, which has equipment that can sterilize masks quickly.
Despite reports to the contrary, Sweden is paying heavily for its decision not to lockdown. As of today, 2462 people have died there, a much higher number than the neighboring countries of Norway (207), Finland (206) or Denmark (443). The United States made the correct decision!
Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options.
 Decades of failed engagement, Western investment and unfair trade tactics built China into an industrial behemoth, giv…

THANK YOU NEVADA!  
...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!
No reason to turn it down, except politics. We have plenty of testing. Maybe you need a new Doctor over there. Crazy Nancy will use it as an excuse not to show up to work! 
 Pelosi can't get away with rewriting history.In January, Democrats were all-consumed with a bogus impeachment.What w…
Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice...
Does anybody really believe that Roger Stone, a man whose house was raided early in the morning by 29 gun toting FBI Agents (with Fake News closely in toe), was treated fairly. How about the jury forewoman with her unannounced hatred ; bias. Same scammers as General Flynn!
 President “Joe Biden, this morning, totally disparaged and insulted the Black community” by saying Latinos…
Domestic Terrorists have taken over Seattle, run by Radical Left Democrats, of course. LAW ; ORDER!
Our great National Guard Troops who took care of the area around the White House could hardly believe how easy it was. “A walk in the park”, one said. The protesters, agitators, anarchists (ANTIFA), and others, were handled VERY easily by the Guard, D.C. Police, ; S.S. GREAT JOB!
 The enemy may be invisible, but is fighting a war against this crisis. His leadership is all the more…
Beautiful, thank you to our GREAT and 
What happened to General Michael Flynn, a war hero, should never be allowed to happen to a citizen of the United States again!
I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years!  
Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
FAKE POLLING, just like 2016 (but worse)!
  “Oh bye the way, I appreciate the message from former President Bush, but where was he during Impeachment calling for putting partisanship aside.”  He was nowhere to be found in speaking up against the greatest Hoax in American history!
The Wall Street Journal Editorial states that it doesn’t want me to act in an “impulsive” manner in Afghanistan. Could somebody please explain to them that we have been there for 19 years, and while soldier counts are way down now, hardly impulsive. Besides, the Taliban is.....
Sleepy Joe Biden refuses to leave his basement “sanctuary” and tell his Radical Left BOSSES that they are heading in the wrong direction. Tell them to get out of Seattle now. Liberal Governor is looking “the fool”. LAW ; ORDER!
 “This great ship behind me is a 70,000-ton message of hope and solidarity to the incredible people of New York.” — Presiden…
 Great advice for America’s children! 
 Smart that looked at the data, accurate projections, and nixed the horrid idea of a federal quarantine…
Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!
I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE! 
 Imagine going after the NRA but refusing to touch the Clinton Foundation.
 “Our country is at war with an invisible enemy. We are marshaling the full power of the American nation… [The USNS Comfo…
THOSE THAT DENY THEIR HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT!
Really? Have you looked at the numbers lately! 
 Just watched a sea of people rush to the front of the barricades ahead of tonight’s rally in Minden, NV. 
 Very cool. Please thank him!
 To support the hundreds of millions of Americans making tremendous sacrifices on the home front, President
  uncovered the Clinton Foundation/State Department pay to play scandal. I testified to Congress about it. The…
The Federal Reserve is wrong so often. I see the numbers also, and do MUCH better than they do. We will have a very good Third Quarter, a great Fourth Quarter, and one of our best ever years in 2021. We will also soon have a Vaccine ; Therapeutics/Cure. That’s my opinion. WATCH!
 Not only should general Flynn’s charges be dropped immediately but the treasonous actors who set him up should be in ja…
Animals that must be hit hard! 
 Border Wall is going up FAST. Over 172 miles already built. 450 miles by early next year, or sooner! Dems want OPEN BO…
 Air Force One landing in Virginia... 
YES! 
 This afternoon, President will deliver remarks at the Naval Station Norfolk send-off for the 
Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!
 Sorta tiresome to say that several federal prosecutors being caught destroying evidence should be a huge story but whatever…
The Fake News doesn’t show real polls. Lamestream Media is totally CORRUPT, the Enemy of the People! 
June 14th just happens to be my birthday, thank you! Love our Boaters, Love our Country!   
Plus many! 
 THANK YOU to all of the conservative media figures who doggedly reported on the grotesque attack on General Flynn for years.…
 
 With the courage of our doctors and nurses, with the skill of our scientists and innovators, with the determination of…
 trounces Morning Psycho (MSDNC) in the Ratings!
This is the letter sent to Dr. Tedros of the World Health Organization. It is self-explanatory! 
 is no longer the same. We miss the great Roger Ailes. You have more anti-Trump people, by far, than ever before. Looking for a new outlet! 
 Fox News on hydroxychloroquine in the last two days:Neil Cavuto: It’ll kill you!!!Laura Ingraham: Take it! Take it!…
 I can't keep tweeting this enough because the sheer stupidity of what Cavuto said boggles the mind. He claimed that if you…


Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, he’s bleeding profusely, and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 
 For the  crowd...Bill Nye is not a scientist.Greta Thunberg is not a climate expert.Hillary Cl…
Anarchists just took over Seattle and the Liberal Democrat Governor just said he knows “nothing about that”.
 Turns out the only ones who colluded with Russians were Hillary Clinton’s campaign ; the DNC.Time for Comey’s crooked c…
 Neil Cavuto, who just told viewers they would die if they took Hydroxychloroquine, speaks to a doctor who says the drug ca…

The Lamestream Media wants us to fail. That will NEVER happen!
Radical Left Governor and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stopped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!
 I have yet to read a single Democrat leader OUTRAGED by the explosive new Flynn revelations.Shouldn't they be?Shouldn'…
Many complaints coming in about Maine. I love that State, won Maine 2 - Don’t make the cure worse than the problem itself. That can happen, you know! 
Consistently great reporting by Elizabeth MacDonald of She really understands OBAMAGATE!
 LIVE: President delivers remarks at Whirlpool Corporation manufacturing plant 
If they die, fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this! 
Hopefully our Country will soon mend. We are all missing our wonderful rallies, and many other things! 
 For too many years, Washington stood idly by as other countries drove American workers out of their jobs.Not under Presid…
 President is laying out a vision to bring thousands more factories and millions more jobs back to American…
Seriously failed presidential candidate, Senator Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, just introduced an Amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary Military Bases from which we trained to WIN two World Wars. Hopefully our great Republican Senators won’t fall for this!
 Flynn Attorney Sidney Powell: The Documents That Are Yet to Be Released "Are Even More Stunning" (VIDEO) 
Polls are showing tremendous disapproval of Lamestream Media coverage of the Virus crisis. The Fake News just hasn’t figured that out yet!
 To the protesters blocking the entrance ; exit of the HOSPITAL EMERGENCY ROOM yelling "We hope they die" referring to 2 LA Sher…
Because the “Ratings” of my News Conferences etc. are so high, “Bachelor finale, Monday Night Football type numbers” according to the the Lamestream Media is going CRAZY. “Trump is reaching too many people, we must stop him.” said one lunatic. See you at 5:00 P.M.!
Chris is a Great Winner and Fighter for New York. He will never let you down! Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets, Reducing Taxes, Regulations, and importantly, our  Vote on June 23rd. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
...Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets and Low Taxes. Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all!  
Despite very tough competition, had a tremendous victory on Tuesday in South Carolina’s 1st Congressional District. The first woman to graduate from the Citadel, she is a Great Warrior who we need in Washington now...
Wow! 
  - BREAKING: Former FBI General Counsel James Baker Has Flipped! Durham is Building Conspiracy Case on All of T…
 President “I didn’t back down from my promises, and I’ve kept every single one” 
 I was at a graduation in 2016 in Delaware. Biden happened to be there and walked past me (surrounded b…
 It's gotten to the point where I can't even bring myself to make Biden jokes anymore.It's beyond sad.  It'…
  trounces Morning Psycho (MSDNC) in the Ratings!
 Where is Christopher Wray?
 
 
 
 April 2020: The Trump Administration isn’t doing enough when it comes to  testing! May 2020: We now have too…
...alone attracted 6.2 million viewers for the president’s briefing — an astounding number for a 6 p.m. cable broadcast, more akin to the viewership for a popular prime-time sitcom...
...On Monday, nearly 12.2 million people watched Mr. Trump’s briefing on CNN, Fox News and MSNBC, according to Nielsen — ‘Monday Night Football’ numbers. Millions more are watching on ABC, CBS, NBC and online streaming sites, and the audience is expanding. On Monday, Fox News...
...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all!  
Congratulations to on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossof who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David
 The only person on the planet who thinks Comey is a decent human being is Comey. We now know what a corrupt piece of garbage…
 ANYONE CAN GET IT 😅 Even Romanov's coach!  
 General Flynn Posts Triumphant Tweet Following Release of Handwritten FBI Notes Revealing He Was Framed 
 Fake News CNN is at it again, carrying water for Joe Biden!  
 Joe Biden’s comfort with “ African Americans “ votes is insulting. I’m black and I won’t be casting my vote for Jim Cr…
Thank you! 
...The CBS News poll said 13 percent of Republicans trusted the news media for information about the virus.” Michael M. Grynbaum
Keep punching Mike! 
I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead. 
...of Schumer and Pelosi. David is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your  at all times. He is a GREAT Senator and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for David Perdue on November 3rd, a big day for us all!  
We need our Great David Perdue  in the Senate to Drain the Swamp ; Make America Great Again! His Radical Liberal opponent, Jon Ossoff (who we beat in 2017), supports LAWLESS Sanctuary Cities, wants to raise your taxes, ; weaken our Great Military. He is a puppet...
 Imagine having your life and reputation ruined by rogue US govt. officials. Then years later when the plot finally come…
 I've updated my Twitter username to stand in solidarity with my Black American friends, who first had their blackness snatch…
 Come on man... Seriously? 🤦
“President Trump is a ratings hit. Since reviving the daily White House briefing Mr. Trump and his coronavirus updates have attracted an average audience of 8.5 million on cable news, roughly the viewership of the season finale of ‘The Bachelor.’ Numbers are continuing to rise...
Thank you! 
 Hard to Believe Cavuto is this foolish ; gullible. The VA study he quotes is total fraud conducted on only very old, sic…
I am proud to announce the Portland Area’s will receive over $184M in federal funds to support continued operations of their transit system. This will keep workers on the job and help the economic recovery by ensuring reliable transportation!
I am proud to announce the San Francisco Bay Area will receive over $700M in federal funds to support continued operations and support workers at Intl Airport and for transit on ; This money will aid in economic recovery!
DC’s system is getting over $876M, a big boost to stay open ; operating! The federal funds will keep workers paid ; buses ; trains running on a limited schedule as they are needed for essential trips. Good news for those who rely on transit! Congrats to ; all!
In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, ; supposedly outdated, “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?
...Second Amendment. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement! We need him in Washington now!  
Matt is a champion for the Great State of New Hampshire! He was a winner in my Administration and he will always put America First. Strong on our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and the...
 Ryan Helfenbein: Reopening the Economy Is Not Partisan, It’s Necessary 
 Hey Democrats,Aren't you concerned Bernie voters didn't show up in the primaries?
 “Joe Biden’s polices put China first, and America last.” 
 Hiden Biden and Obama may have had Seal Team 6 killed! EXPLOSIVE: CIA Whistleblower Exposes Biden’s Alleged Role with the De…
...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all!  
 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, just out, highest ever Approval Rating overall in the ne…
Congratulations to on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossoff who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David
  doesn’t want to speak about their persecution of General Michael Flynn ; why they got the story so wrong. They,…
WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
They just don’t get it! 
So proud of the and the Federal Government for the 2,900 bed hospital they built in 4 days (way ahead of schedule) in the Javits Center for NY. We are now moving the teams to join others so they can continue to build more hospitals/beds. Keep up the GREAT WORK!
 
 President arrives in Las Vegas, Nevada.... 
 Since day one, President has been fighting for the forgotten men and women of America. 
Great! 
 🚨𝐇𝐀𝐏𝐏𝐄𝐍𝐈𝐍𝐆 𝐍𝐎𝐖‼️President speaking to Great American Patriots in Minden, Nevada at a MAKE AMERICA GREAT…
 Susan Rice knew exactly what she was doing. That’s why she wrote herself emails in a desperate attempt to cover her tr…
The Fake News knows this. Thanks Katie! 
 Flynn Was Innocent All Along: He Was Pressured to Plead Guilty 
 Don’t allow RIGGED ELECTIONS!
 Concast  and Fake News are going out of their way to say GREAT things about China. They are Chinese pup…
Will be starting The White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern.
I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!
 "We have to work together to confront bigotry and prejudice wherever they appear. But we'll make no progress and heal no wo…
 Lyin’ Brian Williams of MSDNC! 
 I must admit that Lyin’ Brian Williams is, while dumber than hell, quite a bit smarter than Fake News “anchorman”…
FAKE NEWS! 

 "We're working to finalize an Executive Order that will encourage police departments nationwide to meet the most current pr…
 President announces four steps to build safety, opportunity, and dignity for ALL Americans—and build on vi…
 There has been vigorous conversation on how to ensure fairness, equality, and justice for all—but sadly, some are only tryi…
 What happened to General Michael Flynn, a war hero, should never be allowed to happen to a citizen of the United State…
 Despite reports to the contrary, Sweden is paying heavily for its decision not to lockdown. As of today, 2462 people h…
Going well despite the Fake News! 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!
 What clueless libs, ; media activists, are completely missing in this crisis is that trust in govt has been decimated. People…
 Graham Asks Grenell, Barr To Reveal Other 'Unmasked' Trump Officials 
 Newly declassified portions of a bizzare Inaugration Day e-mail Susan Rice wrote to herself confirm that the 2017 campaign to…
They got caught. Some very nervous criminals out there. Thank you Ted! 
Thank you! 
 President needs to retweet this video of Susan Rice lying through her teeth about unmasking. 
 This guy sums it up perfectly.  
Thanks. Sleepy Joe has given you nothing, and never will! 
Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
 "Joe Biden this morning, he totally disparaged and insulted the black community. What he said is incredible...it was a very…
 RACE COMMENT BACKLASH: reports on the backlash Joe Biden is facing after appearing to suggest most African Am…
So nice to see this great honor. Thank you (but haven’t played golf in a long time)! 
Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over...
...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen, further reducing prices.
Great work together we are keeping AMERICAN WORKERS employed! 
 CNN is a part of the problem and they should be sued for spreading lies and propaganda!
Congratulations to my daughter, Tiffany, on graduating from Georgetown Law. Great student, great school. Just what I need is a lawyer in the family. Proud of you Tiff!


....And then came a Plague, a great and powerful Plague, and the World was never to be the same again! But America rose from this death and destruction, always remembering its many lost souls, and the lost souls all over the World, and became greater than ever before!
 BREAKING: Trump signs executive order forcing the divestment of TikTok by it’s owner, ByteDance.Any company still doing bu…
 “We the people will recognize, despite all the forces to the contrary, we are not each other's enemies." 🇺🇸 

 Wow. Thousands of job openings. Looking for work? Check out this link 
 General Flynn, Kavanaugh, Nicholas Sandmann- liberal journos are willing to set these people up with lies and then pounce o…
“I said NO to a deal, Lou. If I would be willing to re-remember......they would recommend no jail time, ; I said NO. This President needs to be re-elected, Lou. One of the greatest Presidents in my lifetime. I would never give false testimony against him.” Roger Stone
 The Flynn case is fast becoming a case of gross judicial overreach as the court appears to assume both judicial and exe…
A really great woman, and what a job she is doing! 
 From The use of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act against so many U.S. citizens presents a fundamental threat…
 The ACLU’s Absurd Title IX Lawsuit - our editorial ... 
 Rice tried to protect Obama, blame Comey for withholding intelligence from Flynn ; Trump team - my  
 President Donald Trump on Thursday ordered an unspecified ban on "transactions" with the Chinese owners of the consumer apps Ti…
Thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters.” I will never let you down! 
 We issued a new authorization this evening to for their decontamination system. staff have been working non…
 Thank you and has now given Columbus-based full approval of the use of ne…
The Radical Left Democrats: First they try to take away your guns. Then they try to take away your police!
 Hey Joe, last year US emissions dropped by 2.1% largely because of Republican-led efforts to deregulate natural gas, a c…
Thank you Emily! 

Will be interviewed on at 7:55 A.M. USA STRONG!
 President is announcing major action to support our Nation's farmers, ranchers, and growers! 
“The Massive Trump Coronavirus Supply Effort that the Media Loves to Hate” 
I am pleased to announce that the Seattle area’s will receive over $166M in federal funds from to help keep the transit system open ; operational, helping get people to work or make necessary trips. These funds help replace lost fare revenue, very important!
 In letter to Congress President Donald Trump calls TikTok a threat to national security because the data the app collec…
 President has been fighting for the forgotten men ; women of America since day one. 
  Kevin McCarthy (R-Bakersfield) announced InyoKern Airport will receive an $11 million Airport Improvement Pro…
 We’re partnering with ; to help get PPE and essential goods to communities in need as efficiently as poss…


 The Radical Left Democrats: First they try to take away your guns. Then they try to take away your police!
The Do Nothing Democrats! 
I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
 The letter adds: “potentially allowing China to track the locations of Federal employees and contractors, build dossier…
Thank you Dr. Hahn ; the FDA for your fast approval of this respected Ohio company recommended by Governor Great potential! 
 Roche gets FDA emergency use approval for COVID-19 antibody test  
 Will be interviewed on at 7:55 A.M. USA STRONG!
 "Farmers across America are very appreciative, Mr. President, of what you've done," says president of
 WATCH LIVE: President Donald Trump in Las Vegas, NV  Text VOTE to 88022 
 Yes! Please add to the things to do. Drain the swamp and prevent it from coming back. Set "Term limits" t…
 Obama Admin Turned Down Renaming of Army Bases: ‘Reconciliation, Not Division‘  via
 Proud 2hear abt collaborative efforts in every sector of Iowa's economy Helping each other is the Iowa way Recent exampl…
 On this World Day Against Trafficking, I’m humbled to announce that we are deepening our commitment in the fight against Huma…
Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats delayed the Workers Help/Stimulus Bill by over a week, trying to add real “junk” into the Bill. Got some bad things, having nothing to do with those affected by the Virus, included. Republicans need their votes until we WIN BACK THE HOUSE IN 2020!
Our thoughts are with the two Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
 Every year in France, there's a ceremony that rarely makes headlines.Ordinary people ; families collect sand from Omaha B…
 ACQUITTED FOR LIFE. 
 States will have to give up sanctuary policies to receive a bailout, says Trump.
 Pres is right 2use authority 2 keep open meat processing plants Its critical infrastructure 4 country's…
 I want to compliment all Iowans for coming together to beat this virus  
Thank you! 
 The Obama-Biden Administration had NO indication that General Flynn did anything wrong. But they spied on him anyways!
So true. OBAMAGATE! 
 Minneapolis City Council Wants to Disband Police – Let’s See How That Goes 👇
 Devastating flashback clip of Comey just aired on show.When asked who went around the protocol of goi…
 If you care about liberty, freedom, or corruption at the highest levels of the government, you have to care about Gen.…
 President “We’re all in this together. I have never seen anything like it.” 
 FEMA and administration are making sure we have the supplies we need to confront coronavirus. 
Thank you Ryan. Working hard! 
...replied “Yes, Absolutely.” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY.” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore, the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money...
...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365!
 My favorite maga couple!!! Y’all don’t know these people off social media so you don’t know they’re as real as they are onlin…
Thank you! 
 LIVE:  arrives in New York in support of the DOD’s  response efforts. (no sound) 
This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden...

Michigan sends absentee ballot applications to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!
....beaten Sleepy Joe in a LANDSLIDE, every State, if these events didn’t happen. Even if Warren just dropped out, he would have easily won. Dems did it to him with Crooked Hillary and now, even more so...and Bernie doesn’t even complain. VOTE for Trump on TRADE, better than BS!
Crazy! 
People have no idea how Fake the Lamestream Media is! 
  docs just unsealed, including handwritten notes 1/24/2017 day of Flynn FBI interview.  Transcript: “What is our go…
  and I disagree on quite a bit and there are parts of his management of which I’ve been critical but I’m glad…
 NEW: Biden draws distinction between diversity within Black and Latino communities, telling that “un…

 Do you agree? 👇
 The Flynn documents are out. One line is as significant as it is shocking. Indeed, for those who have long seen a conce…
The Tulsa, Oklahoma area has been approved for a transportation loan from the of up to $120M to help expand highway on the Gilcrease Expressway West Project. This will mean less congestion and faster routes to popular spots!
We have sent our best Military ; Teams, already there. Governor must now “set you free” to help. Will be with you soon! 
If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty! 

 JUST IN: President Trump tells reporters he will restart MAGA rallies in Oklahoma, Arizona, Florida ; North Carolina
On  we recognize the remarkable men ; women who treat their fellow Americans, find cures for the diseases ; illnesses we face, and never waver in their efforts to treat every patient with the dignity, respect, and empathy they deserve. 
I’m with the TRUCKERS all the way. Thanks for the meeting at the White House with my representatives from the Administration. It is all going to work out well!
 What did FBI Director Christopher Wray know and when? And why has he been covering for these scum bags? 
Cases, numbers and deaths are going down all over the Country!
After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!

 should fire their Fake Pollster. Never had a good Fox Poll! 
....Together, we built the greatest economy in history. We will do it again – better than ever before!
Great call with thousands of our Hispanic community, business, and faith leaders today. During this national trial, we have been uplifted by the grit, determination, prayers, and patriotism of Hispanic Americans....
Why doesn’t put up the CNBC POLL or the (believe it or not!) Poll? Hope Roger A is looking down and watching what has happened to this once beautiful creation!
China is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have Sleepy Joe Biden win the presidential race so they can continue to rip-off the United States, as they have done for decades, until I came along!
....It all comes from the top. They could have easily stopped the plague, but they didn’t!

“Concast” should open up a long overdue Florida Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough. I know him and Crazy Mika well, used them beautifully in the last Election, dumped them nicely, and will state on the record that he is “nuts”. Besides, bad ratings! 
Great Jobs Numbers!
 Jim Jordan Slams “Crazy” Attempt to Continue Flynn Case 🔥🔥🔥
 Project Veritas Video: Antifa Chapter Head Admits Soros Funding, Association With Tom Steyer 👇
 Speaker Pelosi still refuses to consider any plan to allow the House to operate or function remotely. Sidelining and para…
Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you!  
Getting great reviews, finally, for how well we are handling the pandemic, especially our strong production of desperately needed ventilators, the building of field hospitals ; beds, and soon, the great things we are doing on testing. People are really working well together!
White House news conference at 5:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
 So when  activists legally open carry in VA or Mich, it's a natl story that every governor across the country knows abo…
 Just announced: over $33 million in funding from the HHS has been released to  hospitals. I will continue to work to…
 Safeguarding our nation’s food supply is a critical component necessary to defeat the spread of coronavirus. I support th…
Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via
 Sweden becomes country with highest coronavirus death rate per capita
Spokesman speaks stupidly on behalf of China, trying desperately to deflect the pain and carnage that their country spread throughout the world. Its disinformation and propaganda attack on the United States and Europe is a disgrace....

And I’m Endorsing you also Lacy, you truly deserve it. You are doing a great job, and Omar is a disaster who wants much higher taxes, hates our Military ; our Vets, demands Open Borders, and is fighting to take away our great 2nd Amendment. Good luck Lacy! 

 I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
 Trump just called to "enact school choice now""School choice is a big deal... because access to education is the civi…
 ; third place anchor, are doing everything in their power to demean our Country, much to the benefit of the Radical Left Democrats. Tonight they put on yet another Fake “Whistleblower”, a disgruntled employee who supports Dems, fabricates stories, ;...
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 The debates with are going to be a bloodbath 
We can’t let the Fake News, and their partner, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, get away with stealing the Election. They tried that in 2016. How did that work out?
Wow! 
 LIVE: President holds a press briefing 

Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!
 We should just vote by FedEx. Oh wait, you’ll need an ID.
 Tom Fitton: “There Needs to be A Criminal Investigation of the Special Counsel”… 
Republicans love the biggest Tax Cuts, Rebuilt Military, Choice for Vets, saving 2nd Amendment and many other things my Administration has done, but what they love beyond all else is 252 (so far!) Federal Judges, not including two great Supreme Court Justices. A Big Record!
 So the anarchists are building a... border wall. Okey-dokey.
 Why did Susan Rice need to send herself an email telling herself that Obama said the Flynn issue was being handled "by t…
  if President Trump should withhold federal funds to states that try to STEAL our elections with voter fraud!
THANK YOU!   
 We already knew that James Comey's FBI was out to get General Flynn and President Trump. But it was worse than we thoug…
 President just met with on Coronavirus testing, financial assistance, and planning a great come…
Mexico is sadly experiencing very big CoronaVirus problems, and now California, get this, doesn’t want people coming over the Southern Border. A Classic! They are sooo lucky that I am their President. Border is very tight and the Wall is rapidly being built!
“New York Governor Cuomo says President Trump has been “very helpful.”  Thank you, everybody is working very hard!
 Joe Biden's leftward lurch, especially the pick of Kamala Harris, has hurt him in Pennsylvania where fracking is a major…
 President has negotiated better trade deals that brought back American jobs and American manufacturing.…
 White House Press Secretary President public-private partnership is DELIVERING!✅Over…
 There is only ONE person in Seattle who has the backbone to be Mayor.Mr. This Is Library 
 Joe Biden’s comments are the most arrogant and condescending thing I’ve heard in a very long time. I am offended, but…
...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!
I watched a portion of low rated (very) Morning Psycho (Joe) this Morning in order to see what Nancy Pelosi had to say, ; what moves she was planning to further hurt our Country. Actually, other than her usual complaining that I’m a terrible person, she wasn’t bad. Still praying!
 Sculpted by an Italian immigrant who helped build Grand Central Station and his son, given as a gift during the Great Depres…
 President "We're working very hard with New Jersey." 
I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed.
With interest rates for the United States being at ZERO, this is the time to do our decades long awaited Infrastructure Bill. It should be VERY BIG ; BOLD, Two Trillion Dollars, and be focused solely on jobs and rebuilding the once great infrastructure of our Country! Phase 4
State of Nevada “thinks” that they can send out illegal vote by mail ballots, creating a great Voter Fraud scenario for the State and the U.S. They can’t! If they do, “I think” I can hold up funds to the State. Sorry, but you must not cheat in elections.
Some wacko in China just released a statement blaming everybody other than China for the Virus which has now killed hundreds of thousands of people. Please explain to this dope that it was the “incompetence of China”, and nothing else, that did this mass Worldwide killing!
....Roger Stone has been treated very unfairly. How about that jury Forewoman, does anybody think that was fair. DISGRACEFUL! Stay tuned.  And guys like Low Ratings Psycho Joe Scarborough are allowed to walk the streets? Open Cold Case!
I am proud to announce that the Maryland Aviation Administration  will receive $87.8M in CARES Act Airport Grants funding to support aviation and keep commerce moving at this important gateway to the U.S. Capital Region. Very important for economic recovery!
Over 120 MILLION Economic Impact Payments have already gone out to hardworking Americans! If you haven’t yet received your payment, go to  and click on “GET MY PAYMENT” to receive your money FAST!
 Despite my call to Speaker Pelosi to establish a clear, safe, and effective plan for reopening the House of Representatives,…
Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to and They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!
 It should dominate the news
 Prepare for the onslaught of "Trump's rallies are literally the most dangerous thing on planet earth right now" pieces from…
 Huge story, if true. Worthy of serious investigation.
 Cuomo: People are stealing medical supplies from hospitalsTrump: People are stealing medical supplies from hospitalsCuomo:…
 Media bias is not just in the stories that get covered, but the ones that don't. Total blackout on the insanity in Seattle…
My team is closely monitoring the flooding in Central Michigan – Stay SAFE and listen to local officials. Our brave First Responders are once again stepping up to serve their fellow citizens, THANK YOU!
Now that our Country is “Transitioning back to Greatness”, I am considering rescheduling the G-7, on the same or similar date, in Washington, D.C., at the legendary Camp David. The other members are also beginning their COMEBACK. It would be a great sign to all - normalization!
$49.8M is on its way to Airport to aid in economic recovery. This Federal funding will support aviation in the Dallas area ; keep aviation workers on the job ; commerce moving at one of our important medium hub airports. Proud to support our friends in Dallas!
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 Trump gets bump in latest Gallup Poll:49% approval (+6, tied for his best)47% disapproval (-7)
MSDNC and FAKE NEWS CNN are going wild trying to protect China!
 Israel strikes its second peace deal with an Arab nation in the past month. First the UAE, now Bahrain.  Previous Admin…
 So true
Great news for the Dallas area! Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DA) will be receiving $229M in funding to keep front line workers, and the many riders that depend on transit, employed and safe. This will be critical to economic recovery!

 Fraternal Order of Police endorses Trump in 2020 race
 Another Columbus statue bites the dust.  
 A third Christopher Columbus goes down.
 LIVE: POTUS Delivers Remarks on Protecting America's Seniors 
Thank you Mike! 
THANK YOU  
 I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
 China is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have Sleepy Joe Biden win the presidential…
 As a result of President tough actions on the Tennessee Valley Authority, the is now changing co…
STRONG ; UNITED, WE WILL PREVAIL! 
....beginning, was forced to apologize (Fake News!) after the seriously wrong call of the 2016 Election, and is now willing to write anything, even if not truthful. He laughs at his boss, Publisher A.G. Sulzberger, and I laugh at them all. The is a total mess!
 Our doctors and healthcare professionals are on the front lines of the coronavirus pandemic. Our prayers are with you as…
 is to be seriously respected. He has long been considered one of the dumbest men in the world of journalism, and he became Executive Editor of the Failing New York Times. Not easy to do. He has given up on “figuring Trump out”. Called it all wrong from the....
 President in New Jersey: We sent millions of medical supplies to New Jersey, provided $3.4 billion in emerg…
 It happened 'following a peaceful demonstration...'
....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany! 
Tom Tiffany  is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
 This is a critical milestone. Two therapeutic antibodies are now in the clinic with more on the way. These drugs can b…
Vote by May 12th! His opponent voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now she’s mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in  
  to produce 50,000 ventilators in Michigan in next 100 days; partnering with 
 LIVE: President holds a Cabinet meeting 
3 years ago, after Jeff Sessions recused himself, the Fraudulent Mueller Scam began. Alabama, do not trust Jeff Sessions. He let our Country down. That’s why I endorsed Coach Tommy Tuberville  the true supporter of our  agenda!  
Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  
 Deep State Misconduct:  calls for a criminal investigation into Mueller’s special counsel team for potentially obs…
 On  we recognize the remarkable men ; women who treat their fellow Americans, find cures for the d…
Just departed the for the Great State of Michigan! 
Ashley Hinson  will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, ; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our  Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 CLUELESS. 100% out of touch with reality.
 Governor Phil Murphy: President "knows New Jersey. He and his team have been extremely responsive in our hou…
 New DOJ/Flynn docs are stamped w SCO as in Special Counsels Office Did Mueller have these docs? Why did his team sit o…

Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!
....Hahn, Richard Goodstein, Donna Brazile, Niel Cavuto, and many others. They repeat the worst of the Democrat speaking points, and lies. All of the good is totally nullified, and more. Net Result = BAD! CNN ; MSDNC are all in for the Do Nothing Democrats! Fox WAS Great!
Many will disagree, but is doing nothing to help Republicans, and me, get re-elected on November 3rd. Sure, there are some truly GREAT people on Fox, but you also have some real “garbage” littered all over the network, people like Dummy Juan Williams, Schumerite Chris...
Lisa Scheller  will fight for the incredible people of Pennsylvania in Congress! She strongly supports our Military, Vets, Small Businesses and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 Amazing. truly has the best volunteers, and it’s going to pay off big time come Election Day! 
 Congratulations to is a dedicated public servant. He'll do a great job for President Trump and our co…
 They should now be barred from federal government contracts - there should be consequences for not selling technology t…
“The only thing we got wrong is that it was even worse (the corruption) than we thought.”  DIY COPS!
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 Thanks for your kind words Rudy, and for all you've done for the nation and  
 It’s clear Robert Mueller was in no condition to run his investigation — so who did?This is the same CON the Democrats…
 BOOM: obliterates CNN ⬇️"I want to keep the country calm."The coronavirus "will go away.""We're…
DOJ: Democrats Paid Pennsylvania Election Officials to Stuff Ballot Box  via
How do you think China, Russia, Japan or others would do with him in a negotiation? We would have no Country left!!! 
David Young  is a champion for Iowa! He helped us pass the Trump Tax Cuts and he will always fight for our Small Businesses, Military, the Second Amendment and our Great Farmers! David has my Complete ; Total Endorsement!  
 "You know the rapidly rising umm uh in with uh with I don't know." - Joe Biden. 
  is Ultimately Responsible for Dirty Investigation into
 The President's fourth directive today extends relief to student loan borrowers through the end of the year. 
 Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
 A great comfort to the City during 9/11. It is once again a great comfort. Thank you  
 Does anyone else find it strange:Just three days after Attorney General Barr announces the DOJ will prosecute hoarders…
 WATCH: Despite looking down at his notes during his TV interview, Joe Biden was still unable to make any sense. 
Congressman Dan Meuser  is a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania! Dan loves our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment – a real supporter of our  agenda. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 We send our love to all those affected by the flooding near Midland. 
 Something seems rotten in Flynn's case — my colum ... 
 President is at Rawsonville Plant!America's workers make our Nation proud! 🇺🇸 
 LIVE: POTUS Delivers Remarks at Ford Rawsonville Components Plant 
 From Israel-UAE to Serbia-Kosovo, has accomplished more for peace in the last month than President Obam…
 Dear  Why has stopped allowing me new followers?Your blatant censorship of  is election i…
 President first executive order today provides a payroll tax holiday to Americans earning less than $100…
 Donald Trump donated his salary to fight the virus, Nancy Pelosi asked for a raise.This is all you really need to know.

Join me Friday (10/16) in Ocala, Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE!  
Congressman Lloyd Smucker  is working hard for the people of Pennsylvania! Lloyd strongly supports the Second Amendment, and he’s fighting for our incredible Workers, Military and Vets. Lloyd has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Trump banned Critical Race Theory, told off the Military Industrial Complex, announced he’s bringing the troops home, got…
THANK YOU MISSISSIPPI!  
Exciting to see our Country starting to open up again! 
The Republican Party has not yet voted on a Platform. No rush. I prefer a new and updated Platform, short form, if possible.
 Tremendous work by While the rest of the media was credulous and lazy about this case, it dug in with real rep…
 This is incredible 
 We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that we…
 

Congressman Scott Perry  is an incredible fighter for Pennsylvania! He served our country as an Army General and now he fights for our Seniors, Vets, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Shame on not visiting 911 Caller in WI! As AG in SF, a judge had to intervene for her violating a defenda…
Join me Friday (10/16) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon, Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport!  
THANK YOU MISSOURI!  
A big winner. Congratulations! 
Hello! 
 The CCP’s Military-Civil Fusion strategy blurs the distinction between Chinese military ; civilian end-users. I commend t…
Oil prices moving up nicely as demand begins again!

THANK YOU MICHIGAN!  
OIL (ENERGY) IS BACK!!!!
LOSER! 
Sleepy Joe  is wrong again! 
Congressman Fred Keller  has been doing a phenomenal job in Congress since his special election! He strongly supports our Vets, Small Businesses, Workers, and the Second Amendment. Fred has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Congressman Glenn “GT” Thompson  is a hard worker for Pennsylvania! The "Dean of the Delegation", he strongly supports our incredible Farmers, Vets and the Second Amendment. “GT” has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 With interest rates for the United States being at ZERO, this is the time to do our decades long awaited Infrastructur…
 I watched a portion of low rated (very) Morning Psycho (Joe) this Morning in order to see what Nancy Pelosi had to say…
Heading to Arizona!
So the so-called HHS Whistleblower was against HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE. Then why did he make, and sign, an emergency use authorization? said, “He shared his concerns with a reporter.” In other words, he LEAKED. A dumb hit job on a grandstanding Never Trumper!
We are with them! 
 Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will p…
 DEVELOPING: Investigators have learned that Obama CIA Director John Brennan ran a secret task force out of Langley with it…
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 
“Do you think Suburban Women want to Defund the Police? I don’t think so.”
 The always careful  is even more cautious here, but he and  are pointing in the same direction…
Great news! American families will now be able to buy safer, more affordable, and environmentally friendly cars with our new SAFE VEHICLES RULE. Get rid of those old, unsafe clunkers. Build better and safer American cars and create American jobs. Buy American!
 Good things happen to great people who have backbone ; conviction! On Friday, Erica Enders added  to both side…
....(which is under siege), is strong on Crime and the Border, and truly LOVES our Military and our Vets. He will be a great Senator for the people of Alabama. Coach Tommy Tuberville, a winner, has my Complete and Total Endorsement. I love Alabama!
Tommy Tuberville  is running for the U.S. Senate from the Great State of Alabama. Tommy was a terrific head football coach at Auburn University. He is a REAL LEADER who will never let MAGA/KAG, or our Country, down! Tommy will protect your Second Amendment....
Another $298M heading to adding up to over $2B in federal funding from so far, part of the $3.9B total from the CARES Act. This is critical to keeping essential personnel moving and aiding metro NYC in recovery. We are here for the people of New York!
Congressman Mike Kelly  is an incredible advocate for Pennsylvania! He fights to Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, Protect our Borders, and Defend the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Interview with at 1:00 P.M. on Outnumbered Overtime
 Our supporters are working hard every day and getting the message out about leadership. We’re going t…
 Why is the DACA executive order a valid thing per SCOTUS but not this?
Governors should let roads and highway construction begin before heavy traffic starts, which will be soon. Some Governors never stopped, which proved to be very smart. They built and fixed roads during long no traffic periods. Also, saved big dollars!
 1. President Trump had no choice but to issue the Executive Orders this afternoon, and given that Obama instituted DACA…
Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT  
My Administration is helping U.S. auto workers by replacing the failed Obama Emissions Rule. Impossible to satisfy its Green New Deal Standard; Lots of unnecessary and expensive penalties to car buyers!
Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below!  
 President is using the Defense Production Act to ensure that Americans have a reliable supply of beef, por…
....On Monday, the flags will be at half-staff in honor of the men and women in our Military who have made the Ultimate Sacrifice for our Nation.
I will be lowering the flags on all Federal Buildings and National Monuments to half-staff over the next three days in memory of the Americans we have lost to the CoronaVirus....
Sean  has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Seattle Mayor says, about the anarchists takeover of her city, “it is a Summer of Love”. These Liberal Dems don’t have a clue. The terrorists burn and pillage our cities, and they think it is just wonderful, even the death. Must end this Seattle takeover now!
 President We are going to build the greatest economy in the world AGAIN! 
 President The Democrats want us to fail so they can win an election which they’re not going to win 
 Just think of it as DACA for Americans needing relief from unemployment and payroll taxes.
THANK YOU NOH DAKOTA!  
 In a democrat America rioting and looting are acceptable. Going down an aisle the wrong way in Publix without a mask is an a…
 New poll in key electoral states....5,408 likely voters: AZ, FL, MI, NC, PA, WI leads 4…
Congressman Guy Reschenthaler  is doing tremendous work for the people of Pennsylvania! A Navy veteran, Guy strongly supports our Vets, Borders, and always votes to uphold the Rule of Law. Guy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Congressman John Joyce  is a fighter for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania! John loves our Vets, Military and Small Businesses and always defends Life and the Second Amendment. John has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3500, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Positive impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
...We need Corky in Washington – he has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
THANK YOU WASHINGTON!  
Corky Messner  will be a fantastic Senator for New Hampshire! A West Point graduate, he served our Country in the Army with distinction. Strong on Jobs, Crime, Vets, Military and the Second Amendment...
Biden Handlers know this is a lie! 
 Excited to join today on Air Force One for his visit to a facility in Arizona! 
....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare, cost or otherwise, or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!
I have done more for farmers and ranchers than any President in history, and it has been my honor in doing so! 
 ADDENDUM:This is 100% correct.CHIEF JUSTICE ROBES HIMSELF OPENED UP THE DOOR FOR THIS WITH THAT DACA RULING JUST L…
Pocahontas, working in conjunction with the Democrat Party, totally destroyed the campaign of Bernie Sanders. If she would have quit 3 days earlier, Sanders would have beaten Biden in a route, it wouldn’t even have been close. They also got two other losers to support Sleepy Joe!
  rips “Their rules allow them to go to San Francisco, get their hair done, and then they…
 Arizona is proud to welcome to our state today! We are very thankful for his leadership in addressing 
We need back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 🔥This amazing American is on FIRE❗️🔥Leo on Bidens racist comments: “Blacks are INDIVIDUALS. We don’t vote…
How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always.....
 Since the first days of this pandemic, President has brought a whole of America response ; we’re making gr…
...rebuilding America’s infrastructure with projects like the Portal North Bridge, which I have given authorization to proceed!
Will be starting The White House news conference at 5:15 P.M. Eastern.
Just finished dinner in Bedminster, New Jersey, with Governor Phil Murphy  and his wonderful wife, Tammy. Talked about many things, including the opening of the beautiful Garden State, getting people back to work, and...
THANK YOU IDAHO!  
 Honored to join President on board Air Force One today! 🇺🇸
THANK YOU!  
Admiral Ronny Jackson  is a very successful doctor and Navy Veteran running for Congress in  Strong on Crime, the Border and Agriculture — and he loves our Vets! Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Ronny! 
Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad (and sick!) people!
Great work thank you! 
 Under President leadership, we gave and the authority under the Defense Production Act to i…
Dirty Cop! 
...We have already had ticket requests in excess of 200,000 people. I look forward to seeing everyone in Oklahoma!
 TONIGHT AT 8 PM EASTERN, AG BILL BARR IS MY GUEST FOR THE FULL HOUR ON LIFE, LIBY ; LEVIN ON FOX!  IF YOU CAN'T WATCH…
...of respect for this Holiday, and in observance of this important occasion and all that it represents. I have therefore decided to move our rally to Saturday, June 20th, in order to honor their requests...
Action must be taken! 
 Take a look inside the cockpit of the as they zoom over the USS Harry S. Truman! 
 Wow!
 3 years ago, after Jeff Sessions recused himself, the Fraudulent Mueller Scam began. Alabama, do not trust Jeff Sessio…
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 President “We’ve spent 8 trillion dollars in the Middle East and we’re not fixing our roads.” 
I do! 
 With 99% reporting in Michigan, has 637,000+ votes, absolutely crushing previous Republican and Democrat  i…
 With 100% Reporting in Missouri, (299K) received over FOUR TIMES the number of votes President Obama (6…
Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!
Thank you Jack! 
 See you in less than 1 hour on Fox (8 PM eastern), when I sit down with AG Barr for the entire show!  Please don’t miss…
For the constant criticism from the Do Nothing Democrats and their Fake News partners, here is the newest chart on our great testing “miracle" compared to other countries. Dems and LameStream Media should be proud of the USA, instead of always ripping us down! 
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer was on a late night show using a false talking point over ; over again. “We don’t have enough testing ,” he would repeat, when he knows we have done a great job on Testing, just like we have on Ventilators and everything else. He lied, gave NY SALT. Run AOC!
 “People are looking for hope— something to unify this country. That’s exactly what this President is doing.”
Big day for JUSTICE. Congratulations John! 
Caught in the act! 
This is Fake News by the failing ; bad ratings Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 
 Michigan helped put over the top in 2016, and we are seeing record-breaking enthusiasm for him tonight,…
The Do Nothing Democrats and their leader, the Fake News Lamestream Media, are doing everything possible to hurt and disparage our Country. No matter what we do or say, no matter how big a win, they report that it was a loss, or not good enough. The Enemy of the People!

Watch Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!
30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD  
 Because he deserved to be ridiculed.
 It does not matter which career politician Democrats nominate just scored big wins in MISSOURI and MI…
 
 
DOJ? 
 House Democrats held another fake  hearing today. Their own witness agreed that it’s time to go back to work.…
 DOJ: Democrats Paid Pennsylvania Election Officials to Stuff Ballot Box  via
 CONGRATULATIONS Director John Ratcliffe!
 "Opportunity Zones is more than just a program. It's more than just a concept. It is a mission."  
 From “What the President is doing is listening to law enforcement ; stakeholders on both sides ; figuring o…
You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans! 
 who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”.
Remember this? Happy  
Cryin Chuck Schumer, compared to what other Senators have brought home to their states, has brought very little back to N.Y. A totally overrated loser, the one thing he has given them is SALT. He never even called me to stop it. No wonder Cuomo ; most others can’t stand him. AOC!


 California has a long history of megadroughts that pre-date SUVs.People can either manage forests intelligently or natur…
The Governor of Michigan should give a little, and put out the fire. These are very good people, but they are angry. They want their lives back again, safely! See them, talk to them, make a deal.
Congress must pass the old, and very strongly proven, deductibility by businesses on restaurants and entertainment. This will bring restaurants, and everything related, back - and stronger than ever. Move quickly, they will all be saved!
 THANK YOU!  
So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!
 Earlier today, President and the Vice President met with executives from America’s largest health insuranc…
 Congratulations General Keane on receiving our nation’s highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Thank…
 One of President top priorities is making sure that hourly wage workers have the flexibility they need i…
 Congratulations on winning the MICHIGAN primary!For years, I watched the Democrat Party fail my state…
  is the right choice for Director of National Intelligence – and for America.
He’s BOTH! 
Criminal Justice Reform. I got it done!!! 
Thank you Johnstown, Pennsylvania! 
 
 Thank you!
So bad! 
We are getting the Commercial Fishing Industry in Maine back on track (will be better than ever) after suffering years of stupidity and abuse from the previous administration. Already got 5000 square miles back and available to fish. China ; E.U. told to drop their Tariffs now!!! 
 Trump gets bump in latest Gallup Poll:49% approval (+6, tied for his best)47% disapproval (-7)
 Imagine what these crooks would have done to the people they were investing in their hoax had they done the same!
 Vice President We would be in a very different place if President did not suspend all travel f…
Thank you Gavin. Team is doing a great job! 
Most of the money raised by the RINO losers of the so-called “Lincoln Project”, goes into their own pockets. With what I’ve done on Judges, Taxes, Regulations, Healthcare, the Military, Vets (Choice!) ; protecting our great 2A, they should love Trump. Problem is, I BEAT THEM ALL!
I will never let you down!  
RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Upon information and belief, Iran or its proxies are planning a sneak attack on U.S. troops and/or assets in Iraq. If this happens, Iran will pay a very heavy price, indeed!
 • Obama-Biden IRS targeted conservatives before 2012 election. • Obama-Biden FBI targeted President Trump before 2016 ele…
 Why doesn’t put up the CNBC POLL or the (believe it or not!) Poll? Hope Roger A is looking down and watc…
  should fire their Fake Pollster. Never had a good Fox Poll!
This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, Pennsylvania WINS, and America WINS! 
 I'm pleased to report that at President request, all the insurance companies at the today ag…
Vanity Fair Magazine, which will soon be out of business, and their third rate Fake reporters, who make up sources which don’t exist, wrote yet another phony ; boring hit piece. The facts are just the opposite. Our team is doing a great job with CoronaVirus!
Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!
 We are leveraging the incredible power of American manufacturers and suppliers to make, procure, and deliver crucial medica…
 “We're at war with COVID-19, we're at war with terrorists, and we are at war with the drug cartels . . . We're the United S…
 We are fighting the Coronavirus on every possible front—and we will achieve total victory with the help of the American peo…
“President Trump is leading Joe Biden (D) in the battleground state of Pennsylvania 50.2 percent to 45.5 percent...This is significant, as it reflects a 4.7 percent jump from the previous survey.” 
Concast  and Fake News are going out of their way to say GREAT things about China. They are Chinese puppets who want to do business there. They use USA airwaves to help China. The Enemy of the People!
 ....beginning, was forced to apologize (Fake News!) after the seriously wrong call of the 2016 Election, and is now wi…
 HARRIS IS A GREAT AMERICAN! 
Patriots! 
 Texas is 100% Trump Country!
 I just collated the data from the four Special Counsel's Office (SCO) iPhone inventory logs, equipment return logs, et…
 2—Four of the phone IDs appear in the inventory logs but are either missing or marked as "N/A" in the records officer'…
Well run States should not be bailing out poorly run States, using CoronaVirus as the excuse! The elimination of Sanctuary Cities, Payroll Taxes, and perhaps Capital Gains Taxes, must be put on the table. Also lawsuit indemnification ; business deductions for restaurants ; ent.
Someone needs to tell the Democrats in Congress that CoronaVirus doesn’t care what party you are in. We need to protect ALL Americans!
...It wouldn’t matter if you got ten times what was needed, it would never be good enough. Unlike other states, New York unfortunately got off to a late start. You should have pushed harder. Stop complaining ; find out where all of these supplies are going. Cuomo working hard!
We could all learn something from this. Great interview by 
Somebody please explain to Cryin’ Chuck Schumer that we do have a military man in charge of distributing goods, a very talented Admiral, in fact. New York has gotten far more than any other State, including hospitals ; a hospital ship, but no matter what, always complaining.....
....Together we will Fight for Small Businesses and Protect American Energy workers! Shelley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Senator Shelley Moore Capito  is doing a tremendous job for the great people of West Virginia! She strongly defends our Second Amendment, Supports our Veterans and is Strong on Life and the Border....
Wow! Congratulations to Greg Gutfeld, a one time Trump Hater who has come all the way home. His Ratings easily beat no talent Stephen Colbert, nice guy Jimmy Fallon, and wacko “last placer” Jimmy Kimmel. Greg built his show from scratch, and did a great job in doing so.
 Cavuto’s losing to CNN. Can’t imagine why. What an asshole.
  is to be seriously respected. He has long been considered one of the dumbest men in the world of journali…
 Members of Biden’s campaign bailed out rioters in Minneapolis. His running mate solicited donations to the group doing this.…
 Big Tech is utterly terrifying right now. The World Health Organization is not our master and they are dangerously wrong w…
Concast is known for its terrible service. On top of that they provide FAKE NEWS on MSDNC ; Drop them and go to a good provider! 
Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People!  
Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!
....Together we are putting into policy a plan to prevent, detect, treat and create a vaccine against CoronaVirus to save lives in America and the world. America will get it done!
....have been stocked up and ready long before this crisis hit. Other states are thrilled with the job we have done. Sending many Ventilators today, with thousands being built. 51 large cargo planes coming in with medical supplies. Prefer sending directly to hospitals.
Massive amounts of medical supplies, even hospitals and medical centers, are being delivered directly to states and hospitals by the Federal Government. Some have insatiable appetites ; are never satisfied (politics?). Remember, we are a backup for them. The complainers should...
Getting ready to land in the Great State of Arizona!
We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!
For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
 So just took down a June 23 interview that Scott Atlas  did with his employer, Stanford's b…
Soon heading to West Point Graduation to give the Commencement Address. Will be shown live on plus. Enjoy!
 First lady Melania Trump thanked students for helping to keep the country safe and acknowledged recent changes they’ve had to make…
Sean Parnell is a Star. We need him in Washington to Drain the Swamp! 

 Our surgeon general is a very good communicator. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Is this even possible to believe? Can this be for real? Where is this nursing home, how is the victim doing?
  doesn’t care if you’re a Democrat or a Republican. He has shown he is willing to work with everyone,…
 Tomorrow's  flyover serves as a salute to frontline  responders. 🇺🇸 
 LIVE: President at Presidential Recognition Ceremony 
 UFC’s gives one of the best “vote for Trump” speeches I’ve heard!
America is the Greatest Country in the world. We have the best scientists, doctors, nurses and health care professionals. They are amazing people who do phenomenal things every day....
 Antitrust jurisprudence and regulation in the U.S. needs to be modernized on many fronts, especially to tackle the problem of mul…
USA will be bigger and stronger than ever before! 
 Places of worship are ESSENTIAL.President reaffirmed his support for the First Amendment by announcing new…
The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled.  
On  we recognize the countless men and women who dedicate their lives to instilling character, integrity, and knowledge in the hearts and minds of our Nation’s students, thank you! 
Thank you Nick. Hear the book is doing well (go get it everyone. Make this great writer number one!). 
 Joe Biden is not okay. 
Will be doing a major interview tonight at 6:30 P.M. Eastern with on Tonight.
CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works ; Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
 The socialist Left, along with their allies in Antifa and in the mainstream media, seeks to beat us into submission.But…
 💯 Great idea!
No Voter Fraud! 
All things that I have GOTTEN DONE, including Criminal Justice Reform! 
....We have the greatest healthcare system, experts, scientists and doctors anywhere in the world. Together, we will PREVAIL!
I want to thank all of our Great Government officials on the CoronaVirus Task Force who are working around the clock, in response to the CoronaVirus. Continue to check  for updates, and follow all recommendations that are available....
No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 
 FDNY members show their appreciation for 100 National Ambulance Contract units as they deploy back home after 30 days spent…
 There are three types of people... 
I am fully prepared to use the full power of the Federal Government to deal with our current challenge of the CoronaVirus!

 President honored several individuals today who have responded to this invisible enemy with courage, deter…
 "One of the main reasons got elected in the first place was Barack Obama"  
 The Wacky Do Nothing Attorney General of Michigan, Dana Nessel, is viciously threatening Ford Motor Company for the fa…
 Mr. President With total respect and recognizing you are doing more than any President has .. Please have
 Hospital industry lobbyists who gave $1m+ to convinced him to send thousands of grandparents to their deaths in o…
I was thrilled to be back in the Great State of Arizona with the incredible, patriotic, and hardworking men and women of 
Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor You have my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Vote for Michelle – a real winner!  
 Well... 🇺🇸👀🇺🇸👀🇺🇸👀
 The greatest economy in history is coming back! 🇺🇸 
 Do nothing A.G. of the Great State of Michigan, Dana Nessel, should not be taking her anger and stupidity out on Ford…

 Great to hear! CA’s Gov Newsom about me just be candid with you. I’d be lying to you to say that…
 “The last time America faced an economic downturn, Michigan suffered mightily. is working overtime to m…
 WATCH: Joe Biden senior advisor says she “does not enjoy” being asked about Biden’s support for the 1994 crime bill. Bi…
...And we’re not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex, but beautiful, puzzle! 
 Facebook has reportedly disabled the account of former U.S. Marine Corps Sergeant John “Tig” Tiegen, one of the men who…
I will be addressing the Nation this evening at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern) from the Oval Office.
  has some shady folks on his VP listWarren — lied about her heritageRice — lied about Russian collusi…
 Owners of Sammy’s Mexican Restaurant to President Latinos are going to vote for you because you’re doing a…
 “As one grateful nation, we proclaim: God bless our health care workers!” - in Michigan 
 My Op-Ed  Hypocrisy on Riots Reveals Political Nature of Coronavirus Lockdowns | Opinion 
“The States have to get the money to the people who need it.”  And FAST!
 If you must travel, take these steps to protect yourself ; others from  during your trip.  
 A big win for patients and the first building block in what will be an improving toolbox for reducing death and diseas…
The Media should view this as a time of unity and strength. We have a common enemy, actually, an enemy of the World, the CoronaVirus. We must beat it as quickly and safely as possible. There is nothing more important to me than the life ; safety of the United States!
The Wacky Do Nothing Attorney General of Michigan, Dana Nessel, is viciously threatening Ford Motor Company for the fact that I inspected a Ventilator plant without a mask. Not their fault, ; I did put on a mask. No wonder many auto companies left Michigan, until I came along!
...And Sleepy Joe! 
 Will be doing a major interview tonight at 6:30 P.M. Eastern with on Tonight.
They want to totally destroy our great Police Departments. No way!!! 
Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
 USA will be bigger and stronger than ever before!
 Majority agree will beat Biden, 51%-43%, Trump base strong, owns union workers, and also…
Just spoke to my friend MBS (Crown Prince) of Saudi Arabia, who spoke with President Putin of Russia, ; I expect ; hope that they will be cutting back approximately 10 Million Barrels, and maybe substantially more which, if it happens, will be GREAT for the oil ; gas industry!
 Joe Biden put in charge of his radical $93 TRILLION Green New Deal task force.AOC and Biden's extremist agenda will EN…


Do nothing A.G. of the Great State of Michigan, Dana Nessel, should not be taking her anger and stupidity out on Ford Motor - they might get upset with you and leave the state, like so many other companies have - until I came along and brought business back to Michigan. JOBS!
 I don’t want to hear another damn word from Stelter, Tapper, Rucker et al. about the critical role they play as guardia…
Pathetic! 
 Positivity rates for covid19 testing nationally are starting to decline as testing expands sharply and we move more te…
.....Could be as high as 15 Million Barrels. Good (GREAT) news for everyone!
Don’t allow RIGGED ELECTIONS! 
Hoping to get the payroll tax cut approved by both Republicans and Democrats, and please remember, very important for all countries ; businesses to know that trade will in no way be affected by the 30-day restriction on travel from Europe. The restriction stops people not goods.
 Thank you Dr. Lockwood and medical staff at for your contributions and perspective on Florida‘s fight against…
 
Sleepy Joe cannot bring us to greatness. He is the reason I’m here! 
Thank you Frank. Fredo’s ratings are really bad, more than 50% down. A loser!!! 
His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
 77% of Americans are confident in the Trump Administration’s ability to handle the coronavirus.Just 58% of Americans w…
 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Thank you! 
Who are the 4%? A RINO or two! 
30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD 
I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster! 
 RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GR…
So true! 
 For the constant criticism from the Do Nothing Democrats and their Fake News partners, here is the newest chart on our…
Happy Birthday Matt. GREAT JOB! 

 MUST WATCH!! Best Trump Ad Ever!! 📺"FIGHTER," Starts Airing TODAY Nationwide!! 
Virginia, VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment. 
 Big Media relentlessly pushed the world-damaging Russia collusion conspiracy hoax. They may be the last people on earth wh…
 We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (…
Thank you 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 You gotta love love love. Trump 2020! Best President America has ever had.
 The FBI knew Michael Flynn wasn’t colluding with Russia, so it plotted to ‘get him to lie.’ New documents reveal that, by…
 May 20th, 2020 Trump polls ahead of Biden in battleground states Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Maine…
 America can NEVER become a socialist nation.I am incredibly excited for the next big movie to be releas…
 Stunning Silence: says when it comes to sexual assault allegations against Joe Biden, it’s as if the “Me Too” mo…
 Schumer's threat to the Court that "you will pay the price" is a direct attack on the integrity of our courts. I critic…
 A lawsuit seeking to extend Virginia’s voter registration deadline was filed Tuesday night after the state’s Department of E…
 A big thanks to all the workers of ups, usps, Amazon, etc. who are still going to work every day risking their health…
 President Trump is beating Biden by 7+ points in the latest CNN poll. And you can add 10% just because it’…
A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
“Nancy Pelosi all of a sudden doesn’t like the payroll tax cut, but when Obama proposed it she thought it was a brilliant thing that all of the working families would benefit from because if you get a paycheck, you’re going to take home more money.”
....price. You should drop out of the race ; pray that super liberal a weak ; pathetic puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi ; Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, gets beaten badly. He voted for impeachment based on “ZERO”. Disgraced Alabama. Coach will be a GREAT Senator!
Jeff, you had your chance ; you blew it. Recused yourself ON DAY ONE (you never told me of a problem), and ran for the hills. You had no courage, ; ruined many lives. The dirty cops, ; others, got caught by better ; stronger people than you. Hopefully this slime will pay a big... 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!
There is tremendous CoronaVirus testing capacity in Washington for the Senators returning to Capital Hill on Monday. Likewise the House, which should return but isn’t because of Crazy Nancy P. The 5 minute Abbott Test will be used. Please inform Dr. Brian P. Monahan.
White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!
  "The President has put the Nation's 30 million small businesses front and center in the response effort." 
 The Senate is back in session. But the House is missing in action. Our latest op-ed. 
 this has been a deliberate attempt to make data that was not scary look scary.while we're on that topic, the other big d…
 From on  The next few months will be hard. We'll get through this. Ultimately we'll have a tre…
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
The Fake News has reached an all time high!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 When two dozen phones belonging to Robert Mueller’s crooked henchmen magically all get erased how is anyone supposed to…
On behalf of our entire nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible West Point Class of 2020! 
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, just out, highest ever Approval Rating overall in the new Gallup Poll, and shows “Trump beating Sleepy Joe Biden.”

We hit 3M hard today after seeing what they were doing with their Masks. “P Act” all the way. Big surprise to many in government as to what they were doing - will have a big price to pay!
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
 We updated our data on total  testing capacity in U.S. Remember, our figures for total capacity do not ref…
 Princeton University group studies 3 months of Black Lives Matter protests. Intent is to show they are 'overwhelmingly peace…
 Biden Megadonor Owns The Atlantic, Reportedly Communicates Often With Journalist Behind Anonymously-Sourced Trump Bombshell h…
 
 Just now, President welcomed incredible healthcare warriors to the Oval Office in honor of National Nurses…
 This is Lee Keltner. He is the victim of the Denver shooting. He made cowboy hats.Denver has a DemocRat mayor Pray f…
 We’ll get through this. It’ll end. We have two hard months ahead of us. We need to sacrifice some of the trappings of…
 WATCH: explains Joe Biden's long pattern of taking Black voters for granted."Joe Biden thinks that the…
 This morning, Joe Biden said “If you have a problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump, then you ain't black."…
 🚨STAY VIGILANT 🚨There’s no fee to apply for a  loan. Be aware of fraudulent actors who may charge p…
  UPDATE: Small businesses can now apply for the  The program is designed to keep small busin…
 "The partnership and collaboration as we went through this pandemic has been incredible," said. 
 The this is a total smear campaign against His opponents have been waging one since before he was elec…
 BREAKING: Group of Antifa holds down a street preacher as he screams ‘You’re choking me’ in Seattle Autonomous Zone 
 "For the first time in history, half of the senior leaders of the National Security Council are women." 🇺🇸  
 On behalf of our entire nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible West Point Class of 2020! 
 Yesterday in Denver a Conservative was executed by Matt Dolloff claim he has no connections to ANTIFA, but t…
 Extended sequence of events in Denver. The victim backed off. He never stood a chance. 

 The highest ranking members of the FBI , NSA and CIA were not only spying on Trump- They were trying to subvert his ele…
Highly respected Justice Daniel Kelly is running for the Supreme Court in the Great State of Wisconsin. Justice Kelly has been doing a terrific job upholding the Rule of Law and defending your  Tough on Crime, Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete Endorsement!

Tonight at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern). 
 Governments across the U.S. need to follow the lead of the business community and impose tougher restrictions in order…
Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!
GREAT news this week regarding the Keystone XL Pipeline – moving forward with fantastic paying CONSTRUCTION jobs for hardworking Americans. Promises Made, Promises Kept! 
As you know, I designated this day to be a National Day of Prayer. As our Nation heals, our Spirit has never been Stronger! 
I won’t be watching much anymore! 
 JUST IN: US Supreme Court: Trump admin. can continue its practice of returning asylum seekers to Mexico along the entire so…
..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, ; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!
 WATCH⬇️New Jersey Public School Teacher Tells Students Playing soccer➖’I hope you die!➖I hope you both get the Corona v…
Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51%.  They like REVOLVER and others!
 Tonight the “indigenous” faction of antifa held a “day of rage” riot in Portland. They banned video recording as the crimina…
 Trump’s new coronavirus travel prohibitions will not apply to the trade and cargo that flow between Europe and the Uni…

One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking, Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED!” With me, you’re going to FRACK! 
Thank you keep up the great work! 
John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from....
And it looks like the NFL is heading in that direction also, but not with me watching! 
Thank you! 
Big Stock Market Numbers!
More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men ; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!
Today, celebrates the two year anniversary of  her initiative dedicated to bringing awareness to issues that impact the lives of children. Congratulations, and thank you!  
A blow to her head? Body found under his desk? Left Congress suddenly? Big topic of discussion in Florida...and, he’s a Nut Job (with bad ratings). Keep digging, use forensic geniuses! 
ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!
 "You shouldn’t get to play under our flag as our national team if you won’t stand when it is raised. suggests…
 Trump says SBA will provide capital/liquidity to firms impacted by coronavirus. Will provide low interest loans
 I’d rather the US not have a soccer team than have a soccer team that won’t stand for the National Anthem. You shouldn’t g…
Thank you and  
 Join CDC for a Twitter Q;A on  CDC Deputy Director for Infectious Diseases, Dr. Jay Butler, will answer questions abou…
  Programs: Plan ; prepare for  in your community:• Review, update ; implement emergency operations plans for…
 Older adults ; people with a severe chronic medical condition: Prepare in advance for the possibility of a  outbreak in…
I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
 On this second anniversary of my  initiative I am reminded that now, more than ever, we must continue to work together ;…
 President says he doesn’t think Joe Biden remembers what he did yesterday 
The Paycheck Protection Program is now available!  Business Guidance ; Loan Resources:  
 “We will only fight to win.”-Trump at West Point

True! 
 How can the structure of a spike protein found on  responsible for the   help in its diagnos…
Great job being done by and many community banks throughout the country. Small businesses appreciate your work!
 Fantastic and motivating speech by to the West Point Class of 2020. Congratulations to the Army’s newes…

 Is it just me or is that the best speech Trump has ever given?

Today, it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...
 Our hearts go out to the communities hardest hit by the Coronavirus—and we salute the great medical professionals on the fr…
Will be interviewed tonight on at 9:00 P.M.
Many physicians agree with you. Also, some very good studies! 
Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!
Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
 Thanks, for helping ensure your communities have coverage for the  testing and treatment they need.
 No federal approval is needed for state  programs to reimburse for telemedicine services, the same way that states p…
 Thank you for your dedication to public health and safety as we work to stop 
 "America is engaged in a historic battle to safeguard the lives of our citizens." 
 To ensure individuals who may be impacted by  have access to care, is encouraging states to utilize existing…
I HOPE ALL AFRICAN AMERICANS WILL READ AND STUDY THIS. 100% CORRECT. SLEEPY JOE WILL NEVER GET YOU THERE. HE NEVER HAS IN THE PAST. I WILL ; HAVE!!! 
 Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect…
 President In every battle, we have placed our loyalty in each other ; God - we have prevailed, and we will…
A great day at West Point! 
She should be ashamed of herself! 
Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!
 This Is Whom You Disrespect When You Dishonor Our Flag.Please Retweet  htt…
 Our Nation’s small businesses are the backbone of our economy ; we are working hard to get them quick relief thru the 
 UPDATE – At least 9,970 loans have been processed; $3,200,000,000+ originated.  ;  offers…
 
 GEORGIA, Let's go VOTE to keep our Freedoms for the best country in the world! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺    
 ICYMI - Drudge’s Historic Crash Hits Rock Bottom; Numbers from Turbulent August Tank 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 Flyover + Hat Toss = Celebration. |  |  
  has issued additional guidance about telehealth benefits in  to ensure beneficiaries are aware of accessibl…
   in most of  CDC recommends avoiding all nonessential travel to most of Europe. More i…
 The Paycheck Protection Program is now available!  Business Guidance ; Loan Resources: 

 When I see 1 of those polls that has Malarkey the Racist up 6-8 points everywhere, I’m thinking they must have called th…
 Develop a plan for home-based actions. Choose a room in your home that can be used to separate sick household members fro…
 I like the way Kayleigh sets the agenda. She doesn’t take any crap off these pathetic, worthless, clueless DNC Shills. I…
 Latest: Day 1  numbers: 6,820 loans valued at more than $2,200,000,000. Are you a small busin…
  UPDATE $400,000,000 originated. Thank you    
 Pres begins Commencement Address to graduating cadets, “We are here to celebrate your achievements, and great achievements…
 Ron Johnson is trending because he's made it clear he will inform us about Joe Biden. The left here is freaking about beca…
 Everyone can help prevent the spread of  Call your doctor if you develop symptoms, have been in close contact with a p…
 What a great idea. DJT wants to start the “Shills in Space” concept. Excellent.   
 Clean hands keep you healthy and can stop germs from spreading to others. What you need to know about handwashing: 
  has expanded its guidance to nursing homes on how facilities should monitor, limit or restrict visitors ; staff w/ p…
 Presidential approval on September 14 of respective re-election years according to Rasmussen Reports:Trump (2020): 51%…
 "You became brothers ; sisters pledging allegiance to the same timeless principles, joined together in a common mission: t…
 Republican Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin said President Trump deserves to win more than one Nobel Peace Prize for his “lea…
 started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!
So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in the It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!! 
  we can slow the spread of  
 "The states should know how many ventilators they have in their state…This is a time of crisis, and you're seeing certain people a…
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!
 Pres escorted on stage and salutes as Star Spangled Banner is played. 
 Pres Trump and Gen Williams giving more than 500 salutes to members of the Class of 2020, most of the 1,107 grads receivin…
 WATCH: Joe Biden struggles to use a cell phone. 
Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!
 The NBA has suspended the season "until further notice” after a Utah Jazz player preliminarily tested positive for coro…

 Love this 👏👏👏
 “Nancy Pelosi all of a sudden doesn’t like the payroll tax cut, but when Obama proposed it she thought it was a brilli…
 Listen to Coach Belichick.  Shelter in place and save lives! 
 Well I’ll be... South Carolina election ballots found in Maryland this week.  
 Is anyone buying that DimLib’s massive Vote-by-Mail plan is secure? I can confirm that voter rolls are 33% full of moved…
Michael Moore: I‘m ‘Begging‘ Dems -- Don‘t Underestimate White Male Trump Supporter‘s ‘Rage,‘ ‘Emotion‘  via Well, he got it right in 2016?
Many Republican Senators want me to Veto the FISA Bill until we find out what led to, and happened with, the illegal attempted “coup” of the duly elected President of the United States, and others!
KEEPING THE WORKPLACE SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES TO.... 
 We will use every possible resource to end this war and open our country again. 
 THANK YOU to our doctors, nurses, medical professionals, and the food supply workers who are feeding our Nation. 🇺🇸 
Thank you Philip! 
 "China’s economy has thrived through the manufacture of American products," Andy Puzder and Bill Hagerty write.It's time…
 What would the media say if Barack Obama were president during the Coronavirus Pandemic and handled it the same way as
Intelligence has just reported to me that I was correct, and that they did NOT bring up the CoronaVirus subject matter until late into January, just prior to my banning China from the U.S. Also, they only spoke of the Virus in a very non-threatening, or matter of fact, manner...
I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now, we are going to win IOWA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! 
 Anyone know what’s going on with PolyGrip? I’ve noticed lately that her face seems glossy and she is sporting a poorly m…
The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety ; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge!
 They go to work for us, stay home for them.   ❣️ 

 Effective immediately, Brooks Brothers will produce 150,000 masks per day to protect those on the frontlines battling the…
  PA Gov. Tom Wolf’s  Restrictions Were Unconstitutional, Federal Judge Rules
 Social Distancing Works! Stay Safe and Be Kind. ❤️  
....are getting caught doing very evil things, and Republicans should take note. This was grave misconduct by the Obama Justice Department!
 Pentacampeón de las Grandes Ligas de Béisbol (MLB) y Co-Presidente de tiene el siguiente mensaje…
 My OpEd on how we are supporting America’s great small businesses and workers during the  health care crisis: 
KEEPING COMMERCIAL ESTABLISHMENTS SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES AND CUSTOMERS TO.... 
Palm Sunday is the beginning of a Holy week for many people of Faith and a great day to lift our voices in Prayer. I will be tuning into Pastor at Church in Riverside, California tomorrow at 11:00 A.M. Eastern. 
Joe Biden must immediately release all emails, meetings, phone calls, transcripts, and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA!
Watched last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!
 Friendly Reminder: If you stay home in November and don’t get every person you know voting for DJT, these 3 will be the…
Next up, the Ballot Hoax! 
KEEPING THE SCHOOL SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR FACULTY, STAFF, AND STUDENTS TO.... 
 Happy Birthday Mr. President!America is blessed beyond measure to have you in the White House. You're promoting all tha…
KEEPING THE HOME SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS TO.... 
108 countries are dealing with the CoronaVirus problem, some of which we are helping!
 From 'Fact check: Did the Obama administration deplete the federal stockpile of N95 masks?' Verdict: 'True.' 
 President knows more than anyone that small business are the backbone of our economy. TODAY is the f…
....Fake News got it wrong again, as always, and tens of thousands of lives were saved by my EARLY BAN of China into our Country. The people that we’re allowed were heavily scrutinized and tested U.S. citizens, and as such, I welcome them with open arms!
 We just got a look at the official portrait for the self proclaimed Governor of Georgia. She fought a tough race, kissed…
 To protect PolyGrip during this pandemic, we have developed 2 options. With the DJT option, she will be able to tongue a…
 A federal judge has ruled that key components of Gov. Tom Wolf’s coronavirus mitigation strategy are unconstitutional,…
Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!
Thank you Cory! 
 HARRISBURG, P.A. (AP) — Federal judge rules that Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf's pandemic restrictions are unconstitutional.
  NEWS: A federal judge has ruled that Gov. Tom Wolf and Dr. Rachel Levine's shutdown order and business closures were un…
 JUST IN: A federal judge on Monday struck down Gov. Tom Wolf’s pandemic restrictions that required people to stay at home, p…
 If Joe Biden can find the correct polling station and vote in person, ANYBODY can vote in person.

 President spoke earlier with the (including Bill Belichick,
 We're ALL in this together.And we can ALL do our part to help stop the spread of coronavirus.⬇️ Here's how ⬇️ 
Disgraceful! 
 I just left the White House where I was briefed by CoS and top intelligence officials. They discussed
 Clinton Aides Spent Millions to Push Russia Hoax AFTER Trump’s Inauguration 
Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon...
 Life is Winning in America! And to keep on winning we need to re-elect pro-life Conservatives like and
 PA Governor's shut down orders ruled unconstitutional.  This is big. 
 First to fight! Happy birthday to the Fighting ‘til the battle is won. Thank you for rolling along for 245 year…
 Today, we recognize 245 years of bravery, commitment, skill and answering the call to serve. We are America's Army.

 Adam Schiff hides important transcripts from the American people.
 This is What ' with  looks likePlease retweet this video so everyone of your friends can watch it$1…
 I predict that Melania will become the most popular FLOTUS since Jackie Kennedy. She is quietly working into th…
 Evidence has surfaced that indicates Barack Obama was the one running the Russian hoax. 
 This German biotech company has made kits with 4 million coronavirus tests since the outbreak began 
Great News, Mike! 
 We are witnessing the Great American Comeback! Record-breaking rebound in home sales, coming on the heels of a record…
Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in  An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!
 Farmers Feed America! Thank you to all the nation’s unsung heroes! 🇺🇸
 Thread
 Didn’t say something about that?
Congratulations to former Governor of New Jersey, Chris Christie, and all others involved, on a complete and total exoneration (with a 9-0 vote by the U.S. Supreme Court) on the Obama DOJ Scam referred to as “Bridgegate.” The Democrats....
....to it, as appropriate. The Task Force will also be very focused on Vaccines ; Therapeutics. Thank you!
....gloves, gowns etc. are now plentiful. The last four Governors teleconference calls have been conclusively strong. Because of this success, the Task Force will continue on indefinitely with its focus on SAFETY ; OPENING UP OUR COUNTRY AGAIN. We may add or subtract people ....
....produced in the thousands, and we have many to spare. We are helping other countries which are desperate for them. Likewise, after having been left little, we are now doing more testing than all other countries combined, and with superior tests. Face masks ; shields,....
Thank you Herschel! 
 
 Biden finally said something that and I can agree with... ‘I can beat Joe Biden’.  
 THE UNITED STATES LOVES ITALY! 
He wants to raise taxes all over our Country! 
 “Law and Order are the building blocks of the American Dream, but if anarchy prevails, this dream comes crumbling down!”Pre…
Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely.
 Viking Cruises cancels all cruises until May 1 due to coronavirus pandemic 
Congratulations to the for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!
 Proud co-sponsor of this important conservation legislation that helps keep West Virginia  
The White House CoronaVirus Task Force, headed by Vice President Mike Pence, has done a fantastic job of bringing together vast highly complex resources that have set a high standard for others to follow in the future. Ventilators, which were few ; in bad shape, are now being....
 “The Navajo Nation is a Nation within a Nation. We appreciate President Trump for supplying our Tribal Reservation with…
 We have always been dedicated to one truth: the health, safety, ; well-being of our guests, teammates, ; communities w…
 “The mobilization of the private sector has been extraordinary. For instance, N95 masks alone, has depl…
 Across the country, the  that signed is helping Americans. And in Wisconsin…
....lost for Evan “McMuffin” McMullin (to me). Steve Schmidt ; Reed Galvin lost for John McCain, Romney’s campaign manager (?) lost big to “O”, ; Jennifer Horn got thrown out of the New Hampshire Republican Party. They’re all LOSERS, but Abe Lincoln, Republican, is all smiles!
 “Every decision that we’re making is made to save lives. It’s really our sole consideration.” -- 
 “We’ve got to get this country open again,” said in response to more questions about need for more aggr…
 It took TWO MONTHS for Joe Biden to finally admit that President decision to restrict travel from China w…
....because they don’t know how to win, and their so-called Lincoln Project is a disgrace to Honest Abe. I don’t know what Kellyanne did to her deranged loser of a husband, Moonface, but it must have been really bad. John Weaver lost big for Kasich (to me). Crazed Rick Wilson....
....get even for all of their many failures. You see, these loser types don’t care about 252 new Federal Judges, 2 great Supreme Court Justices, a rebuilt military, a protected 2nd Amendment, biggest EVER Tax ; Regulation cuts, and much more. I didn’t use any of them....
 I couldn’t agree more! Our National Parks are national treasures. This legislation will ensure they are preserved and pr…
 A storm is coming...
 A federal judge in Pittsburgh on Monday found that orders issued by Gov. Tom Wolf restricting the size of gatherings a…
 This week, Iran’s parliament passed a new anti-Zionism law that doubles down on its support for Palestinian terrorist…
   
Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness ; ineptitude play politically. The Mayor ; Governor should be ashamed of themselves. Easily fixed!
 "President stands against defunding our great police officers, caving to mob rule, and cancel culture whic…
 Joe Biden oversaw an anemic recovery while he was Vice President, and he would be a disaster for the economy as Presiden…

 Throughout the  Crisis, most of the media is doing what they do best: Looking bad.President i…
A group of RINO Republicans who failed badly 12 years ago, then again 8 years ago, and then got BADLY beaten by me, a political first timer, 4 years ago, have copied (no imagination) the concept of an ad from Ronald Reagan, “Morning in America”, doing everything possible to....
A great new book, “Fortitude: American Resilience in the Era of Outrage” by former Navy Seal, and current Texas Congressman is now available. A fantastic guy — get your copy today! 
 All schools, colleges and childcare facilities to close from tomorrow says Taoiseach in an address to the…
 White House Press Secretary President stands against defunding our police, caving to mob…
 President second executive order today protects Americans from eviction. 
 White House Press Secretary There is no stronger advocate for our servicemen and women than President
  
Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely!
I’ve gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side”, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake ; Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!
 Democrats must remember that black people are not commodity. A political party does not determine our value. We see how wel…
Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do Nothing Democrat leadership,  yet these same weak leaders become RADICAL when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working, tax paying citizens!
 Four Western Pennsylvania counties – Butler, Green, Fayette, and Washington, filed a lawsuit claiming that Governor Tom Wolf…
 Great reconnecting with President Kaljulaid of Estonia.  Her leadership and innovativeness is truly admirable! 
I will be interviewed on at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
 Here’s  story in a nutshell:1-US raid randomly discovers wad of cash in Afghan hut (How much? In a safe?…
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!
 White House Press Secretary on President Executive Order protecting monuments: “There wi…
 President will travel to Central Florida to watch as and launch astronauts from American soi…
  and learn how to protect yourselves from hooligans and other antifa like individuals 
 Joe Rogan: I’d Rather Vote For President Trump Than Biden  
I fully agree! 
 Santilli: ‘I credit my life being saved’ to President Trump and COVID-19...  
 Hydroxychloroquine proving an effective treatment for coronavirus patien...  
Just had a great conversation with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I told him that the just completed Olympic venue is magnificent. He has done an incredible job, one that will make him very proud. Good things will happen for Japan and their great Prime Minister. Lots of options!
Yesterday was a BIG day for Justice in the USA. Congratulations to General Flynn, and many others. I do believe there is MUCH more to come! Dirty Cops and Crooked Politicians do not go well together!
Sleepy Joe Biden was in charge of the H1N1 Swine Flu epidemic which killed thousands of people. The response was one of the worst on record. Our response is one of the best, with fast action of border closings ; a 78% Approval Rating, the highest on record. His was lowest!
Michael Moore Torches Biden: He Lacks ‘Necessary Enthusiasm‘ to Beat Trump  via  Well, he was right in 2016, and we do have great enthusiasm. Many say, done a fantastic job! DJT
I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the if the allocated money runs out. So far, way ahead of schedule. ; community banks are rocking!
We had previously scheduled our  Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for June 19th – a big deal. Unfortunately, however, this would fall on the Juneteenth Holiday. Many of my African American friends and supporters have reached out to suggest that we consider changing the date out...
 RNC Chairwoman Praises President Trump’s Virus Response  
 Congratulations to my good friend on being named Ranking Member of He’ll be a fierce watchdog…
 Had to come back to share this one 🙌🏻👏🙌🏻👏🙌🏻👏 
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
“The Obama White House had to immediately issue an apology for Joe Biden’s remarks, and any alarm that he might have caused, an alarm about a Swine Flu outbreak that took 6 months for President Obama to declare a National Emergency, and that killed 12,000 Americans.”
I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the  if the allocated money runs out. So far, way ahead of schedule. ; community banks are rocking!
Jorge, you’re really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! 
“Full Measure with Sheryl Attkisson” interview on at 10:00 A.M. Sunday. Enjoy!
 Joe Rogan On 2020 Election: I Would ‘Rather Vote For Trump’ Over Biden, Biden Can’t Handle Anything 
 After enjoying big splash from sensational  expose,  retreating to shore-admitting "the underlying int…

  if you want to see General Flynn sue the FBI and it’s corrupt actors for all they’re worth and at the same time brin…
 My latest colum for How deadly is the coronavirus?  
....must read for anybody looking for U.S. Security and Protection. Go get it now and make Tom a Top Best Seller — he deserves it!
The United States cannot have all Mail In Ballots. It will be the greatest Rigged Election in history. People grab them from mailboxes, print thousands of forgeries and “force” people to sign. Also, forge names. Some absentee OK, when necessary. Trying to use Covid for this Scam!
Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!
 Joe Rogan on the 2020 election: “This is the real issue with the Democratic Party. They’ve essentially made us all morons…
 Outrageous. bill will save lives.
 Today the Senate could have passed my bill w/ to address the shortage of respirators during this 

.... Their response to H1N1 Swine Flu was a full scale disaster, with thousands dying, and nothing meaningful done to fix the testing problem, until now. The changes have been made and testing will soon happen on a very large scale basis. All Red Tape has been cut, ready to go!
For decades the looked at, and studied,  its testing system, but did nothing about it. It would always be inadequate and slow for a large scale pandemic, but a pandemic would never happen, they hoped. President Obama made changes that only complicated things further.....
Retired Ice Director Tom Homan knows more about the Border and Border Security than anyone. He’s a tough guy, but a good guy - and as smart as they come. His new book, “Defend The Border and Save Lives: Solving Our Most Important Humanitarian and Security Crisis” is a....
 BREAKING: Joe Rogan says "I'd vote for Trump over Biden. " Liberal heads explode in 3...2...1...
 🤦‍♀️ is setting up a NEW House committee to investigate President Trump in the midst of the  pandemic. Ju…
People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!

 LIVE: President delivers remarks on getting students back to school 
I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. Bad Trade Deals, Endless Wars, you name it, he has shown a complete lack of leadership. He’s weak ; shot!!!
 Dozens of Democrat Representatives are getting paid for NOT working. They are staying home, skipping votes, and still collec…
Allen, get well soon! 

Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!
 EXCLUSIVE: campaign has been quietly calling local restaurants and ordering large amounts of food to…
 Joe Biden has no ground to stand on politicizing coronavirus or attacking
 America's testing capacity is up. Positive rates are down. But we haven't yet won this fight.Live at 10:30am ET→
A lot of interest in this story about Psycho Joe Scarborough. So a young marathon runner just happened to faint in his office, hit her head on his desk, ; die? I would think there is a lot more to this story than that? An affair? What about the so-called investigator? Read story! 
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!
 

If you want to get money into the hands of people quickly ; efficiently, let them have the full money that they earned, APPROVE A PAYROLL TAX CUT until the end of the year, December 31. Then you are doing something that is really meaningful. Only that will make a big difference!
 Meet NYC Landlord,  
I agree with this. Watch! 
 DNI Ratcliffe issues statement on impact of unauthorized disclosures on force protection 
The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters ; Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies. Won’t work!
VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT. 
The Federal Reserve must FINALLY lower the Fed Rate to something comparable to their competitor Central Banks. Jay Powell and group are putting us at a decided economic ; physiological disadvantage. Should never have been this way. Also, STIMULATE!
 Trump makes more recommendations for nursing homes, where deadly coronavirus spread rapidly 
 Breaking: FISA court orders FBI to determine if misleading warrants need to be invalidated 
 Trump names White House lawyer to be watchdog over coronavirus bailout money 

I always stand with leaders who weren’t afraid to stand early with me. That’s why I am supporting a true conservative, for State Treasurer of North Dakota! 
Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it shows more cases. Without testing, or weak testing, we would be showing almost no cases. Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad, but good to have!!!
Chuck, we will get lower drug prices done. Thanks! 
 To all who have reached out - thank you. Here is my personal experience with COVID-19 :
 
To this point, and because we have had a very strong border policy, we have had 40 deaths related to CoronaVirus. If we had weak or open borders, that number would be many times higher!
 Mueller’s hidden evidence: Translator exonerated Don Jr. in Trump Tower meeting. Belatedly released FBI memos debunk o…
 “And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the Son of David: Blessed is he that com…
Vote by May 12th! His opponent voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now she’s mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in  
....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany!
 Hydroxychloroquine rated top drug by doctors on front line of COVID-19 who also fear a second wave 
Just landed in the Great State of Arizona! 
THANK YOU IOWA!  

LAW ; ORDER!
 THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!
   Trump shld be re-elected if for no other reason than he is the first Pres to challenge Ch…
 Trump considers forming panel to investigate anti-conservative bias on social media: report  
 When you’re right, you’re right
I will be having a news conference today at 3:00 P.M., The White House. Topic: CoronaVirus!
Tom Tiffany  is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
Great! 
 Congrats Sharyl for getting this correction . It was a shameful and erroneous attack.
 Where do you go when the storms of life are greater than what you can endure and when the winds and the waves are crus…
Just left the White House, on my way to the Great State of Iowa! 
You are right! 
“Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO” 
“We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action.” Chetan Ahya, Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley
THE LONE WARRIOR!
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 Extraordinary interview with Rep.  about FISA abuses, FBI failures and where John Durham might end up.  h…
 Palm Sunday is the beginning of a Holy week for many people of Faith and a great day to lift our voices in Prayer. I w…
 In honor of  and I joined some of our nations heros at the World War II Memorial to lay a wreath in commemorati…
  if you support our police officers who put on their uniforms every day to carry out the oath to protect and serve our com…
 If countless businesses can figure out how to operate safely, then it's past time that Pelosi and Democrats in Congress do t…
 This should be on a giant billboard in every city in the US. "America does not need to see the tax return of a billionaire who…
Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville, North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport!  
 “We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and poli…
 “Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO” 
To unleash the full power of the Federal Government in this effort, today I am officially declaring a National Emergency. 
 "Life is hard—but God is good, and Heaven is real.” 
 My grandson Travis...“and JUSTICE for ALL” ⚖️❤️🙏🇺🇸 
 Father of our country. These leftist vandals hate America.
 Why is Google financially supporting people who advocate racial violence ; murder?
 I started  w no money. No political connections. No media contacts. Only an idea 2 create a movement 2 free ppl…
 Psalm 33:18-20 "But the LORD watches over those who fear him, those who rely on his unfailing love.  He rescues them from dea…
 'The elites of his time, the most literate people, the editors of the largest and most influential magazines, the intel…
So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you! 
 LAW ; ORDER!
So true! 
We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care they need. No resource will be spared! 
So in California, the Democrats, who fought like crazy to get all mail in only ballots, and succeeded, have just opened a voting booth in the most Democrat area in the State. They are trying to steal another election. It’s all rigged out there. These votes must not count. SCAM!
Good idea Dana! 
 Thank you to everyone who is saving lives by staying at home this weekend. I know it's tough, but if we all work togeth…
Wow! May retail sales show biggest one-month increase of ALL TIME, up 17.7%. Far bigger than projected. Looks like a BIG DAY FOR THE STOCK MARKET, AND JOBS!
Be sure to watch, “Witch Hunt, the Flynn Vindication” hosted by the very knowledgeable on tonight at 8:00 P.M. This is yet another part of the greatest Criminal Hoax in American History!
 Ironically many of those now politicizing the recent report in the NYT questioned,disputed ;/or downplayed indisputable pro…
 I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from n…
My friend, Congressman is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement ; National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Congressman fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Today's third executive order provides for the continuation of expanded unemployment benefits. 
At my request, effective midnight tonight, Carnival, Royal Caribbean, Norwegian, and MSC have all agreed to suspend outbound cruises for thirty days. It is a great and important industry – it will be kept that way!
 is Fake News. They will take a good story and make it as bad as is humanly possible. They are a JOKE!
 Absolutely sickening that the Washington Post published this puff piece glorifying a vicious anti-Semite. Not only did…
Mike has my complete ; total endorsement. We need him badly in Washington. A great fighter pilot ; hero, ; a brilliant Annapolis grad, Mike will never let you down. Mail in ballots, ; check that they are counted! 
 These movements to abolish and dismantle police departments are stark raving nuts...More on  with and
 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
 Stronger trade deals. Killing terrorists. National security tools. Justice reform. Coronavirus relief. Democrats spent the…
 "I ran for President because I could not sit back any longer ; watch the terrible injustices being done to the American people...I…
 LIVE: Remarks on Safe Policing for Safe Communities 
 
....No matter where you may be, I encourage you to turn towards prayer in an act of faith. Together, we will easily PREVAIL!
It is my great honor to declare Sunday, March 15th as a National Day of Prayer. We are a Country that, throughout our history, has looked to God for protection and strength in times like these....
 1 and her liberal Dem allies didn’t say anything for weeks even though the polling places were in full…
 2/The right to vote is sacred and something I fought to protect for nearly two decades. But our citizens should also ex…
I will be holding a News Conference at 3:30 P.M. at the White House. Thank you!
 Parts of Florida, including Miami, are becoming a major epicenter of  spread; with cases doubling every 3.5 to…
 Encouraging signs  spread may be slowing in many cities, especially northeast. Mitigation is working. New case…
Corrected Fake News! 
 "Nobody is going to do for Iowa what I did for Iowa." in Iowa 
 "Vice President Biden, you owe the people of America an apology, because it turns out you are a corrupt politician."

 "To go forward, we must seek cooperation—not confrontation. We must build upon our heritage—not tear it down." 

 "In order to make real progress on public safety, we have to break old patterns of failure.Many of the same politicians n…
 President stands against radical efforts to defund police departments. 
 President announces "historic action to deliver a future of safety and security for Americans of every rac…
 "The spirit and the will of our nation is unbreakable. We will defeat this threat. When America is tested, America rises to…
 Today's emergency orders will allow the Secretary to waive applicable rules and regulations to give doctors, hospit…
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
Today’s SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW!  is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom!

Thank you. We love our boaters! 
Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!! 

A great ; wonderful woman! 
Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!
Happy to announce that is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama.

....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!
Americans are the strongest and most resilient people on earth...We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care that they need, and that they are entitled to. No resource will be spared. 
CA25 is a Rigged Election. Trying to steal it from  must act now!
A very biased “journalist”. 
America owes our very hard working food supply workers so much as they produce and deliver high quality food for us during this horrible COVID-19. Join me in thanking our Farmers, Ranchers, Processors, Distributors and Stores!
 If you were serious about stopping this censorship you would hold a hearing for Nathan Simington.
As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA, I become more and more angry at China. People can see it, and I can feel it!
Chris Jacobs  will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23!  
 I HOPE ALL AFRICAN AMERICANS WILL READ AND STUDY THIS. 100% CORRECT. SLEEPY JOE WILL NEVER GET YOU THERE. HE NEVER HAS…
....the health and well-being of American families FIRST. Look forward to signing the final Bill, ASAP!
....the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Labor to issue regulations that will provide flexibility so that in no way will Small Businesses be hurt. I encourage all Republicans and Democrats to come together and VOTE YES! I will always put....

  said "the establishment media have not admitted that they were wrong and the president was right" for bann…
I agree! 
The Paycheck Protection Program is up and running! The program is open to nonprofits as well, so banks be sure to sign up our Great Religious and Veteran Organizations that need help!
Congressman Jim Hagedorn  is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Left-wing violent extremism is a serious threat to American lives and American freedom.President on the…
 President has spoken with President Aoun of Lebanon.3 large aircraft are on the way with medical supplie…
 President gives an update on payroll tax, enhanced unemployment benefits, student loan payments, and the e…
This is a battle to save the Heritage, History, and Greatness of our Country! 
Congressman is a fighter for New York! He serves our Country in the Army Reserve ; works hard for our Vets ; First Responders. He’ll stand with our Police against Radical Liberal attempts to defund them. Lee has my Complete ; Total Endorsement! 
A disgrace. Total corruption! 
 Hey - can you believe this? We caught from removing retweets from our video. 
...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way...
I fully support H.R. 6201: Families First CoronaVirus Response Act, which will be voted on in the House this evening. This Bill will follow my direction for free CoronaVirus tests, and paid sick leave for our impacted American workers. I have directed....
Governor of California won’t let restaurants, beaches and stores open, but he installs a voting both system in a highly Democrat area (supposed to be mail in ballots only) because our great candidate, is winning by a lot. CA25  Rigged Election!
  said "President Trump disrupts the media narrative so CNN and MSNBC don't want to cover it live and straig…
....We will get through this together, and bats will be swinging before you know it. In the meantime, take care of mom and dad, and know that this will not be forever!
To all of our youth who are missing the start of their seasons, hang in there! We will get you back out on the fields, and know that you will be playing baseball soon....
 He wouldn’t happen to mean illegally harvesting/paying cash for absentee ballots would he?  
 WATCH: Party Exec Committee member Kris Jacks doubles down on claims of ‘lying, cheating, and stealing’ t…

The Democrats are trying to Rig the 2020 Election, plain and simple! 
 has my Complete ; Total Endorsement. She is a great fighter ; ally in North Carolina. Lynda is Strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets ; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. We need Lynda to help DRAIN THE SWAMP! VOTE EARLY!
 
To those families and citizens who are worried and concerned for themselves and their loved ones, I want you to know that your Federal Government will unleash every authority, resource and tool at its disposal to safeguard the lives and health of our people. 
 Tony Gwynn would have turned 60 years old today. Mr. Padre had a legendary career:🔹First Ballot Hall of Fame Inductee🔹8× N…
 Ted Williams and Tony Gwynn talk about reading pitchers, and getting a good pitch to hit 
...vacationing, relaxing ; making shady deals with other countries, ; that Barack was always playing golf, doing much of his traveling in a fume spewing 747 to play golf in Hawaii - Once even teeing off immediately after announcing the gruesome death of a great young man by ISIS!
Sleepy Joe’s representatives have just put out an ad saying that I went to play golf (exercise) today. They think I should stay in the White House at all times. What they didn’t say is that it’s the first time I’ve played golf in almost 3 months, that Biden was constantly.....
 Today, The Queen spoke to President Trump by telephone from Windsor Castle ahead of Independence Day in the United States…
 Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do N…
 Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is…
 Happy Birthday  Love you! 💛 
 Jupiter Florida Trump 2020 Boat Parade!!!  Happy Birthday 
On Now! Enjoy!
 If you thought part one was good, you need to see part TWO! 🚨
Thank you Gayle! 
 Trump Declares National Emergency Over Coronavirus, Solutions Spur Wall Street Rally Incredible what can be done w/ rig…
 Tony Gwynn played for 20 years and struck out three times in a game... once. Incredible.
 I still have no idea how Tony Gwynn hits this Big Unit 1-2 slider for a double. 
I give, and have given from the beginning, my entire yearly salary, $400,000 to $450,000, back to our government. Last check to HHS Covid relief. My great honor! 
 Amazing Quarter for the Markets!!! The DOW has the best quarter in 33 years (up 17.77%). Likewise the NASDAQ is up 30.63% in…
True! 
I will be having a White House CoronaVirus Task Force meeting in a short while. May or may not do a News Conference after the meeting, depending on new information. Talks ; meetings today are proving promising, but a rough two weeks are coming up!
...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Jason Lewis  will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…
Happy to send $18 MILLION in funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!
 We can beat them at their game ..   
Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what....
 Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and G…
 Joe Biden's Campaign for President: A Silent Film 
 Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!
Among many other very important events, meetings, and calls! 
Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!
Sending $8.3M in funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!
...And many more! 
 Oh no! CNN's reporter just called it the "Wuhan virus" and added "which originated, as we know, in Wuhan, China." Someo…
 Joe Biden just lied, saying coronavirus tests should be in the millions, not thousands. Has anyone told Joe that 1 m…
We are learning much about the Invisible Enemy. It is tough and smart, but we are tougher and smarter!
 At what point is election meddling?
I am sending $15M from to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!
Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!
Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!

 Flags atop WH continue at half-staff this weekend to honor Coronavirus victims. 
 Shifty Schiff is quickly turning into Anxious Adam cause he knows he has been caught peddling the biggest sham in America…
At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs, and others, I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas. Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE. Not fair to homeowners, I may END!
 Why the double standard?
 The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters ; Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is…
 Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!
 I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has be…
New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support and keep the people of Nashua moving!
Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!
BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from will be awarded to and for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!
 When Joe Biden was in charge of the H1N1 Swine Flu epidemic, this happened in America:60.8 MILLION infected 274,30…
 MUST READ: Joe Biden Plagiarizes President  Plan!
White House news conference at 6:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Having the G7 meeting in Washington is very important for those countries, and the World! 
I’m awarding $14.7M in funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!
 Hey Quid Pro Joe  


 We continue to monitor Tropical Storm Laura closely and stand ready to help! 
 Gallup: Trump surges to approval high, best ever OK from independents 👍🏽🇺🇸
 Japan is considering a fresh stimulus package worth over $929 billion that will consist mostly of financial aid programmes fo…
 With numerous precautions in place, some congregants around the country headed for their churches, synagogues and mosques, days aft…
She gets fired by for giving Crooked Hillary the debate questions, and gets hired by Where are you Roger Ailes? 
 Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it sho…
 LIVE: President and at Abraham Accords signing ceremony 
 in the bag for the   making up lies Joe bragged about it! 
 The Hunter Biden email bombshell prompted massive damage control by the legacy media and a ra…
 Joe also supports BLM  

 Boy, this is embarrassing.
 “President took decisive action to put the health of the American people first.“  
A great man for Washington! Will Drain the Swamp! 
 We are thinking of the great people of Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, and all those affected by the storm. 
Why is it that all of the political pundits ; consultants that I beat so easily ; badly, people that charged their clients far more than their services were worth, have become so totally “unhinged” when it come to your favorite President, me. These people are stone cold crazy!

He knew the questions and still couldn’t answer them. Lamestream Media being laughed at all over the world! 
 If you need to travel within the US, make sure you follow the guidance of local officials in the location you are departing…
 
 Congratulations to Kathy Lueders, a trailblazing engineer and dedicated public servant who has been selected as the first w…
 People under 40 yrs old have no clue, but single handily took down the largest organized crime syndicate in Ame…
 The administration’s coronavirus response has delivered “innovative solutions…at unprecedented speed.”…
  “To this day the establishment media have not admitted that they were wrong and the President was right.”
 
 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!
Starting early next week, at my order, the USA will be purchasing, from our Farmers, Ranchers ; Specialty Crop Growers, 3 Billion Dollars worth of Dairy, Meat ; Produce for Food Lines ; Kitchens. “FARMERS TO FAMILY FOOD BOX”  Great news for all! 
  is one of the best ways to protect yourself and your family from getting sick. Learn when and how you should…
 Thinking about traveling? Before you go, consider the following: • Is COVID-19 spreading where you’re going? • Is COVID-19…
 “What speaks louder than anything are the words of the executive order. It accounted for ways that we can reform our syst…
 POTUS was right to restrict travel from China in January, and now there is more evidence that made the…
The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!
For humanitarian reasons, the passengers from the two CoronaVirus stricken cruise ships have been given medical treatment and, when appropriate, allowed to disembark, under strict supervision. Very carefully done. People we’re dying ; no other countries would allow them to dock!
 Kudos to for speaking up for what he sees as a takeover of his heritage by BLM/They don't speak for me " (B…
 Be mindful of social distancing this  weekend. Stay at least six feet from others to slow the spread of 
 Had to see for myself lol. Twitter is meddling in the 2020 election by covering up corruption and lies from its preferred…
 

  emergency declaration allows for a "massive mobilization of our country's resources to combat this t…
Thank you Gayle. I only wish the public could fully understand how corrupt ; dishonest so much of our Lamestream Media is. My Press Conferences are vital. They are reaching millions of people that are not being told the truth, ; haven’t been for years (Witch-Hunts, Fake News)! 
Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
I will be interviewed by on this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!
A GREAT woman. Her son is looking down from heaven ; is very proud of his wonderful ; loving mom!!! 
 I registered 19 more Republicans today, i had several Walk Away's. They said they'll never vote Democrat again! 
Governor of California won’t let restaurants, beaches and stores open, but he installs a voting booth system in a highly Democrat area (supposed to be mail in ballots only) because our great candidate, is winning by a lot. CA25  Rigged Election!
 Biden can’t stand up to China.They own him.His son,brother and sister-in-law are,and have been, partners with busines…
Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!
Schools in our country should be opened ASAP. Much very good information now available.
Good teamwork between Republicans ; Democrats as the House passes the big CoronaVirus Relief Bill. People really pulled together. Nice to see!
USA STRONG!
Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!).


 With the utmost respect, I thank President for his leadership on the Federal School Safety Report, and for…
 Consumer confidence smashed expectations in June! This is further proof that Great American Comebac…
 Does this have your attention Good luck trying to explain it next week at the debate! 
Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!
 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Fake News Media is giving a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!
...to find, with all of the jobs and economic development it brings, another Republican National Convention site. This is not something I want to do. Thank you, and I LOVE the people of North Carolina!
...made by many thousands of enthusiastic Republicans, and others, to head to beautiful North Carolina in August. They must be immediately given an answer by the Governor as to whether or not the space will be allowed to be fully occupied. If not, we will be reluctantly forced...
 “Trump isn’t going to accept the 2020 election results,” shout the people who still haven’t accepted the 2016 election resu…
 Come on, Man! When is going to pay people to attend my rallies? Or is he too busy printing extra ballots…
 Thanks to unprecedented action by President the United States leads the world in coronavirus testing!33 m…
 Joe Biden has fully embraced the radical left’s agenda:He supports Green New Deal policies that would destroy millions…

 Here is the last page of the report which sites the crystal meth. Guess Florida made the right move electing Governor D…
LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL!
 
 We the people are with you!
I love the Great State of North Carolina, so much so that I insisted on having the Republican National Convention in Charlotte at the end of August. Unfortunately, Democrat Governor, is still in Shutdown mood ; unable to guarantee that by August we will be allowed...
...full attendance in the Arena. In other words, we would be spending  millions of dollars building the Arena to a very high standard without even knowing if the Democrat Governor would allow the Republican Party to fully occupy the space. Plans are being....
 Good news on the coronavirus you won’t find anywhere else:-China has closed down its last coronavirus hospital. Not eno…
 LET’S GO AMERICA🇺🇸! After 2 years of fighting and challenging the status quo— I finally wrote it. The book Democrats do…
 I don't know anyone in the last three years who has done more to help Vladimir Putin and Russia with their efforts to sow…
Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!
HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY!

Will be interviewed by on  at 10:00 A.M.  Enjoy!




TRANSITION TO GREATNESS! Get ready, it is already happening again!
 President It's amazing the way Sleepy Joe buys into the Radical Left 
 President on Joe Biden and Kamala Harris wanting to raise taxes on Americans by $4 TRILLION 
 LMAO. Bags of a crystal meth, nudity, and puking... to help a friend after a wedding while you were too inebriated to tal…
 So dumbfounded that the Democrats would rather revert to subpoenas than find solutions to the unprecedented crisis we are wo…
Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
 You truly are and it’s why America loves and appreciates you!
Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon!  





 "We added 1.8 million new jobs in July—exceeding predictions for the third month in a row." 
 After years of scandal and neglect, the Trump Administration has reorganized the Department of Veterans Affairs around the…
 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 OBAMAGATE!
I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago, just look at what happened to We all miss Roger!!!
 “Andrew Gillum apologizes after being found 'inebriated' in hotel room where police say man was treated for 'possible drug…
 BREAKING: Coronavirus Outbreak. Good news on multiple frontsUS today now at 23,373, yesterday at this time was 30,571.…




 Introducing keynote speaker Candace Owens for the Jewish Republican Alliance, Woodland Hills, California. h…
Advertising in the Failing New York Times is WAY down. Washington Post is not much better. I can’t say whether this is because they are Fake News sources of information, to a level that few can understand, or the Virus is just plain beating them up. Fake News is bad for America!

Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 
Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government. He “bungled” everything that he touched!
 Why on earth would FoxNews hire disgraced Donna Brazile after she was caught interfering with an electi…


 President met with Secretary senior military leadership, and national security team…

Will be interviewed on tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Larry, I am not surprised that Candace was great. I would only be surprised if she wasn’t great! 
 Starting TONIGHT!  the Covid-19 update!!  🇺🇸
 Take a look back and  what the liberal media and Joe Biden said about President Trump's aggressive, early response to…
 Most Important Video of All-Timeby the corrupt establishment HAD TO stop Trump from being electe…
HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!
 Sunshine State Momentum: says the Jewish and Hispanic vote for is surging in Florida while the…
....Hawaii in a big, fully loaded 747, to play. What did that do to the so-called Carbon Footprint? He also played moments after the brutal killing by ISIS of a wonderful young man. Totally inappropriate - and it was me who shattered 100% of the ISIS Caliphate. I was left a MESS!
BIGGEST STOCK MARKET RISE IN HISTORY YESTERDAY!
 President expressed America's well wishes to Prime Minister Boris Johnson for a speedy recovery. 

 Trish Regan fired from Fox News for telling the truthDiamond ; Silk fired from Fox News for telling the truthHow many mo…
 
 President is working to make sure Native American communities have the support they need during this crisi…
Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 


Attending meetings on Covid-19 in the White House. Working with States and local governments, many of whom have done a great job. Full report latter!
 Advertising in the Failing New York Times is WAY down. Washington Post is not much better. I can’t say whether this is…
....3 months and, if I waited 3 years, they would do their usual “hit” pieces anyway. They are sick with hatred and dishonesty. They are truly deranged! They don’t mention Sleepy Joe’s poor work ethic,  or all of the time Obama spent on the golf course, often flying to....
Some stories about the fact that in order to get outside and perhaps, even a little exercise, I played golf over the weekend. The Fake ; Totally Corrupt News makes it sound like a mortal sin - I knew this would happen! What they don’t say is that it was my first golf in almost...

The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 

...And we caught them and their illegal activities! 

 

 UPDATE: Comey failed to include in his memos about Trump's "let him go" comment that he *personally approved* closing the C…
Joe Biden wanted the date for the Democrat National Convention moved to a later time period. Now he wants a “Virtual” Convention, one where he doesn’t have to show up. Gee, I wonder why? Also, what ever happened to that phone call he told the Fake News he wanted to make to me?
SOCIAL DISTANCING!
Wacko John Bolton’s “exceedingly tedious”(New York Times) book is made up of lies ; fake stories. Said all good about me, in print, until the day I fired him. A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. Never had a clue, was ostracized ; happily dumped. What a dope!
It is STOPPED! 
 🚨🚨1 in 5 Mail-In Ballots Rejected as Fraudulent in NJ Election🚨🚨NJ 7/7 primary is mail-in only, machine voting for d…
 





 The true meaning of Memorial Day is often forgotten. Remember all of those that made the ultimate sacrifice so that we ca…
 Take time to honor the brave men and women who sacrificed their lives for our Country and our freedom. We will never, ever…
 Bill Withers, one of the absolute all-time greats has passed. There is no more appropriate time to reflect on his words…
 PLEASE SHARE - Fees are fraud 
News Conference at White House in 10 minutes.
 WATCH: Republican National Convention - Night 4: Land of Greatness  
 BAD BOY BRENNAN!HUGE!Per His Lawyer -FLYNN TARGETED - "He Knew About the BILLIONS Brennan and Co. Were Running Off th…
 DEVELOPING: Investigators are looking into suspicions by Flynn's legal team that President Obama directed FBI Director Jam…
 Sally Yates was the real blackmailer
President Bush fired him also. Bolton is incompetent! 

Congratulations on a really great win! 

Just finished a meeting on Covid-19 in the Situation Room, news conference coming up shortly.  
Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!
 Worth a read just for the part where Lawfare misrepresent a Mueller filing while attacking Bill Barr for misrepresenting th…
 Liberty comes at the ultimate cost. On  we remember the brave men and women who gave their lives for our cou…





Great Ratings ; Reviews Last Night. Thank you!
Great! 
“BLITZ, Trump Will Smash the Left and Win”, by David Horowitz. Amazon  Bestseller. Call 800-691-0022  Hot book, great author!
I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment, which will lead to the renaming (plus other bad things!) of Fort Bragg, Fort Robert E. Lee, and many other Military Bases from which we won Two World Wars, is in the Bill!
 Amazing how you guys notice a comma missing when you need to, but are totally incurious about the missing original 302 and…
Congratulations to State Representative Karen Whitsett of Michigan. So glad you are getting better! 
THE UNITED STATES LOVES ITALY! 
 
 
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
What is this all about? 
 These guys can’t even agree on who told Clapper about the Flynn call. Was it Bob Litt, his General Counsel, or Comey? 
 Was the former Acting Director of the FBI Andrew McCabe lying in his book when he said DNI James Clapper personally briefed…
 Info comes from Comey's March 2017 private Congressional testimony, attached as exhibit to the DOJ's motion to dismiss the…
...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment...
 John Bolton, a notoriously mendacious enemy of all living beings on the planet, is discovering what every other great Re…
White House news conference at 5:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
COVID-19 UPDATE 
Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FUHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?
 
Happening fast! 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
I have zero interest in moving the Republican National Convention to Doral in Miami, as falsely reported by the Fake News in order to stir up trouble. Ballroom is not nearly big enough ; would like to stay in N.C., whose gov. doesn’t even know if he can let people in? 
 Trump has exposed the decades of foreign policy failures by the elite, political class.THAT is why they hate him.
 So which is it Mr. Priestap? Was "the bulk" of the FISA based on Steele (like you confirmed to Nunes' team), or *less than…
 Time to start asking exactly what Priestap was telling Congress and Adam Schiff in 2017.
 UPDATE: Oh Jim Clapper, you've got a MAJOR problem. You denied under oath ever briefing Obama on the Flynn/Kislyak calls.…
 is facing considerable backlash for pushing to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform.
Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FUHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?
 really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 A primary win by an unabashed conservative supporter of bodes well for patriots looking for…
“Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police.”  The Democrats would do this all over the U.S. It would be a disaster for safety ; security!
 If you are wondering why Obama leaked audio of himself regarding Flynn, my latest on him being implicated in the operation…
 Were any Republicans at this "sit down" with Priestap on Oct 31, 2017? Is there a transcript? Did Priestap really misrepres…
Can’t believe how badly has done in the newly released TV ratings. They are so far below (thank you President Trump!) that you can barely find them. Fredo should be given a big pay cut! MSDNC also did poorly. As I have long said, Fake News does not pay!!!
Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Connor Lamm has proven to be an American fraud, and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi. He said he would NOT vote for her for Speaker, and did. Will kill 2A. Voted to impeach (on nothing).  A TOTAL ; COMPLETE Sean Parnell Endorsement! 
“Seattle’s CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal (Democrat) cities caving to lawlessness.”
 Ivanka Trump: Donald Trump did not come to Washington to win praise from the beltway elites, he came to Washington to MAKE A…
The Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled that tomorrow’s election will proceed as scheduled. VOTE for Justice Daniel Kelly tomorrow, and be safe! 
 While Biden plays hide and seek with Camel Laugh, Trump plays 3 dimensional Chess with the Middle East and wins historical de…

Just had a nice conversation with Prime Minister of Canada. Great to hear that his wonderful wife Sophie is doing very well. The United States and Canada will continue to coordinate closely together on COVID-19.
Sleepy Joe Biden (mostly his reps.) went crazy when I banned, in late January, people coming in from China. He called me “xenophobic” ; then went equally “nuts” when we let in 44,000 people - until he was told they were American citizens coming home. He later apologized!
“It’s a terrible situation, and I blame the leaders of those cities. The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office, and to be honest with you, he’s done one hell of a job.”
China is drooling. They can’t believe this! 
Congratulations to on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings. Morning Joke, staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC, a Concast Company, was a disaster. Even worse was the barely registering mess!
 Let's get this straight right away Camel Laugh and China Joe will lie, lie, and lie and the media…

The has published guidelines on  to enable every American to respond to this epidemic and to protect themselves, their families and their communities.
 Not only is the statement “Flynn had told Russia to ignore US sanctions” 100% false, it doesn’t even make sense if it were…
 President Obama is being quoted on Flynn, saying "There is no precedent that anybody can find for someone who has been…
 Ivanka Trump: "America doesn’t need another empty vessel who will do whatever the media and the fringe of his party demands.…
Bolton’s book, which is getting terrible reviews, is a compilation of lies and made up stories, all intended to make me look bad. Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made, pure fiction. Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!
The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Party. The secret source probably does not even exist, just like the story itself. If the discredited has a source, reveal it. Just another HOAX!
Nobody in 50 years has been WEAKER on China than Sleepy Joe Biden. He was asleep at the wheel. He gave them EVERYTHING they wanted, including rip-off Trade Deals. I am getting it all back!
 For those who thought he actually didn’t say this alarmingly insane rant, here it is...
 82% of Americans would see their taxes go up under the Joe Biden tax plan!
 Adam Schiff, 16 months after that interview with Congress: Trump Tower meeting is “direct evidence” of “Collusion” 



 Ivanka Trump: To those affected by Hurricane Laura, President Trump will support you every step of the way 

Tomorrow I have called for a National Day of Prayer. I will be tuning in to Pastor at the Church in Gainesville, Georgia at 11:00 AM EDT. God Bless the USA!  
 Unbelievable sight. Thank you,
 From lead on  investigation of FBI anti-Trump operation to acting DNI  deputy, Kash Patel is…
 Robert Mueller knew the Trump Tower Collusion theory was a joke in July 2017, 4 days after it hit the press. Schiff knew it…
Great reviews on our handling of Covid 19, sometimes referred to as the China Virus. Ventilators, Testing, Medical Supply Distribution, we made a lot of Governors look very good - And got no credit for so doing. Most importantly, we helped a lot of great people!
Great job being done by Dr. Nicole Saphier on

THANK YOU NOH CAROLINA! 
....He didn’t want Bolton anywhere near him. Bolton’s dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with North Korea, even now. I asked him, “what the hell were you thinking?” He had no answer and just apologized. That was early on, I should have fired him right then ; there!
When Wacko John Bolton went on Deface the Nation and so stupidly said that he looked at the “Libyan Model” for North Korea, all hell broke out. Kim Jong Un, who we were getting along with very well, went “ballistic”, just like his missiles - and rightfully so....
Thank you!  
 Best news, I have heard all week:Big 12 to move forward with plans for fall football season
 'She didn't even make it to Christmas': rips 'disingenuous' media coverage of Biden selecting Kamala Harris a…
 “Dems have shown they are not up to the task to get us to brighter days. Just look at the states and cities run by Democr…
 Bingo...
 The “ties” that the Crossfire team cared about were ties to Donald Trump. Caputo had less than Flynn by July 31
 In his dissent in the SCOTUS DACA case Justice Thomas says The decision is “An effort to avoid a politically controversial…
 This might help explain why Trump doesn’t like to wear a mask in public. Biden today. 
My Executive Order to protect Monuments, Statues etc., IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. In excess of a 10 year prison term. Please do not put yourself in jeopardy. Many people now under arrest!
 Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FUHER VIOLENCE, not…
 Congratulations to State Representative Karen Whitsett of Michigan. So glad you are getting better! 
Thank you! 
 Sickening

Heading to New Hampshire!
Thank you for the great reviews of the News show last night!
 HISTORIC: After 49 years, Israel and the United Arab Emirates will fully normalize their diplomatic relations.This is a…
Vote today, Tuesday, for highly respected Republican, Justice Daniel Kelly. Tough on Crime, loves your Military, Vets, Farmers, ; will save your 2nd Amendment. A BIG VOTE! 
Thank you Sara. Keep writing, great talent! 
 Historic indeed and it’s not under “progressives” that peace between Israel and its Arab neighbor is being achieved, but bec…
WOW. Record Growth in 2nd Quarter! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases, Markets, and your 401k’s, will PLUNGE! Expect a Record 2021!
These horrible ; politically charged decisions coming out of the Supreme Court are shotgun blasts into the face of people that are proud to call themselves Republicans or Conservatives. We need more Justices or we will lose our 2nd. Amendment ; everything else. Vote Trump 2020!
 Being Commander in Chief is more than just a job to President Trump.It’s a sworn duty to Keep America Safe. 
 BABIES FOR TRUMP! ❤️🤱🏾 
 Why do Harris and Biden invite the press for a press conference if questions aren’t allowed? 
 Mueller can’t remember his own name, let alone defend it
 Flynn prosecutor Brandon Van Grack should be in trouble.How Van Grack's misrepresentations about the Flynn investigation…
 Also Comey didn’t seem to care about the 30 year career of Flynn when he personally sent two agents to ambush interview him…
No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States.
Do you get the impression that the Supreme Court doesn’t like me?
 Truly stunning.....
 More Sunni Arab states will follow the UAE/ Israel deal. They have had enough of the Palestinians rejecting every peace…
 President Trump 'to get involved' in Thomas Modly-Capt. Brett Crozier dispute  
Amazing how the Fake News never covers this. No Interest on Student Loans. The Dems are just talk! 
Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!
 But nothing criminal took place on that Kislyak/Flynn call. And the Flynn “investigation” which never should have been open…
 The reason Obama knew about the Flynn call with Kislyak and even Sally Yates at DOJ didn’t, is that McCabe told Comey, who…
Joe Biden’s handling of the H1N1 Swine Flu was a complete and total disaster. Even polls on the matter were terrible!
The W.H.O. really blew it. For some reason, funded largely by the United States, yet very China centric. We will be giving that a good look. Fortunately I rejected their advice on keeping our borders open to China early on. Why did they give us such a faulty recommendation?
 We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care they need. No resource will be spa…
 At my request, effective midnight tonight, Carnival, Royal Caribbean, Norwegian, and MSC have all agreed to suspend ou…
 Americans are the strongest and most resilient people on earth...We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary…
 THE LONE WARRIOR!
 President Trump promised to bring manufacturing jobs back to places like Erie, Pennsylvania—and he kept that promise by passin…
 CORRECT: Deneen said Harris “is well known as a far-left radical Senator,” and supports socialist ideas such as the Green Ne…
 Oh and Clapper must have been surprised at that briefing from Comey, because Comey denied under oath ever telling Clapper a…
...Religious Liberty, among many other things, are OVER and GONE!
 Agreed
Landing in New Hampshire!
Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Conor Lamb has proven to be an American fraud, and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi. He said he would NOT vote for her for Speaker, and did. Will kill 2A. Voted to impeach (on nothing). A TOTAL ; COMPLETE Sean Parnell Endorsement! 
 To unleash the full power of the Federal Government in this effort, today I am officially declaring a National Emergen…
 Real leadership:-Working with the private sector for solutions-Launching a screening website-Initiating drive-thru test…
 If you're still catching your breath from today, I'm told next week will involve "a bombshell".  I'm standing by ...
 Rosenstein ‘Scope’ Memo Confirms Baselessness of Trump–Russia Probe - my column ... 
 New piece on the framing of Mike Flynn  puts the spotlight on Joe Pientka, the most important guy you've never…
The DACA decision, while a highly political one, and seemingly not based on the law, gives the President of the United States far more power than EVER anticipated. Nevertheless, I will only act in the best interests of the United States of America!
 Biden: “I'm going to get rid of most of Trump's tax cuts” - I’m sure that would be good for the economy, wages, jobs and 401…
 
Why didn’t the I.G., who spent 8 years with the Obama Administration (Did she Report on the failed H1N1 Swine Flu debacle where 17,000 people died?), want to talk to the Admirals, Generals, V.P. ; others in charge, before doing her report. Another Fake Dossier!
 The Fake News Media is giving a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Dem…
 Phony attacked for racist policies. Now they're jointly embracing the radical left.WATCH 🎥…
 On healthcare plans, this analyst says "Kamala Harris is really Bernie Sanders with a skirt.” ➡  
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 
 Trump announces 'Historic Peace Agreement' between Israel, UAEAmazing diplomacy by the Trump administration.
The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough
 Since Democrats won’t speak out against the destruction happening in liberal cities across America… We will. 
The recent Supreme Court decisions, not only on DACA, Sanctuary Cities, Census, and others, tell you only one thing, we need NEW JUSTICES of the Supreme Court. If the Radical Left Democrats assume power, your Second Amendment, Right to Life, Secure Borders, and...


Jim, you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true, and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 
Wisconsin, get out and vote NOW for Justice Daniel Kelly. Protect your 2nd Amendment!
This took place in the Rose Garden, just coming out of a cold Winter! 
 The January 5, 2017 meeting in which Sally Yates said she learned of Flynn-Kislyak call from President Obama himself--Susan…
 When Kamala Harris says she and Biden have a vision for the country just remember that vision is CA for All:  sanctuary citie…
 It’s amazing being in my home state of Ohio touring with Women for Trump as we prepare to  
 The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Pa…
Just had a conf call w/ major lenders discussing our Great Small Businesses ; the  I ask every company, big ; small, making announcements about innovative contributions, hiring new workers, or looking to overcome setbacks to share your stories with  
 To those families and citizens who are worried and concerned for themselves and their loved ones, I want you to know t…
 A Biden-Harris fracking ban would kill MILLIONS of jobs ; send energy prices through the roof.Who would benefit? Adv…
....about whether or not Joe could have done such a horrible thing? Maybe or maybe not, but I find Joe to be a total Nut Job, and I knew him well, far better than most. So many unanswered ; obvious questions, but I won’t bring them up now! Law enforcement eventually will?
The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough was not a Donald Trump original thought, this has been going on for years, long before I joined the chorus. In 2016 when Joe ; his wacky future ex-wife, Mika, would endlessly interview me, I would always be thinking....
 Live free or die. 🇺🇸Welcome back to New Hampshire Mr. President!    🏔 
As President of the United States, I am asking for a legal solution on DACA, not a political one, consistent with the rule of law. The Supreme Court is not willing to give us one, so now we have to start this process all over again.
 Live shot of man living rent free inside Adam Schiff’s head 

Great Job by Judicial Watch. Potentially a treasure trove. Too bad you are not given more help, but it will all work out! 

Stock Market up BIG, DOW crosses 25,000. S;P 500 over 3000. States should open up ASAP. The Transition to Greatness has started, ahead of schedule. There will be ups and downs, but next year will be one of the best ever!
 I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment, which will…
New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!
 DOJ: Interview by FBI agents of “conducted without any legitimate investigative basis “I sent them”
 Thank you, Mr. President. We love you in the Live free or die state. Thank you for coming! 
I will be releasing a new list of Conservative Supreme Court Justice nominees, which may include some, or many of those already on the list, by September 1, 2020. If given the opportunity, I will only choose from this list, as in the past, a Conservative Supreme Court Justice...
Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
We made most Governors look very good, even great, by getting them the Ventilators, unlimited Testing, and supplies, all of which they should have had in their own stockpiles. So they look great, and I just keep rolling along, doing great things and getting Fake Lamestream News!
 President Trump is draining the Swamp. But the Swamp is fighting back.• 2016: FBI spies on campaign• 2017-2019: Mueller…
News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!
“No corroborating evidence to back reports.” Department of Defense. Do people still not understand that this is all a made up Fake News Media Hoax started to slander me ; the Republican Party. I was never briefed because any info that they may have had did not rise to that level
Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
Extraordinary rescue yesterday by our brave and “Semper Paratus” U.S. Coast Guard. Our rapid response and the vessel’s survival equipment allowed these four mariners to see their loved ones again. Well done 
TODAY IS A NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER. GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
 Let’s get this straight:-Democrats want you to stay in your house to combat  -Democrats also believe we sh…
Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions, just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!
....One person lost to this invisible virus is too much, it should have been stopped at its source, China, but I acted very quickly, and made the right decisions. Many of the current political complainers thought, at the time, that I was moving far to fast, like Crazy Nancy!
For all of the political hacks out there, if I hadn’t done my job well, ; early, we would have lost 1 1/2 to 2 Million People, as opposed to the 100,000 plus that looks like will be the number. That’s 15 to 20 times more than we will lose. I shut down entry from China very early!
Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on Look forward to it.
I am watching a great and beautiful service by Pastor Jentezen Franklin. Thank you!
First thing the anarchists did upon taking over Seattle was “BUILD A WALL”. See, I was ahead of our times!
If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!
 Pro-life groups denounce Biden-Harris as 'most pro-abortion ticket in history' - Washington Times 
  Disastrous Week Was a Product of His Own Incompetence 
 We’ve created more jobs in the last 3 months than Joe Biden and Barack Obama created in their 8 years in office. 
 The Trump Campaign Just Got Some Head-Turning TERRIFIC NEWSRNC has registered 100K new voters in the 2020 cycle nearly…
Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!

 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 House Democrats are now considering  legislation that PAYS states to let criminals out of prison. But those s…
 There is nothing worse than a disgruntled, arrogant, egotistical, and all around miserable warmonger who gets fired from th…
....horrible BLM chant, “Pigs In A Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”. Maybe our GREAT Police, who have been neutralized and scorned by a mayor who hates ; disrespects them, won’t let this symbol of hate be affixed to New York’s greatest street. Spend this money fighting crime instead!
How brilliant are our FARMERS? Thank you real talent!  
 Biden and Harris want to raise your taxes, eliminate your health plan, and send your utility bills through the roof. T…
 Seriously? You are shameless clearly you will do anything for power. Roll tape.  
 The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt in history! 
 With a straight face, Biden just said President Trump has been coddling terrorists around the world.🧐After Biden advised…
We are doing very precise Medical Screenings at our airports. Pardon the interruptions and delays, we are moving as quickly as possible, but it is very important that we be vigilant and careful. We must get it right. Safety first!
 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
It was not Ambassador Lighthizer’s fault (yesterday in Committee) in that perhaps I didn’t make myself clear, but the U.S. certainly does maintain a policy option, under various conditions, of a complete decoupling from China. Thank you!
....A total double standard. The only thing the Dems have going for them is their very close relationship with the Fake News Lamestream Media!
Didn’t Obama, whose Administration has now been caught cold illegally spying on the Trump campaign, recently also get caught playing golf on a course in Virginia, despite his wife Michelle urging people to stay home, before and after his round, in a major public service message?
NYC is cutting Police $’s by ONE BILLION DOLLARS, and yet the is going to paint a big, expensive, yellow Black Lives Matter sign on Fifth Avenue, denigrating this luxury Avenue. This will further antagonize New York’s Finest, who LOVE New York ; vividly remember the....
 Republicans helped build the greatest economy in a generation and the American way of life was thriving. With
....The USA was never set up for this, just look at the catastrophe of the H1N1 Swine Flu (Biden in charge, 17,000 people lost, very late response time), but it soon will be. Great decision to close our China, and other, borders early. Saved many lives!
There will be a News Conference by the CoronaVirus Task Force today at the White House, 5 P.M.  We are working closely with the Governors of our Country’s great States, which are a very big factor. They are working hard, along with us, to get the job properly done.....
 Weekend column coming soon ... here's Thursday's: 
 Spot on "Hiding Mr. Biden in a basement has been absurdly accepted by the media. Unable to toss Ms. Har…
Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!
 That dude will be incredible at folding pizza boxes when voters finally realize their error

 In new episode of TheMcCarthyReport, and I look at the Rosenstein 'scope memo' that authorized Mueller's pr…
 I’ve been going through the interview transcripts that ODNI forced to release. It’s now clear why every Republican…
 LIVE: President Trump Delivers Remarks on Protecting Seniors 
Proud to propose a $25M award to to replace and expand the Blue Water Bridge port of entry in CRITCAL for security, operations, and commerce at our country’s third BUSIEST U.S.-Canada border crossing!
Can’t believe they are not going after Schumer for the threats he made to our cherished United States Supreme Court, and our two great Justices. If a Republican did that, there would be an endless price to pay. Pathetic!
 It is VERY clear watching these hearings that Amy Coney Barrett will be confirmed. The Democrats have got nothin’.
 Shortly after the Communications director admitted they were shadow banning today's Biden exposé, has now…
 On now...
 Phony Kamala Harris said she's interested in packing the Supreme Court by adding four seats for liberal activists 
Don’t worry, wonderful ; beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!
How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?
 Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on Look forward to it.
So now it is reported that, after destroying his life ; the life of his wonderful family (and many others also), the FBI, working in conjunction with the Justice Department, has “lost” the records of General Michael Flynn. How convenient. I am strongly considering a Full Pardon!
 My column on DOJ's dropping of Flynn case ... 
 McCabe testified he couldn't think of a single damaging piece of info "off the top of my head" that the FBI had verified f…
Special thank you to the and — for their support of what will, without question, be a special evening!  
Thank you! 
I hope all Republican House Members vote NO on FISA until such time as our Country is able to determine how and why the greatest political, criminal, and subversive scandal in USA history took place!
Great news for Louisiana! $135M proposed to from to build 8.3 miles of elevated highway from Leeville Bridge to Golden Meadow to protect access to the area against flooding.
Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!
“The number of New Yorkers admitted to hospitals has dropped.”  Good news!
....Twitter is completely stifling FREE SPEECH, and I, as President, will not allow it to happen!
 is now interfering in the 2020 Presidential Election. They are saying my statement on Mail-In Ballots, which will lead to massive corruption and fraud, is incorrect, based on fact-checking by Fake News CNN and the Amazon Washington Post....
 Disrespected? A billion Indians love him. So do the vast majority of Japanese, Israelis, S Koreans, Filipinos,…
The Fake and Corrupt News never called Google. They said this was not true. Even in times such as these, they are not truthful. Watch for their apology, it won’t happen. More importantly, thank you to Google! 
 will be awarded $12 million from to help finish the Corridor H project between Kerens and Parsons, key to a booming economy in the Great State of West Virginia!
I’m proud to propose a $6.8M award to from to complete the last phase of the Merrimac Bridge rehabilitation – more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over Lake Wisconsin!
 Something seems rotten in Flynn's case — and maybe others, too 
 Enjoy our new ad.  the fight:  
  Rescue America Rally Chicago is under way and we are KILLING IT today!!!!  
Republicans should fight very hard when it comes to state wide mail-in voting. Democrats are clamoring for it. Tremendous potential for voter fraud, and for whatever reason,  doesn’t work out well for Republicans.
OBAMAGATE!
 From over a year ago, on the case for already way overdue disclosure of Rosenstein scope memo and other hidden testimo…
 “We appreciate the support of government officials and industry partners and thank the Google engineers who have voluntee…
 Statement from Verily: "We are developing a tool to help triage individuals for Covid-19 testing. Verily is in the early…
 Rosenstein 'scope' memo was written and concealed because he failed to comply with regs in appointing Mueller, and was…
Great News: The boring but very nasty magazine, The Atlantic, is rapidly failing, going down the tubes, and has just been forced to announce it is laying off at least 20% of its staff in order to limp into the future. This is a tough time to be in the Fake News Business!
 I've never in my lifetime seen a president be so disrespected as him. I think most men would have gave up a…

 will have $34.6M headed its way for a new interchange on I-77 in Rock Hill! This will facilitate access to a 234-acre development site at Exit 81. HUGE innovation and development coming to the area!
Great things headed to Tennessee! $11.2M is headed to from to install fiber optic communications on I-40 from Memphis to Nashville. This is HUGE for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it!
 I can’t even describe the sinking feeling I got last night being attacked for being gay ; just having to take it- bc if…
 Voicing joy and excitement from behind face masks, tens of thousands of people flee Wuhan after a 76-day travel ban is lifted on t…
 The last restrictions on movement have been lifted in the central Chinese city where the coronavirus pandemic began. People are goi…
 Stock Market up BIG, DOW crosses 25,000. S;P 500 over 3000. States should open up ASAP. The Transition to Greatness ha…
The individual Governors of States, and local officials, must step up their efforts on drive up testing and testing sights, working in conjunction with and the Federal Government!
Thank you Debbie! 
 For laughs, rehearsing ... The Rosenstein Memo 
 And this ... Rod Rosenstein’s Resistance 
Port Tampa Bay in Florida will be awarded $19.9 million from to improve Hooker’s Point container facility, adding much-needed capacity to keep commerce moving and allowing the region to GROW!
 $6.2M is coming your way from to bring major upgrades and improve rail transportation to the port. HUGE for JOBS and the economy in the region!

Will be immediately sending 100 Ventilators to Colorado at the request of Senator Gardner! 
The Failing winner of for its totally flawed coverage of the illegal Russia Witch Hunt, does its research as follows: Think of the absolute worst things you can say about Donald J. Trump, pretend there are sources, and just say it. RETURN THE PULITZERS!

 Dear Lord, I ask that you protect Donald Trump as he leads our nation head on against pure evil.. put all his enemies under h…
 Not a criminal like those who tried to coup a duly elected president and overturn an American election. ha…
 Absolutely !  This has been such an injustice to Gen. Flynn, his family and the American people  - the o…
Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!
So great to see our Country starting to open up again! 
 is set to be awarded $65 million from to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the RI-246 corridor – greatly improving travel through the region!
 in Texas is set to receive $79.5M from for much-needed restoration and upgrades to the Barbours Cut Container Terminal. This will increase capacity and efficiency of the terminal. GREAT for economic growth in this busy region!
Proposing $73.7M to for the Puget Sound Gateway Program from Will build “missing links” to the Ports and improve commerce and safety – BIG boost to the economy and JOBS!
...the Fake News Media into not covering them, but that effort failed because the ratings are through the roof according to, of all sources, the Failing New York Times, “Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale” type numbers (; sadly, they get it $FREE). Trump Derangement Syndrome!
When are the Fake Journalists, who received unwarranted Pulitzer Prizes for Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Scam, going to turn in their tarnished awards so they can be given to the real journalists who got it right. I’ll give you the names, there are plenty of them!
 Thank you for your leadership. The task force is tackling real national security issues that not only de…
The Radical Left Democrats have gone absolutely crazy that I am doing daily Presidential News Conferences. They actually want me to STOP! They used to complain that I am not doing enough of them, now they complain that I “shouldn’t be allowed to do them.” They tried to shame.....
Congratulations to author Nick Adams on the publication of your new book, “Trump and Churchill, Defenders of Western Civilization”. Certainly a great honor to be compared, in any way, to Winston Churchill. 
I’m proposing a $50M award to from to reconstruct the Tropicana Avenue/I-15 interchange. So important for improving and reducing traffic in this booming area!
$25M coming your way The great state of North Carolina is set to be awarded funding to help complete highway improvements in the US 74 corridor in Cleveland, Columbus, and Robeson Counties. Huge for travel and growth in the area!
 On October 1, 2018, President announced that negotiations on the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement wer…
 We are representing Team God
The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor Thank you Ken!
 And at the same time the most respected.  Interesting
Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNYRY, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the Invisible Enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM, perhaps like never before!!!
I must say, that was a VERY boring debate. Biden lied when he said I want to cut Social Security and Medicare. That’s what they ALL said 4 years ago, and nothing happened, in fact, I saved Social Security and Medicare. I will not be cutting, but they will. Be careful!
News conference live from the today. 5:00 P.M. Eastern!
We are getting great marks for the handling of the CoronaVirus pandemic, especially the very early BAN of people from China, the infectious source, entering the USA. Compare that to the Obama/Sleepy Joe disaster known as H1N1 Swine Flu. Poor marks, bad polls - didn’t have a clue!
 Trump blasts California over mail-in voting following Republican lawsuit  
 Statement by DNI Ratcliffe: "I have confirmed that neither the President nor the Vice President were ever briefed on any intel…
We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan. We have them on tape. They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act. Turn yourselves in now!
Floridians will get $10M grant from for I-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and important messages in real time! Will make getting BACK TO WORK easier. Great work
$71.5M will be headed to from to finish the Greenville Bypass in Washington County. So important for economic growth in the area and reducing travel times through Western Mississippi on US 82!
 I have agreed to write a regular column for - there are very few news outlets that strive to be balanced in th…
Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd.
Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNTRY, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the Invisible Enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM, perhaps like never before!!!



I’m designating $56.8M to to construct a redesigned interchange at I-95 and SR 896 in New Castle County. Huge improvement for traffic flow and safety in this important area!
My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!
Thank you Mike! 
 Other counties know that if Biden is elected, the status quo foreign policy establishment will retake power, and any hope fo…
 The hand-wringing over a Barr-Durham October Surprise is pretty rich given all the political damage that the debunked coll…
 Don't miss "Witch Hunt: The Flynn Vindication" this Sunday at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel 
FLATTENING OF THE CURVE!
 Sleepy Joe is SO CONFUSED. Joe has...- Called the coronavirus “SARS”- Called the coronavirus the “swine flu”- Ca…
Former CBS Reporter One Of The First ‘To Identify Myself As A Target of Illegal Spying Under Obama Admin’ 
Thank you! 
 Nobel peace prize for Trump!

True! 
Big news for Colorado! $60.7M proposed to from for improvements and enhanced safety to the Vail Pass on I-70, between miles 180-190. HUGE for safe travel through the region!
Bernie Sanders is OUT! Thank you to Elizabeth Warren. If not for her, Bernie would have won almost every state on Super Tuesday! This ended just like the Democrats ; the DNC wanted, same as the Crooked Hillary fiasco. The Bernie people should come to the Republican Party, TRADE!
 Joe Biden would set an extreme and dangerous course on illegal immigration.Wouldn’t deport anyone except convicted felon…
 If you missed the show, “Witch Hunt: The Flynn Vindication,” it repeats tonight at 11 pm, eastern, on the Fox News Channe…
Congratulations to Officer John Catanzara for being elected President of the Chicago Police Union. He always “Gets the Job Done”. 
 Joe diGenova: Rice Memo Shifted Blame to James Comey, ‘Who I Predict’ Will Be Indicted 
 Ex-Independent Counsel Robert Ray predicts prosecutions from Durham probe: ‘Political scandal of the highest order’ 
 We need a Lion to change Washington, DC. 
Great crowd, great people! 
Designating $38.1 million to from to replace SEVEN bridges and improve FIVE locations in Kennebec, Oxford, Penobscot, and Somerset Counties. Very important for keeping our bridges safe and people moving in the Great State of Maine!
$55.15M will be on its way to to widen from two lanes to four lanes between the KY 191 overpass and the KY 205 interchange. Must keep the people of Kentucky moving efficiently and safely!
Wow, Bernie is unwilling to give up his delegates, and wants more of them! What’s that all about?
 Judge in Flynn case hired an attorney to represent him in appeals court review of his actions. This is not allowed becaus…
 The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Coun…
The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
Great things coming to Arkansas! $40M to be awarded to from to reconstruct and improve US 67 in and Lonoke Counties. Will reduce congestion and travel time – a huge boost for economic growth!
$40M proposed to in Minnesota from for the Ramsey Gateway Project on US Highway 10/169. Will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area!

 Joe Biden is a train wreck on illegal immigration and would harm national security.He’d have ZERO deportations for the firs…
 Moreover, if Sullivan discussed his thoughts about the case with private counsel, hasn’t he engaged in improper “ex parte…
HAPPY MOTHER’S DAY!
Can’t see AOC plus 3 supporting Sleepy Joe!
News Conference at 9:30. Great Jobs Numbers!
  look what's trending on Twitter.I'll bet these guys aren't laughing today. 
 Even more relevant today... President is the MOST pro-Israel President in history! 
 KT McFarland: Rice Email Was a ‘Cover Your A**’ Memorandum 
 Yovanovitch Misleading in ’19 Impeachment Testimony; GOP Requests All Documents on Burisma and Hunter Biden 
God Bless the USA!

Extraordinary times require even closer cooperation between friends. Thank you India and the Indian people for the decision on HCQ. Will not be forgotten! Thank you Prime Minister for your strong leadership in helping not just India, but humanity, in this fight!
Everybody is so well unified and working so hard. It is a beautiful thing to see. They love our great Country. We will end up being stronger than ever before!
 Crunch time      
 Thank you 😘😘😘
Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country! 
 In apparent ‘error,’ YouTube has been censoring comments critical of Chinese Communist Party | Just The News 
 Declassifications to continue: White House hints that under new intel chief, more Michael Flynn documents could be rel…
 President Trump blasts Twitter after the platform disputed the accuracy of two of his tweets | Just The News 

 Watch a News Report On Jerry Nadler's Russia Ties:  
 Tucker Carlson Calls On Adam Schiff To Resign Over Russiagate Hoax (VIDEO)  via
Bill is GREAT! 

White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
 Biased Jimmy Kimmel apologizes for conning his audience by deceptively editing video of VP Mike Pence to make it look lik…
 Flynn Attorney: Whole Thing ‘Set Up Within the FBI and in the Oval Office with President Obama 
...ruling ; request of yesterday. I have wanted to take care of DACA recipients better than the Do Nothing Democrats, but for two years they refused to negotiate - They have abandoned DACA. Based on the decision the Dems can’t make DACA citizens. They gained nothing!
The Supreme Court asked us to resubmit on DACA, nothing was lost or won. They “punted”, much like in a football game (where hopefully they would stand for our great American Flag). We will be submitting enhanced papers shortly in order to properly fulfil the Supreme Court’s.....
Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!
Just had a  very good tele-conference with Nations’s Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to “do more”.
HISTORIC JOBS NUMBERS!  
Wishing a HAPPY PASSOVER to those celebrating in the United States, Israel, and around the world! 
Just had a  very good tele-conference with Nation’s Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to “do more”.
 Trump’s Comments on Reopening Country Exactly What We Need Now, Sexton Says  
 is out with another of their phony polls, done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016. Watch what happens in November. Fox is terrible!
 BREAKING: FBI opened Russia probe on third-hand ‘suggestion’ of collusion, declassified memo shows. Former FBI exec sa…
 TUNE IN NOW! 
 “67 days from now, we’re going to win the great state of New Hampshire!” 
 “Last night, it was my great honor to accept the Republican Nomination for President of the United States.”  
 Trump on Russia Hoax: ‘When the Papers Come Out’ We Will Learn Obama ‘Knew Everything’ 
Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!  
Fake News will never change! 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 

....happen again. Just like we can’t let large scale Mail-In Ballots take root in our Country. It would be a free for all on cheating, forgery and the theft of Ballots. Whoever cheated the most would win. Likewise, Social Media. Clean up your act, NOW!!!!

Any protesters, anarchists, agitators, looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand, you will not be treated like you have been in New York, Seattle, or Minneapolis. It will be a much different scene!
The biggest political crime in American history, by far! 
 As you see legions of legal “experts” and Democrat politicians appearing on MSNBC/CNN tonight to cry over the Flynn decisio…
Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!
Esther is GREAT! 
  
 Rep Jerry Nadler is perhaps the best case for term limits


 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Republicans feel that Social Media Platforms totally silence conservatives voices. We will strongly regulate, or close them down, before we can ever allow this to happen. We saw what they attempted to do, and failed, in 2016. We can’t let a more sophisticated version of that....
Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
 TUNE IN NOW!  
 📺  sits down with to discuss the RNC’s legal efforts to protect the vote! ⬇️ ⬇️ ⬇️ 
Texas loves John! 
 Between the Waco series on Netflix and now the dismissal of the case against Flynn, not exactly a strong moment in time for…
Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy!  

 To date, we've shipped out more than 8,000 ventilators, have an additional 10,000 ready to go, and 2,200 more will be avail…
I ask all Americans to band together and support your neighbors by not hoarding unnecessary amounts of food and essentials. TOGETHER we will stay STRONG and overcome this challenge!
Yesterday I spoke with the great American Grocers and Supply Chain Executives. We are confident that supply will continue to meet demand nationwide. These beacons of our community will remain open for you, no matter what. We are working hard to remove any barriers to that effort!
 Easy to think good guys won today, justice has been done for General Flynn. But that’s only partially true-Deep state lib…
We have informed both India and China that the United States is ready, willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute. Thank you!
 An amazing achievement. A credit to Israel and the UAE and the Trump administration’s strategy for the ME. The Trump admin…
 McCabe is a dishonorable partisan scumbag who has done incalculable damage to the reputation of the FBI and should be sitti…
 📺  interviews about President record of Promises MADE and Promises KEPT! ⬇️ ⬇️…
 If Joe Biden had his way, he would stay in the basement forever.But most Americans are not privileged politicians.…
Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
“THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE.”
 HISTORIC JOBS NUMBERS!  
New papers make CLEAR that the Obama Administration SPIED, in an unprecedented manner, on the Trump Campaign and beyond, and even on the United States Senate. Nobody would ever have believed that this level of illegality and corruption would be taking place in our beautiful USA!
 WOAH: Terry McAuliffe recorded saying Dems prefer Biden stay 'in the basement'  via
 “The experts tell us that the USMCA… could create up to 589,000 new jobs across this country.” 
We MUST lower drug prices for patients! and have SHOWN LEADERSHIP while and WALK AWAY!
 Trump: "Which is easier: dealing with the Democrats or dealing with the Middle East." Mnuchin: "...I'll be hopeful that w…
  on Investigation: 'We Need an That We Can Trust' 
 “The police dept, based on their observation in person, and on the highway cameras, combined with the formulas of roadway o…
This morning, 450,000 protective suits landed in Dallas, Texas. This was made possible because of the partnership of two great American companies—DuPont and FedEx—and our friends in Vietnam. Thank you! 
The United States will be powerfully supporting those industries, like Airlines and others, that are particularly affected by the Chinese Virus. We will be stronger than ever before!
I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!
Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC...
OBAMAGATE MAKES WATERGATE LOOK LIKE SMALL POTATOES!
 From 'A Look Back On The Russia, Mueller, And Flynn Investigations.' He cuts to the chase. 
If the Dems get in, our Country is in big trouble! 
SPIRIT OF AMERICA SHOWCASE! 
 
Absentee Ballots are a great way to vote for the many senior citizens, military, and others who can’t get to the polls on Election Day. These ballots are very different from 100% Mail-In Voting, which is “RIPE for FRAUD,” and shouldn’t be allowed!
 My primary goal is to lessen the loss of life.  Our economy can be rebuilt.  The loss of life is permanent. I appr…
 “Joe Biden hasn’t been back in Minnesota in 1,000 days.”  
...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!
I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY...
We are acting as a police force, not the fighting force that we are, in Afghanistan. After 19 years, it is time for them to police their own Country. Bring our soldiers back home but closely watch what is going on and strike with a thunder like never before, if necessary!
Big crowds and lines already forming in Tulsa. My campaign hasn’t started yet. It starts on Saturday night in Oklahoma!
 In June, the U.S. economy broke records for the largest: 📈 Overall jobs gain📈 Women’s job gain📉 Decline in unemploye…
Thank you to Eli Lake! 
 Today, we are seeing the results of decades of left-wing indoctrination in our schools.No American student should be made…
  A key CoronaVirus Model is now predicting far fewer deaths than the number shown in earlier models. That’s because the American people are doing a great job. Social Distancing etc. Keep going!
 I look forward to getting back to work with my Senate colleagues and President Trump to contain this virus and stabili…
Great news Lindsey! 
We pass 15,000,000 Tests Today, by far the most in the World. Open Safely!
The Democrats are doing totally false advertising. They have done NOTHING for years, including when Sleepy Joe was V.P., and they now have a Fake ad that my China Deal is losing us jobs. Opposite, ; China is paying us $BILLIONS. Also, I LOVE Seniors ; protect Preexisting C’s.
 President thanks American Veterans ahead of Independence Day 
 Well based on Biden’s America last policies and his history with terrible trade deals is 100% right.
 "Collapsing". 🤣🤣🤣🤣You mean the dishonest dropping of the Flynn case by a corrupt DOJ.
I have directed to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind ; caring grandfather!
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS
On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the more than 500,000 American warriors captured while protecting our way of life. We pay tribute to these Patriots for their unwavering and unrelenting spirit! 
The “Times” is a disgrace to journalism! 
Dr. Taylor Marshall, author. “There Is A War On Christianity”. 
 Rosenstein ‘Scope’ Memo Confirms Baselessness of Trump–Russia Probe
 Who will be 1st (besides Trump) to call for Treason Charges ; deman…
 Unless people are indited and put in prison the corruption will continue. People will continue…
The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!

Psycho Joe Scarborough is rattled, not only by his bad ratings but all of the things and facts that are coming out on the internet about opening a Cold Case. He knows what is happening!
I am ready to have and send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
Why are the Democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads. They should be called out. They did nothing when they had the chance. I have done FAR more than any President in first 3 1/2 years!
Thank you to the great Pat Lynch ; the I will never let you down! 
Great News: Prime Minister Boris Johnson has just been moved out of Intensive Care. Get well Boris!!!
 Team Mueller 🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️👇🏻👇🏻
 Did Congress get those Briefings when all the had on their mind…
The Radical Left Lamestream Media, together with their partner, the Do Nothing Democrats, are trying to spread a new narrative that President Trump was slow in reacting to Covid 19. Wrong, I was very fast, even doing the Ban on China long before anybody thought necessary!
I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
The Governor of North Carolina, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, ; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR
Tony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football. They are planning a very safe and controlled opening. However, if they don’t stand for our National Anthem and our Great American Flag, I won’t be watching!!!
 
The Wall Street Journal always “forgets” to mention that the ratings for the White House Press Briefings are “through the roof” (Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale, according to ; is only way for me to escape the Fake News ; get my views across. WSJ is Fake News!
 A simple truth.
 Positivity rates declining in many states as covid19 testing expands nationally. 
I just spoke to the highly respected Mayor of Tulsa, G.T. Bynum, who informed me there will be no curfew tonight or tomorrow for our many supporters attending the  Rally. Enjoy yourselves - thank you to Mayor Bynum!
Thank you George! 
Twitter has now shown that everything we have been saying about them (and their other compatriots) is correct. Big action to follow!
Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!
....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana ; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. ; are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!


 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 Leftist math genius caught in another FAIL over lying about Trump’s comments to governors to make him look bad 
 Dan Bongino and Others Call out NYT Editor for Altering Trump Quote From Conference Call With Governors 
 It’s pretty hilarious that the NY Times thinks we’re not gonna fact-check everything they say and type, give their propensity…
 Wow.The DOJ moves to dismiss the charges against the Russian Company (Concord) who conducted the alleged "information war…
 OBAMAGATE MAKES WATERGATE LOOK LIKE SMALL POTATOES!
 This case, like everything related to the Russia investigation, got weaker and weaker the more we learned about it. What a f…
Congressman is working hard for the people of Kentucky! He fights for his fellow Farmers, and is Strong on Trade, Cutting Taxes, and the Second Amendment. Jamie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
The United States has been experiencing, believe it or not,  Historically Low Crime Rates. The last thing we will be doing is Defunding or Eliminating our many and various Police Departments or, putting an end to our great Second Amendment!
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
Happy   
Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota   Thank you so much. I will never let you down!
 Project Air Bridge—a sweeping operation to keep doctors and nurses supplied with protective equipment—has completed more th…
 "Let me begin by expressing my sincere gratitude to the American people. Millions of Americans are making profound and diff…
 Our great American medical system continues to go above and beyond the call of duty. 🇺🇸 
 
 The Atlantic spews communist China’s propaganda while trashing the Trump administration.  And it’s not alone among the A…
 Welcome to Launch Day 🚀Live  coverage starts at 12:15pm ET. Liftoff is at 4:33pm ET. Let’s light this candle!…
Congressman fights for the Commonwealth of Kentucky! A West Point graduate, he is Strong on Jobs, Reducing Taxes, and our Great Military and Vets. Brett has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
“It’s a trap because they want to tank the economy and make everything look trrrible so they can make President Trump look bad in November. They want Trump to have to send in troops so it looks bad for him.”  Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book.”
 President delivers remarks in Orange, TX 
 Why do I think that, if a Democrat were targeted, classified leaks, perjury traps, massaging FBI reports, misleading a…
 LIVE: President delivers remarks in Lake Charles, LA 
Great News! 
....We will always be there for our Great Farmers, Cattlemen, Ranchers, and Producers!
I have directed to expedite help to our farmers, especially to the smaller farmers who are hurting right now. I expect Secretary Purdue to use all of the funds and authorities at his disposal to make sure that our food supply is stable, strong, and safe....
 Democrat Party-press wrong and disappointed
 The debate tonight is hardly a debate at all. Biden has largely moved hard left where there are now relatively few diffe…
 It’s amazing how hospitable the moderators are to the Democrat Party’s leftwing agenda.  Thus far, absolutely no serious…
I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
Senator Mitch McConnell  always delivers for the people of Kentucky, who will hopefully re-elect their powerful Senate Majority Leader. Mitch has helped us Make America Great Again, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
If I didn’t demand that National Guard Troops go into Minneapolis after watching how poorly the Liberal Democrat government was handling things, you wouldn’t even have a Minneapolis now. Once they were deployed, in force, all looting, burning and crime stopped DEAD!
 LIVE NOW: History is about to be made. Watch as  to the from American soil for the…
WARRANTLESS SURVEILLANCE OF AMERICANS IS WRONG!
More Fake News, this time from Jimmy Kimmel’s last place show! 
Watch Mark Levin NOW on Topic: Mail-In Voting!
 Time-lapse footage shows efforts to convert sites at SUNY Old Westbury into an alternate care facility.1020 beds for various…
 The New York District, in conjunction with state, federal and local partners, is constructing an alternate care facility for…
 The Jewish case for President Trump
 Because  knows very well how DOJ and it’s division, the FBI, actually operate —or are supposed to operate…
Thank you to and for their hard work and leadership. Look forward to being back with you on Saturday!
 Regardless of what Judge Sullivan does in regard to Flynn, honest observers have to reckon with what we now know about the inv…
The Governor of North Carolina, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, ; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR
Why are Democrats and unions working against life-changing school choice for underserved children? President Trump supports SCHOOL CHOICE!  
I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
 NJ National Guard aids in medical care: Col. Stephen McKenzie, a physician assistant with Joint Task Force-57 (JTF-57)…
 This morning, 450,000 protective suits landed in Dallas, Texas. This was made possible because of the partnership of t…
  The first human trial to evaluate a candidate vaccine against the new coronavirus has begun in Seattle, US health official…
 “Joe Biden is the puppet of the radical Left movement.” 
 “Our movement is about a brighter future for all Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed.”  
 "Today, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation ; played a vital role in America'…
Joe Biden’s rally. ZERO enthusiasm! 
Minnesota, we need Lacy Johnson in Washington, D.C. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He’s tough and smart - and loves Minnesota. Look at the MESS you just went through - No more. Next time call up the National Guard much sooner, and Vote for Lacy! 
If the FISA Bill is passed tonight on the House floor, I will quickly VETO it. Our Country has just suffered through the greatest political crime in its history. The massive abuse of FISA was a big part of it!
The Governor of North Carolina, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, ; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR
 JUST IN: ; GOP BEAT Biden ; DNC in views AND fundraising during convention week! It’s clear: the hopeful messag…
 Whoa Congress was briefed on original 302 which is now “missing”
About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!
 Avoid eating out. Use carry-out, drive-thru, and delivery options. 
 Help make the next 15 days count and avoid social gatherings of more than 10 people. 
 Social distancing can help slow the spread of  in affected communities. This means avoiding crowded places and maintain…
 Fernanda Brooks, Navy Facilities Mid-Atlantic architect, assists Wayne Miller, structural engineer, in a site…
 We're working with partners to get medical supplies where they are needed by:🔹 Making the best use of supplies at hand🔹 Identi…
 A big thank you to the amazing people who supported ; congratulated me on the 2nd anniversary of  I will continue to fo…
Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME!  
....I have asked for this investigation to be expedited and greatly appreciate all of the work done by local law enforcement. My heart goes out to George’s family and friends. Justice will be served!
At my request, the FBI and the Department of Justice are already well into an investigation as to the very sad and tragic death in Minnesota of George Floyd....
Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. doing a great job! 

 Really appreciate the efforts of Dr.  He has become a national treasure just like ALL of our healthcare workers…
 Multiple  flights arrived in Chicago, IL today ; included: • 49M+ gloves• 507k+ gowns• 8.7M+ masks Th…
 FEMA’S ‘Project Airbridge’ Takes Flight With 25 Charter Flights, Dedicated Distribution Center  - 
 Holy shit she bodied him 
  Kevin Clinesmith expected to plead guilty. Don’t forget: Clinesmith texted “Viva le resistance,” shortly aft…
 That attorney, Kevin Clinesmith, now faces prison time for deliberately falsifying documents in service of illegal warrants t…
 Kevin Clinesmith:-Worked for Peter Strzok.-Deliberately doctored  evidence.-Bragged about being part of the “resis…
 Tony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football. They are planning a very safe and controlled opening. However, if they…
Darrell always has had my full support and complete and total Endorsement. We need him badly in Washington! 
Just returned to Washington from Louisiana ; Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!
"He is arguably the greatest president in our history.” Thank you 
 President Trump’s decision to declare a national emergency over the  pandemic is the right call.  It wil…
 An international cargo plane landed at Louisville International Airport with crucial medical supplies destined for critical l…
The thugs who accosted Senator and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!
 911, I'd like to report a Homicide in the WH Briefing room. Savage😝 

....as to whether they want help in taking back Seattle. Ready to move quickly! Damage to various Democrat run Cities ; States, including statue demolition, should not be allowed to happen. Ready to solve problem quickly! Federal Government is Ready, Willing ; Able
Informed Dr. Fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with NFL Football. Forced Democrat run Minnesota to bring in the National Guard ; end rioting ; looting after seeing the destruction ; crime in Minneapolis. 100% successful! Waiting to hear from Dem run Washington State...
 should move Fredo back to the morning slot. He was rewarded for bad ratings with a much better time slot - and again got really bad ratings. Getting totally trounced by Give him another shot in the morning - He would easily beat Morning Joe’s poorly rated show!
 Kevin Clinesmith, the corrupt FBI lawyer who deliberately fabricated evidence to justify spying on Page, will plead guilty to…
 Kevin Clinesmith, reportedly pleading guilty today, was the FBI "Resistance" figure who worried at the time of Trump's ele…

Federal Government is working very well with the Governors and State officials. Good things will happen! 
Cuomo wants “all states to be treated the same.” But all states aren’t the same. Some are being hit hard by the Chinese Virus, some are being hit practically not at all. New York is a very big “hotspot”, West Virginia has, thus far, zero cases. Andrew, keep politics out of it....
Thank you! 
 
 Superheroes exist in real life, for we walk among them! Shout out to all the dedicated health professionals and Sailors acros…

Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
 Clinesmith's guilty plea is the beginning of the end of the NeverTrump and Resistance delusion that there was no spying, no c…

...Importantly, we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania, Nevada, and elsewhere! 
State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam...
Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!
I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
 According to the mainstream media, the riots ; extreme violence are completely unorganized. However, it appears this coup attempt…
 Susan Rice knowingly lied to America about “the video” - Obama and Clinton abandon our Patriots, Rice abaondon…
 This edition of One America News Investigates is one Joe Biden does not want you to see. Join ; a stellar lineup, inc…
Mail-In Ballots will lead to massive electoral fraud and a rigged 2020 Election. Look at all of the cases and examples that are out there right now, with the Patterson, N.J., being the most recent example. Republicans, in particular, cannot let this happen!
...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon!
I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!
Failing  Michigan Governor must work harder and be much more proactive. We are pushing her to get the job done. I stand with Michigan!
 
Big Tech is doing everything in their very considerable power to CENSOR in advance of the 2020 Election. If that happens, we no longer have our freedom. I will never let it happen! They tried hard in 2016, and lost. Now they are going absolutely CRAZY. Stay Tuned!!!
Wow, this is BIG! 
  Ga. state Rep. Vernon Jones discusses his support of President Trump ; how the black community has benefited und…
 Clinesmith knew after Trump's election that he was in big legal trouble, but that didn't stop him from fabricating evidence w…
 Clinesmith, In Order to Save Himself, Has Implicated Others on Crossfire Hurricane -- Who Ultimately Hid the Exculpatory Info…
 Kevin Clinesmith was not a bit player in Crossfire Hurricane. *He worked with Strzok to arrange sending an FBI agent int…
 Joe Biden is reportedly deciding between Kamala Harris and Susan Rice to be his running mate. The Democrats have had 4 ye…
 Susan Rice lied her ass off over and over about what caused the terrorist attack in   She should know about tras…
 Susan Rice is a proven liar and a disgrace to our country.
LAW ; ORDER!
 On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the more than 500,000 American warriors captured while pr…
 New transcripts show that James Comey’s FBI sought dirt on the Trump Campaign less than TWO WEEKS before the 2016 election.…
 If your cable company doesn't offer Enjoy the 24/7 LIVE Feed of on Roku, nominal cost of only $4.99/mo.How to: Fro…
 Two complete sellouts who’ve been compromised and are heavily blackmailable forced to announce one of the most cosmically…
 If you have time today, please pray for Rush Limbaugh and his family—strength, peace, comfort and healing according to G…
  and  Ex-FBI Lawyer Kevin Clinesmith To Plead Guilty In  Probe  
 Today is a great day for those who still believe in the rule of law, and a terrible day for Russian collusion hoaxers who ins…
The D.C. Police are not doing their job as they watch a statue be ripped down ; burn. These people should be immediately arrested. A disgrace to our Country! 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 Chuck Schumer will never pass up an opportunity to play partisan games.
 The Wall Street Journal always “forgets” to mention that the ratings for the White House Press Briefings are “through…
 Great News: Prime Minister Boris Johnson has just been moved out of Intensive Care. Get well Boris!!!
Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back!   
Watch Live: Trump Supporters Descend on Tulsa on Eve of Trump Rally  via Thank you to all. See you tonight in Tulsa!
 Nancy Pelosi’s district is in ruins while she does NOTHING but criticize President 
 An obviously true statement that will nevertheless drive people on the internet insane: “Zuckerberg says private compani…
Texas Supreme Court: Lack of immunity to COVID-19 alone not enough to vote by mail   Big win in Texas on the dangerous Mail In Voting Scam!
 President Trump Surveys Damage Caused By Hurricane Laura   
  Pres. is delivering remarks in Lake Charles, Louisiana after a briefing on the emergency operati…
 
 is just a poor man’s lapdog for AT;T! 
 We applaud private-sector businesses for creating seniors-only shopping times! 🛒 
 NEW: Medicare will dramatically expand telehealth services in response to the Coronavirus.Medicare patients can now visit…
 President spoke with executives from America’s fast food companies to discuss the important role that driv…
 “The Republican Convention is going to be such a benefit for the city. It’s going to show everyone around the world that…
Thank you Erin! 
 Rush Limbaugh gets an extraordinary amount of hate from people who failed in the talk radio business.  These same people ar…
I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
 Ky. Attorney General Cameron: President Trump Is What’s Best For The Country   
 Joe Biden’s rally. ZERO enthusiasm! 
 We’re asking every American to partner with us in the effort to combat the Coronavirus and be mindful of our vulnerable sen…
 Today I joined ; on a call w Mental Health Professionals. Americans are enduring many hardships becaus…
 President just announced: “Student loan payments have been waived for 6 months, and we'll discuss it after…
 Jarrett on Hannity: Comey, McCabe and Strzok Most Likely to be Investigated 
 Ending Michael Flynn prosecution exposes and destroys Trump-Russia collusion hoax 
 This man is NOT black according to Joe BidenMaybe Joe just doesn’t want him spreading the TRUTH about the Democrat Par…
 Thank you, President 🇺🇸 I’m proud to have served in President Trump’s administration and to have his endors…
 Barack Obama ; Joe Biden left federal stockpiles EMPTY ; EXPOSED our country!
 Imagine if the left was focused on coronavirus instead of impeachment back in January.
The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!
 Cheers to the Arizona Attorney General  for stepping up and protecting Arizonans from trillion-dollar monopo…
 All of our health experts agree, you do not need the results of Coronavirus testing to know what you should do. Every Ameri…
 100% mail in voting is ripe for fraud. States should maintain the responsibility for their voting laws.Democrats want t…

 If you love your freedoms, stand with
Who else gave the less than elite (We are the elite. We know how to WIN!) 260 great new Federal Judges, 2 SCJ’s, Low Taxes, biggest ever REG. CUTS, Rebuilt Military, Choice, saved 2A ; MUCH more? Not Sleepy Joe! Thank you Erick. 
  is  His remarks last night were spot on. We need a political outsider who will help…
Senator is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 Flagging for you  and  Judge Rules Pa.’s Shutdown Orders Unconstitutional; Wolf Administrat…
 Obama Sends Private Letter to National Archives Claiming ‘Confidentiality’ To Not Release Biden-Ukraine Docs 
 Dallas Judge Eric Moyé should be voted out of office November 3rd. Jailing a mother for keeping her salon open to feed he…
  just released further recommendations regarding  Please help spread this important information. Remem…
 Just like did earlier today, here's once again changing a headline to protect their close personal friends in t…
 Toured damage from Hurricane Laura with President Trump today. Louisiana is full of tough, resilient people. We’ve proved…
 Thankful made the trip to Lake Charles today to be with the people of Louisiana. I’m grateful our stat…
...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the Steve, on the other hand, just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Senator is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana...
Thank you Lou! 

 Who do you trust most?
This book is a MUST BUY! 
 As Louisianans, we must practice social distancing to slow the spread of COVID-19, flatten the curve and help keep everyo…
 Get the latest CDC guidance on mass gatherings and large community events,  or head to the Missouri…

 House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy said it's “disgusting” that Dems are pushing to include money for mail-in voting in the n…
 President Trump is working for the American People! 4.8 Million Jobs Is INCREDIBLE!
 America is coming back stronger than ever before!
Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the  for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down!  
Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!
  Says Trump's Endorsement Is A 'tremendous honor' "I left the military with next to nothing. A decade l…
 Graham Releases Papadopoulos FBI Transcript; No Collusion 
 Newly Declassified Documents Show John Kerry’s State Department Spread Russia Collusion Narrative 
 Steele Lawsuit Reveals ‘Most Direct Link’ Between Russia Collusion, Clinton and Obama White House 
 Today we continued to take proactive steps as part of our ongoing preparations for  We've been blessed in  to n…
  and are fighting to help small businesses across this country.  
 ”For Latino businesses USMCA increases the opportunities for their goods and services to access to international markets.” ⁦…
 
 Joe Biden asked about Hunter’s corruption in China — responds in garbled gibberish… 
The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
 Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Conor Lamb has proven to be an American fraud, and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi.…
 Talked with this morning about the urgency of reopening  safely, incredible endorsem…
We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the for your endorsement. God Bless the  and God Bless America! 
 Sounds like at least one person shot in Portland after clashes between left-wing and right-wing extremists. Really glad T…
.....who was all washed up until I brought him back and gave him a chance, broke the law by releasing Classified Information (in massive amounts). He must pay a very big price for this, as others have before him. This should never to happen again!!!
Wow, I finally agree with failed political consultant Steve Schmidt, who called Wacko John Bolton “a despicable man who failed in his duty to protect America.” Also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again. So true! Plain and simple, John Bolton,....
 We MUST  of the spread of coronavirus. Social distancing, closing schools, limiting non-essential business…
 Absolutely 100% the greatest President in history!  Thank you, Lou Dobbs!
Thank you Frank. It’s ABC Fake News. They knew they were wrong when they went with this Hoax of a story! 
....Bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing, with a really big price to pay. He likes dropping bombs on people, and killing them. Now he will have bombs dropped on him!
He cannot pass the test I “aced”. He should give it a try!!! 
 Judge rules Illinois Governor's stay-at-home order infringes civil liberties 
 I 100% agree with Mail in ballots would create the biggest voter fraud in our nations history. We can s…
 “Activists” in Portland are now occupying Ted Wheeler’s apartment complex until he either agrees to resign or defund the…
 If anyone dies in Portland tonight, Ted Wheeler has nobody to blame but himself.
 🚨🚨🚨We've partnered with McLane Global ; to provide 1 MILLION MEALS PER WEEK to rural children in…
 BREAKING: Democrats block McConnell’s effort to get unanimous support for $250 billion in additional small business aid 
 Slow slow Sleepy Joe 
Tim Scott is Great! 
 Michael Flynn — Here’s How The FBI Entrapped and Prosecuted an Innocent Man 
He looks better! 
BIG COU WIN against Bolton. Obviously, with the book already given out and leaked to many people and the media, nothing the highly respected Judge could have done about stopping it...BUT, strong ; powerful statements ; rulings on MONEY ; on BREAKING CLASSIFICATION were made....
There is a rise in Coronavirus cases because our testing is so massive and so good, far bigger and better than any other country. This is great news, but even better news is that death, and the death rate, is DOWN. Also, younger people, who get better much easier and faster!
 Biden and Harris didn't mention China a single time in their announcementMeanwhile, President Trump is holding China accounta…
 Mayor/Police Commissioner Ted Wheeler Assassinated a Patriot, tonight, through Antifa. Blood is on his hands and We Want J…
 Ted Wheeler keeps refusing help from Trump because he doesn't want to make the situation worse.Yeah, I can see his po…
 Through the 1135 waiver,  beneficiaries, who are at higher risk for  will be able to receive a specific set…
 GREAT news for seniors on Medicare → You can now stay home and see any doctor licensed in your state using FaceTime, Skype,…
 Team Trump Communications Director on how important the  is for American Small Busine…
 As the CDC continues to study the spread of the COVID-19, they recommend people wear cloth face coverings in public settings wh…
 FBI Director Wray opens “internal review” into how bureau handled Michael Flynn caseLou Dobbs/ Tom Fitt…
 President Trump's justice department is defending women's sports from an Idaho lawsuit by transgender activists, and fro…
 We are getting great marks for the handling of the CoronaVirus pandemic, especially the very early BAN of people from…
Actually, a must read. Really good! 
 Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the I have deeply and profoundly admired th…
 Federal Judge Rules Gov Tom Wolf’s PA Shutdown Orders Unconstitutional; “U.S. District Judge William Stickman IV, an appoint…
...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots.
We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge...
 wheeler This could have been avoided! Do your Job!! 
 EXCLUSIVE: I can confirm it is a homicide. The person shot in downtown Portland is deceased.Some witnesses are saying the…
 As you take precautions to avoid the  take steps to help prevent your devices from catching viruses too.…
 Dem establishment got the candidate they wanted with Biden ; his policies are right in line w/ Socialist Bernie -- BAD FO…
Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law ; Order! 
 Hey while you’re at it- can you  all  applications?
 and their show, are doing everything within their power, which is far less today than it was in the past, to defend China and the horrible Virus pandemic that was inflicted on the USA and the rest of the World. I guess they want to do business in China!
 REVEALED: An anti-deportation group partnering with George Soros's Open Society Foundation is one of the groups behind t…
 LAW ; ORDER!
 I'm not tired of winning yet
 Worship is essential 🙏
 The White House Coronavirus Task Force and announced new guidelines every American should follow to save…
 What is Joe Biden doing with his hand here?It looks like Biden’s teleprompter went down during his coronavirus press…
 AG Barr on Durham probe:"He is looking to bring to justice people who were engaged in abuses if he can show that they were cr…
 Joe you lost the Black Vote with a stupid comment- now you’ve lost the Latino Vote with this gaff👇👇Latinos don’t like to…
Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety ; Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
  
 "They are like that one girlfriend you had that's just an idiot that believes every lie some guy tells her at a bar." ht…
 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 Treasury Secretary Mnuchin urges governors to reopen states to prevent ‘permanent’ economic damage 
 America has faced big challenges before, and we will get through this together. Please stay vigilant and follow
 Everyone of us has a critical role to play in slowing the spread of  ➡️ Wash your hands and practice good…
 Trump vs Establishment - Part 2! Loves...✅ China✅ Open Borders✅ Free Healthcare for Illegals✅ Big Government…
 “Trump Campaign: The President Will Destroy Biden in November” 
 “THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE.”
Thank you Cowboys. See you in New Mexico! 
 
NASDAQ HAD ITS 23RD RECORD CLOSE OF THE YEAR. OTHER EXCHANGES ARE FOLLOWING CLOSELY BEHIND. TREMENDOUS POTENTIAL REMAINING. BIG MONTHS UPCOMING. NEXT YEAR, DEPENDING ON AN ELECTION WIN, WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST EVER!
 Everyone wins in a Trump-Pence economic BOOM (except swamp Democrats, of course)The V-Shaped recovery is only possible becaus…
Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
 The $60,000 telegram that helped Abraham Lincoln abolish slavery 
 Iran says it's ready for unconditional prisoner swap with U.S. amid coronavirus fears 
 “He was a f—ing Nazi! Our community held its own.”Antifa ; BLM in Portland celebrate the homicide of a purported Trump sup…
 To all of our doctors, nurses, first responders, and public safety officers fighting on the front lines: Thank you.In…
 Follow these coronavirus guidelines from the to keep our families and communities safe:▪️ Practice Social Distan…
 Secretary of State announces that the State Department has repatriated 50,000 Americans! 
 The online campaign is 🔥🔥🔥!Since going all-virtual March 13:❗️276K NEW volunteers❗️13,347,694 volunteer calls…
 Any protesters, anarchists, agitators, looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand, you will not b…
Congratulations, on your impressive primary victory! A Super Bowl Champion, Burgess knows how to WIN. Strong on Life, Military, Vets and the  he will always fight for Utah. Burgess has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
  investigation viewed exposure of truth as  was all so corrupt.and so wrong.What liars…
 I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s…
Thank you! 
 “I am not sad that a f—ing fascist died tonight,” says a woman at the antifa gathering in downtown Portland. The crowd laugh…
  has taken decisive action to combat Coronavirus:– Stopped flights early– Partnered w/ the private se…
 "Our goal is - first, second and third - to get relief to people who need it, quickly. So, we're trying to do it as swiftly as p…

....I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement!   
Trump on Russia Hoax: ‘When the Papers Come Out’ We Will Learn Obama ‘Knew Everything’ 
 As of today in America, 3,378,859 people have recovered from COVID-19.The media only reports the deaths and new case n…
 The mild headline and ludicrous "spin" in subhed--par for  course for all media co-conspirators when forced to admit gov't…
 President Trump talks about all the things we can doJoe Biden talks about everything we *can't* do"It's very defeatist. It'…
He got caught, OBAMAGATE! 
 A major  announcement by regarding "a dramatic expansion of our Medicare telehealth services": patients c…
 “President Trump’s campaign remains at the forefront of digital campaigning and engagement…Sleepy Joe’s broadcasts, whic…
 MUST READ op-ed from Isn’t it strange how every Democrat proposal for voting during a pandemic is exactly what Demo…
 Former CBS Reporter One Of The First ‘To Identify Myself As A Target of Illegal Spying Under Obama Admin’ 
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE!  
 is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment...
My friend, will be a phenomenal Senator for Tennessee! He did an incredible job for our country as Ambassador to Japan. Strong on the Economy, Trade and the Wall, Bill stands Tall for Law ; Order. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 It was a conservative who was killed.
So terrible! 
 Just 2 days ago, Portland's mayor yet again rejected President Trump's offer for federal aid after over 90 days of rioting.…
 OBAMAGATE! 
 Remember the picture of holding an American flag like doing here? Me neither...
 Trump; first President in history with the courage to stand up to China, especially after Obama's disastrous foreign pol…
The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN!
 if you continue to have loud mouth low IQ Chris Hahn on your show you’re going to loose me and many other…
Yet she doesn’t let people even breath in Michigan. A very bad double standard! 
 🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨 
 MY FAITH IN HUMANITY HAS BEEN RESTORED 🙏SIR... YOU'RE MY HERO 💯
Joe Biden’s record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal, calamity and failure — he NEVER did ANYTHING! 
Congressman is a tremendous supporter of our  agenda! He is Strong on the Wall, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment, and he always puts America First! Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement.  
 For over 3 years MSM, including NYT and WP, have been writing about what discussed with Amb. Kislyak. But they h…
Tony Gonzales  will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, Life and the Second Amendment. We need him to defeat the Radical Left in November. Tony has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
...talks big for the worker, but never delivers. Tim Ryan was a failed Presidential candidate and he keeps failing Ohio. Vote for Christina Hagan, who has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 1 in 5 ballots thrown out, councilmen indicted for fraud, ballots stolen out of mailboxes, Republicans getting ballots with no…
Wow! 
The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 
 The NYT is reporting that the deceased white victim was wearing a Patriot Prayer hat. Patriot Prayer is a pro-Trump conserva…
 The shooting victim in Portland had a blue lives patch on his pants. 

 Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been moved out of intensive care but remains in hospital, Downing Street says 

Congressman Jeff Van Drew  is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
Christina Hagan  will be an incredible Congresswoman for the working families of Northeast Ohio. An early supporter of our  agenda, she is Strong on Jobs, Border Security and your Second Amendment. Christina is running against an absolute failure, Tim Ryan, who...
The greatest political crime in USA History! 
 Hours after sent a “I Don’t Want Trump’s Help” letter, his city is in chaos.
 WORST E…
ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
 "Somebody said to me very early on when I got this assignment, 'You don't lose money betting against success in the Middle East…
 In wake of  outbreak, telework, remote learning, and telehealth are key. We must ensure that Americans don't lose…
 Pelosi holds up small business: Democrats may let a new relief program run out of money.   via
Republicans are the party of LIBEY, EQUALITY and JUSTICE for ALL. We are the Party of Abraham Lincoln and the party of LAW AND ORDER! 
 TONIGHT—President and visit Mount Rushmore and attend the fireworks celebration!Watch LIVE at 10…
 Trump Campaign Calls Out Chuck Todd After Dishonest Edited Video of AG Barr on Meet T…
“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!
 Dead people voted. One woman said eight close relatives/neighbors insist they never received ba…
 We are not fabricating these stories.Countless local news reports detail problems that go largely ignored by national…
Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain.
  Federal judge rules Gov. Tom Wolf's pandemic restrictions are unconstitutional
...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!
 Of course Sidney is right on.  
According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death ; suffering...
Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 
 An absolute honor to be endorsed by the Crow Tribe and to stand with as he and receive the Crow’s end…

 Wow! This video is one of the most patriotic videos I have ever seen. Gives me chills to see our amazing and

 Practice social distancing by putting space between yourself and others. Continue to practice healthy habits, like washing your…
 A message from to millennials: 
 What is social distancing—and why are we doing it?Dr. Anthony Fauci, Dr. Deborah Birx, and Jerome Adams…
 The World Health Organization’s bows to China have harmed the global response to the coronavirus.  
 Bernie Sanders gives up on the nomination but is determined to force Joe Biden leftward—making him unelectable in the proc…
 Reminder: Ted Wheeler rejected President Trump’s officer for federal assistance in Portland
 Whatever happen to John Huber?
 1). BREAKING: Democracy Institute shows Trump up nationally and in battlegrounds:National Popular Vote:Trump 48Biden…
So true, but we won’t let that happen! 

 Officials said the president has authority to take such action during pandemics like the coronavirus outbreak 
Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM  ; who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!
 After spending years peddling a Russian collusion hoax, but under oath admitting you saw NOTHING, forgive us if we igno…
Democrats are blocking a 251 Million Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason, with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts ; more. Big Economic Bounceback!
The Democrat House wants to pass a Bill this week that will destroy our police. Republican Congressmen ; Congresswomen will hopefully fight hard to defeat it. We must protect and cherish our police, they keep us safe!
 Attorney General Barr’s Office Shreds NBC’s Chuck Todd For ‘Deceptive Editing’ Of Barr’s Comments On “Meet The Press,” Todd…
 We believe in equal opportunity, equal justice, and equal treatment for EVERY American! 
 "No movement that seeks to dismantle these treasured American legacies can possibly have a love of America at its heart." h…
 "Today, we will set history and history's record straight.Before these figures were immortalized in stone, they were Amer…
 This left-wing cultural revolution will never be allowed to destroy our way of life or take away our freedom. 
 “This week the CDC quietly updated the Covid number to admit that only 6% of all the 153,504 deaths recorded actually died…
 244 years ago, 56 patriots gathered in Philadelphia and signed the Declaration of Independence.  They enshrined a divine…
  is an emerging, rapidly evolving situation. Learn about the basics like symptoms ; what to do if you are sick; and see th…
This week, in only 4 days, we had the biggest Stock Market increase since 1974. We have a great chance for the really big bounce when the Invisible Enemy is gone!
More Fake News! 
A Democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for African Americans!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd should be FIRED by “Concast” (NBC) for this fraud. He knew exactly what he was doing. Public Airwaves = Fake News!  
 "We gather tonight to herald the most important day in the history of nations: July 4, 1776." 
 The Obama/Clinton Cabal Knew They Had To Stop General Mike Flynn First! OR They Would ALL Be Locked Up By NOW!
 New papers make CLEAR that the Obama Administration SPIED, in an unprecedented manner, on the Trump Campaign and beyon…
 Thanks for the clarification This makes YOU accountable for allowing the Chinese Communist Party to abuse this s…
 This is beautiful.An actual fact check. With just facts.
Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
 BREAKING: A federal judge has ruled that capacity limits on gatherings and other restrictions designed to stop the spr…
....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
 Huge news: the federal courts are coming to save us!! “Stay at home” orders and limitations on businesses are UNCONSTIT…
Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!
 Today, FDA took two additional significant diagnostic actions during the  outbreak by issuing two Emergency Use Autho…
“His (President Trump’s) policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic.”  True, we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again - Jobs ; Growth!!!
 News: New  stable for hours on surfaces  
 Feelings of anxiety and uncertainty are completely normal during times like this. If you need support coping with the events o…
 Thanks for your support following the launch of an investigational vaccine for  We are proud of our hardworking  comm…
Democrats are blocking a 251 Billion Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason, with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts ; more. Big Economic Bounceback!
Jim Banks: New York Times Damaged National Security to Hurt Trump  via Thank you Jim. They are Fake News!
So many different viewpoints! 
 Basement flooded? 
 Team Trump Online reached more than 1 MILLION unique views for the sixth week in a row and totaled 340 MILLION views across…
Fake News! 
 Happy Mother’s Day and thank you to every mom out there for what you do is launching a new coalition — 
 Launched in record speed,  started enrollment for a Phase 1  of an investigational vaccine for  for heal…
 The National Library of Medicine at  is proud to be working with and others to make  data ava…
 As part of the  response to  NIH’s is working with and others to make 
Congress must go back to DEDUCTIBILITY by businesses if Restaurants, Clubs ; Entertaiment is expected to flourish (like never before)!
 Great American: declassifying Kislyak conversations. How cld Mueller accuse Flynn of lying abou…
 Trump to mark completion of border wall's 200th mile 
 INCREDIBLE SIGHT: President ; Melania Trump arrive at Mount Rushmore!  
 Hey, can somebody yell down to the basement and tell Joe there’s another police station on fire? Try to catch him betwe…
 Great - we can now all vote in person! 
 👀👀👀
I will totally protect your Medicare ; Social Security!
 Fauci: We’re On Track For More ‘Normal’ Summer; Mnuchin: Likely To Begin ‘Reopening’ In May  
Our Coronavirus testing is so much greater (25 million tests) and so much more advanced, that it makes us look like we have more cases, especially proportionally, than other countries. My message on that is very clear!
  a great American, is hospitalized with coronavirus and has requested prayer. He is a colon cancer sur…
 Also, the plot thickens. Will Comey spend years in jail ; admit his illegal acts, or, like the weasel he is, s…
 Rice's last minute email was a setup to frame Comey. Couldn't happen to a better leaker ; liar... lock him up…
 Everyone who knew there was no evidence of Trump-Russia collusion also knew the  "investigations…
 Trey Gowdy Identifies Reporters Who Allegedly Peddled Misleading Adam Schiff Leaks
 "Governor Tom Wolf should not be allowed to defraud the people of the United States!" President Donald Trump tweeted his concerns…
 BREAKING: A federal judge on Monday struck down Gov. Tom Wolf’s pandemic restrictions that required people to stay at home, place…
 BREAKING: A federal judge has ruled that the states shutdown orders and business closures this spring were unconstitution…
 PENNSYLVANIA GOVERNOR TOM WOLF  AN YOUR STUPID WIFE .....YOUR NOT GOING TO MURDER US !!! TRUMP 2020 ... WE LOVE PENNSYLVANI…
 TYRANTS RULED UNCONSTITUTIONAL!! Federal Judge Rules Gov. Tom Wolf, Dr. Rachel Levine’s Shutdown Orders Unconstitution…
 The Post Office’s Problem Isn’t TrumpDemocrats cry sabotage. But mail volume is way down, and the USPS is losing billions…
 Like America: Half of Trump’s staff are women  
 Israel and UAE peace deal is vindication for Trump
Thank you! 
Would be terrible for our Country! 
I will be having a news conference today to discuss very important news from the FDA concerning the Chinese Virus!
 If Trump is tied with Biden, it probably actually means he is 10 points ahead.
 Special Counsel was a Coup Plot created through leaking lies and falsifying evidence…
Thank you. We will not let them down! 
Barr: Mail-in Ballots ‘Absolutely Opens the Floodgates to Fraud‘  via This will be the Election disaster of our time. Mail-In Ballots will lead to a RIGGED ELECTION!

 BREAKING: President Trump will travel to Kenosha, WI on Tuesday
  Look at what San Francisco is known for today:• Sky-high taxes• Sanctuary city• Sidewalks people do not ev…
 China Asked The WHO To Help Cover Up Coronavirus, German Intelligence Concludes
I always treated the Chinese Virus very seriously, and have done a very good job from the beginning, including my very early decision to close the “borders” from China - against the wishes of almost all. Many lives were saved. The Fake News new narrative is disgraceful ; false!
   Campaign Ad Features Joe Biden Cheerleading for China“During America’s  protected 
OBAMAGATE! 
RIGGED 2020 ELECTION: MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES, AND OTHERS. IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES!
 Get a copy of UNMASKED. It's a story of a media that set out to destroy a president and his administration but destroyed t…
 Reason says he“does not expect”Obama/Biden to be investigated is not related to whether they committed crim…
 A federal judge ruled it was UNCONSTITUTIONAL to shut down businesses and limit indoor/outdoor gatherings in PA.This…
If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
 ALL LIVES MATTER!
 Presidential Peacemaker: praises for securing historic peace deals in the Middle East, calling him the…
 Fighting China’s Threat: touts international accomplishments and his push for an arms contr…
 Ending the Division: praises for ensuring taxpayers' dollars are not funding critical race theo…
After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 

 THEY ARE EVIL PEOPLE PERIOD‼️ 
The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders, fat ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. Bernie has given up, just like he did last time. He will be dropping out soon! MAGA/KAG
I gave John Bolton, who was incapable of being Senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko, and was not liked, a chance. I always like hearing differing points of view. He turned out to be grossly incompetent, and a liar.   See judge’s opinion. CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!
 A post was outrageously labeled false by a USA Today fact check intern. We appealed and their editor agreed,…
This will be a Big Day for Social Media and FAIRNESS!
 He got caught, OBAMAGATE!
 Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd should be FIRED by “Concast” (NBC) for this fraud. He knew exactly what he was doing. Public Ai…
News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!
 Shame on the
The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders, far ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. Bernie has given up, just like he did last time. He will be dropping out soon! MAGA/KAG
 Can't beat Trump! 
 For no particular reason, this is the phone number of Portland's mayor, Ted Wheeler.  Consider calling on him to resign.…
We have just reached a very sad milestone with the coronavirus pandemic deaths reaching 100,000. To all of the families ; friends of those who have passed, I want to extend my heartfelt sympathy ; love for everything that these great people stood for ; represent. God be with you!
This is why it’s not really the Lamestream Media, it’s the Rigged Media....and it is what I’m up against. It was corrupt in 2016. Now it is much more corrupt, and what you are seeing is the least of it....but WE WILL WIN AGAIN! 
 Reality: “Evidence of massive voter fraud in Paterson election, court records show”Yet after fraud was found using mail-i…
The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State ; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders!
Because of MAIL-IN BALLOTS, 2020 will be the most RIGGED Election in our nations history - unless this stupidity is ended. We voted during World War One ; World War Two with no problem, but now they are using Covid in order to cheat by using Mail-Ins!
 “Chinese Marxists ‘put themselves into a position of monopolizing truth and how it is sought.’That is terrifyingly similar…
 Happy Independence Day, from all of us at the Media Research Center!   
 1/4: I was asked by the President of the United States to help formulate healthcare policy during the biggest healthcare…
 President Trump had a historic event for world peace today, and the only thing the media reported on was who was weari…
 Trump isn't running against Biden.He's running against the media.And he's still going to win.
 Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and Bahrain will establish embassies, exchange ambassadors, and begin to work together as…

HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!
....Also, according to the Daily Caller, leading Sleepy Joe Biden in Florida, 48% to 42%.
 Coronavirus Crisis – Americans Fear the Lockdown More Than The Virus 
All over the World the CoronaVirus, a very bad “gift” from China, marches on. Not good!
Thank you Tammy. You have quickly become a great voice for freedom! 
Unlike the radical left, I will ALWAYS stand against socialism and with the people of Venezuela. My Admin has always stood on the side of FREEDOM and LIBEY and against the oppressive Maduro regime! I would only meet with Maduro to discuss one thing: a peaceful exit from power!
Voter Scam! 
 Today on Meet The Press, wildly took context out of an answer AG Bill Barr gave about his decision to drop the…
 Ted Wheeler and the PPB have blood on their hands.
The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan, purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military, putting the wrong names on the Ballot, and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President Everybody is totally confused by their...
 Last week asked people to report any sightings of  “training.” We have been working w…
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 53% overall. Not bad considering I get nothing but Fake ; Corrupt News, day and night. “Russia, Russia, Russia”, then “the Ukraine Scam (where’s the Whistleblower?)”, the “Impeachment Hoax”, and more, more, more....
Not good Gregg, but it is what it is. Have to save the airlines! 
 Todd completely lied about Barr's comments..."He didn't make the case that he was upholding the rule…
 Biden staffers rush the press out of the room before Joe Biden can answer any questions 
 “Congress has only itself to blame for this mess.The post office is meant to be self-sufficient, but it hasn’t broken even f…
He should be FIRED by Concast. If done by a Republican, would be “prosecuted”. 
Thank you to our GREAT Republican Congressmen ; Congresswomen on your incredibly important blockage last night of a FISA Bill that would just perpetuate the abuse that produced the Greatest Political Crime In the History of the U.S., the Russian Witch-Hunt. Fantastic Job!
 So fewer people died because they took the drug suggested....Thank you, POTUS for doing the right th…
 A very real question should be asked by real journalists: Did some US media outlets encourage people to NOT take a dr…
Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring ; totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who can’t stand that I have done so much, so quickly! 
 Sleazy hit job.
We will be, by mutual consent, temporarily closing our Northern Border with Canada to non-essential traffic. Trade will not be affected. Details to follow!
 WHO Director Says Politicizing COVID19 Leads To 'body bags,' But He Was Accused Of Covering Up Epidemics In Ethiopia ht…
 Former Flynn Defense Counsel Covington and Burling 'just now found additional docs' In Flynn File - Sara A. Carter“We a…
The men and women of the National Guard have been doing a great job fighting the CoronaVirus. This week, I will extend their Title 32 orders through mid-August, so they can continue to help States succeed in their response and recovery efforts.
 Catherine Herri…
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 This is also unfair to and an affront to and Catherine’s p…


Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people, never did!
Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!
I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon.
Thank you to our great American businesses for going above and beyond to keep our most vulnerable citizens safe! 
 Very grateful for the people of Vietnam and their generosity during this time. Thank you!
  THIS IS A DISGRACE, EVEN WORSE THAN USUALLY IS, WHICH IS REALLY BAD. SLEEPY EYES MUST BE FIRED! 
 Join President as he watches Pastor Sam Rodriguez at New Season church at 8 am ET - 
So ridiculous to see Twitter trying to make the case that Mail-In Ballots are not subject to FRAUD. How stupid, there are examples, ; cases, all over the place. Our election process will become badly tainted ; a laughingstock all over the World. Tell that to your hater
 From President on the passing of his brother and best friend, Robert - “We will meet again”: 
 NYC defunds police, President Trump calls for pushback  
If people can go out and protest, riot, break into stores, and create all sorts of havoc, they can also go out and VOTE — and keep our Election Honest. With millions of mail-in ballots being sent out, who knows where they are going, and to whom?
 Portland Black Lives Matter Have Chained Themselves Together in Lobby of Leftist Mayor Ted Wheeler's Apartment 
 Jim Cramer: “What deal can we have, Crazy Nancy? I’m sorry, that was the president. I have such reverence for the office. I…
Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!).
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
  claims—without evidence—that I believe the China virus was “produced by a Chinese weapons lab.” He should ha…
 Twitter Deleting  Tonight 
Sara, the Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER 3rd. You are doing a Great job ;, together with some very well known others who got it right on Russia, Russia, Russia, should get a now very discredited Pulitzer Prize. Committee should get them back from those that got it wrong! 
Congressman Kevin Hern  is a tremendous advocate for the State of Oklahoma! A successful businessman, he is Strong on the Wall, our Military and the Second Amendment. Kevin has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 "Today, I am signing an Executive Order to protect and uphold the free speech and rights of the American people." 
 The Trump Administration is making sure your taxpayer dollars don't go to social media giants that unfairly repress free sp…
Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!
 Truth be told...h/t 
 President is directing the Attorney General to work with states to enforce their laws against deceptive bu…
 Such a beautiful message of peace: The walls of the Old City in Jerusalem were lit tonight with the Israeli, American, E…
 Leave Democrat cities. Let them rot. The media and have activated this mental illness and it’s going to ge…
 Dr Siegel is so pissed off he threw Fauci under the bus with the Chinese! Holy crap!  
 These are the zombies that are calling for a revolution to move into power in the USAImagine these people becoming y…
“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it, hard to watch! 
 “Our two millionth voter contact is just the latest milestone in a record-breaking campaign that cannot be matched by Joe Biden an…
 The Abraham Accords are signed!Today's historic signing proves that the nations of the Middle East are breaking free fro…
15 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD! 
Wow, Approval Rating in the Republican Party - 96%. Thank you!
Great credit being given for our Coronavirus response, except in the Fake News. They are a disgrace to America!

 I just hope your registered as a Republican and are voting up and down the ti…
Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on
I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities.  
 My grandson Travis...“and JUSTICE for ALL” ⚖️❤️🙏🇺🇸 
 I love my country I love our military I love our flag the most amazing place on earth, happy Fourth of July America !!…
Congressman is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border, Infrastructure, Second Amendment and our Brave Law Enforcement. Markwayne has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  

On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!
HAPPY GOOD FRIDAY TO ALL!
 If you get sick, remember:  do NOT work on viruses, like those that cause  or  Talk to your doctor about…
 President just took executive action to fight online censorship by tech corporations, including social med…
 I totally agree!  These courageous young men are working so hard and doing so m…
 Welcome aboard the Trump Train🇺🇸
 I was in the Marine Corps in the 1990s. There are plenty of gay Marine's nobody ever even ca…
Tone down the language, but TRUE! 
Dems are trying to steal the Mike Garcia Congressional Race in California. Republicans, get out and VOTE for your terrific candidate, ASAP!
Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military, Vets, and Brave Law Enforcement, and he will always stand for Life and the Second Amendment! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 "Make no mistake. This left wing cultural revolution is designed to overthrow the American revolution."Best President Tr…
...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS ; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW ; ORDER! 

The White House Press Conference will take place today at 1:00 P.M., recognizing that it is Good Friday!
...It cannot overcome the dedication of our doctors, nurses, and scientists — and it cannot beat the LOVE, PATRIOTISM, and DETERMINATION of our citizens. Strong and United, WE WILL PREVAIL!
Very exciting news for the Phoenix area is committing $100M to for a 5.5-mile light rail system with 9 new stations connecting underserved areas to churches, emergency services, and more!
 is committing $21.8M for the FIRST transit project of this kind in the Tampa Bay region. It will connect St. Petersburg to popular beaches through state-of-the-art transit buses with FREE WiFi. Will be a major help to heavily populated parts of the Great State of Florida!
 This is why we really love  ❤️ 
Coronavirus numbers are looking MUCH better, going down almost everywhere. Big progress being made!
 President We prevented a coronavirus catastrophe at the Southern Border 
Congressman is working hard for Oklahoma. He strongly supports our Great Farmers, Small Businesses and Vets, and he will always fight for Life and the Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Trump congratulates Boebert for win in Colorado primaryPresident Trump congratulated Lauren Boebert…

Because the T.V. Ratings for the White House News Conference’s are the highest, the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media), the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats ;, of course, the few remaining RINO’S, are doing everything in their power to disparage ; end them. The People’s Voice!
I want all Americans to understand: we are at war with an invisible enemy, but that enemy is no match for the spirit and resolve of the American people...

Big announcement for the State of Indiana! $77.5M committed in funds for a “game-changing” transit project to provide fast and frequent service to the people of Indianapolis and Lawrence.
I’m excited to commit $100M to FL in funding to connect fast-growing communities through state-of-the-art transit service! Fast, safe, and beautiful infrastructure!
OBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time!
Senator Jim Inhofe  delivers for the State of Oklahoma! A U.S. Army veteran, he fights hard for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, and our terrific Farmers. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
An amazing guy. Burgess is what we need in Washington, tough and smart!!! 
BIG NEWS! The American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!
 OH NO JOE... THIS AINT HAPPINESS IN YOUR HOME STATE OF DELAWARE IS IT!!!!!🇺🇸🇺🇸🤣🤣🤣THIS IS AMERICA!!!+
 should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! 
The Invisible Enemy will soon be in full retreat!
Today I spoke with American physicians and nurses to thank them for their tireless work. Doctors and nurses are at the front lines of this war and are true American HEROES! With their help, America will WIN.
“Trump rally gives Fox News largest Saturday night audience in its history” 
 Make an entrance. Make a run. THEN MAKE HISTORY! Our country needs a true Commander in Chief to navagate the chaos ; attempte…
 TONIGHT: Join War Room Weekly hosted by with special guests and at 8:00 pm ET!…
The great people of Pennsylvania want their freedom now, and they are fully aware of what that entails. The Democrats are moving slowly, all over the USA, for political purposes. They would wait until November 3rd if it were up to them. Don’t play politics. Be safe, move quickly!
I am proud to commit $60.9M in funding to provide a BRAND NEW bus system for a very busy and popular transit corridor in the Albany, NY area—more help coming to the people of New York!
Indiana is set to receive $100M in transit funds for the to connect people to jobs around the State and the Chicago-area and help cut down on traffic. has worked very hard on this project!
I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House!  
Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!
 Barr on the right track here. Most in the media went in the other direction.  
Thank you 
 Nice 👍 to see a Black Woman back the Trumpster..Yes Honey, you are Welcome in this Tent.. !! Keep it going!!
Great! 
Ogden, Utah, I am committing $64.5M to build bus service between Weber State University and McKay-Dee Hospital—very important services for Utahans!
 is committing $99.95M to in Pennsylvania to connect Pittsburghers to their two largest commercial employment centers through safe, quick transit service. Great things coming to a great State!
MAX Red line in Oregon is set to receive $99.99M in funds to reduce delays in the Portland area, connect citizens to very important locations, and make transit GREAT!
...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again! 
If Biden Wins, CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins, the mob WINS. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs... 
 True, and it’s confounding that they ever thought totally glossing over it was a good idea
  “FBI Went Rogue In Pursuit Of Trump”
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!

 AG  says he believes  investigation into  was started without basis ; effectively amounted to an eff…
I only signed the Defense Production Act to combat the Chinese Virus should we need to invoke it in a worst case scenario in the future. Hopefully there will be no need, but we are all in this TOGETHER!
I’m proud to commit $40.9M in funding to Milwaukee’s East-West Bus Rapid Transit project. Bringing modern transit to the region’s most critical corridor and spur millions in economic development. Love Wisconsin!
 It's not even the pretense of news any more by  and  I'm not disappointed. T…
 Good Morning America 🇺🇸
The is a very corrupt and dishonest media outlet that suffers TDS at a level rarely seen. They will lose any remaining credibility on the evening of November 3rd. 
Congressman Hal Rogers is doing a tremendous job for the people of Kentucky! He is Strong on the Border, Life and always Protects your Second Amendment. Hal has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 Query for CNN employees: do you tell the truth to your loved ones? To your children, spouses and parents, and your friends,…
...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, ; two agendas for the future. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion... 
A great Scam against our Country! 
 AG William Barr says Russia probe targeting was started 'without basis'. Where are the prosections? 
Joe Biden called police “The Enemy,” and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
 Just before midnight last night, Justice Department made unusual public filing airing more grievances from inside the Mue…
Could somebody please explain to reporter Doug Mckelway of that the Border Wall has long been under construction, the battle (war) is won, the Dems have FINALLY given in. In fact, I will be in Arizona tomorrow to celebrate the 212th plus mile of completion.
 Cancel Culture: John Wayne’s son responds to resolution calling for John Wayne Airport to be renamed ~ ~ defends allegations…
 PLEASE listen to this man and , share with your BLM woke suburban white girl friends....

Nobody wants to say that if Elizabeth Warren gets out of the race before Super Tuesday, Crazy Bernie Sanders wins virtually every state in a blowout...NOT EVEN CLOSE!  I haven’t heard one member of the Fake News Establishment even mention this irrefutable fact. FAKE NEWS!
 15 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD! 
 Chuck Todd Faceplants With Deceptive Video Of William Barr 
 Our sincere condolences to the Trump Family and the First Lady on the sensitive passing of Robert Trump. now you are a s…
Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU! 
Rather hard to believe that didn’t know that the Border Wall is well under construction, fully financed, ; already over 200 miles long? Will soon be finished! They just reported that “it is something that Dems are unlikely to budge on in this election year”. 
 I keep trying to post this pic and it doesnt show up on my feed??? 
 Couldn’t of said it better myself. President Trump is the best President our country will…
 NEW: FBI agent William J. Barnett made the comments during an interview on Sept. 17 at DOJ w/ Assistant U.S. Attorney fo…


We are going to WIN, sooner rather than later!
WOW! The Trump Rally gives the “LARGEST SATURDAY NIGHT AUDIENCE IN ITS HUSTORY”. Isn’t it amazing that virtually nobody in the Lamestream Media is reporting this rather major feat!

 This is a perfect example of what I’m talking about – how people are waking up and seeing exactly what BLM is really a…
 His own words on video...   
Because it was OBAMAGATE, and he and Sleepy Joe led the charge. The most corrupt administration in U.S. history! 
 Biden: 'If You Thought The Republican Convention Was Good, Just Wait 'Til We Have Our Convention!' 
...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America.
America’s Private Sector is stepping up to help us be STRONG! Many of the Nation’s distillers, large and small, are producing and donating hand sanitizer to help fight  THANK YOU! 
No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of...
A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
SOCIAL DISTANCING! 
 Developing…The INITIAL Flynn/Kislyak leak was not to David Ignatius – it was to WaPo reporter Adam Entous.The leak cam…
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
 Did Obama spy chief lie about not briefing the Flynn-Kislyak calls to Obama? Me in
A really wonderful book. Buy it and enjoy! 
 CEO Mark Zuckerberg is today criticizing Twitter. “We have a different policy than Twitter on this. I believe strongly that Facebook shouldn’t be the arbiter of truth of everything that people say online.” Did Twitter criticize Obama for his “you can keep your Dr.”?
 Why don’t you like Trump??I’ll Wait......🤣🤣🤣 Love 👇 guy!!
 16.  From DI Poll:“Do you think Joe Biden is experiencing some form of cognitive decline, such as the early stages of…
 The New York Times endangered U.S. troops by reporting that Russia was offering bounties.What will be the price they p…
 The US Supreme Court on Thursday blocked a lower-court ruling that would have allowed residents of Alabama to vote by…
I will NEVER let you down! 
 In response to the virus, the American people have launched the greatest mobilization of our society since World War II. 🇺🇸…
 This Sunday, millions of Christians will celebrate Easter. "At this holy time, we pray that God will heal the sick and co…
 The data is clear: Our collective national effort is saving many lives. Keep up the fight! 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
MAIL-IN VOTING WILL LEAD TO MASSIVE FRAUD AND ABUSE. IT WILL ALSO LEAD TO THE END OF OUR GREAT REPUBLICAN PAY. WE CAN NEVER LET THIS TRAGEDY BEFALL OUR NATION. BIG MAIL-IN VICTORY IN TEXAS COU TODAY. CONGRATS!!!
 One veteran at a time.565 veterans $560K since April 17, 2020. 

 Trump just won 2020. (And Shaun King isn’t wrong about this, by the way. White Jesus never made sense to me. But I’m no…
THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE. Sadly, our Lamestream Media is TOTALLY CORRUPT! 
 12. DI Poll:"Which candidate do you trust to do the best job handling the economy?Trump: 59%Biden 41%
 SO PROUD OF MY HOMELAND!!!  🇺🇸🍍🇺🇸🍍
Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!
“Trump did a deal with Japan. A lot of our product goes to Japan, and we are booming in North Dakota.” Jim on C Span, Washington Journal. Our Trade Deals will be having a big impact on our Country as they kick in!
 Everyone can do their part to respond to  Part of preparedness is a robust blood supply. Please continue to 
Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!

 9) According to the Democracy Institute Poll: Trump approval is at 52 percent  (NOTE: That number is exactly what Zogb…
Great! 
I can’t stand back ; watch this happen to a great American City, Minneapolis. A total lack of leadership. Either the very weak Radical Left Mayor, Jacob Frey, get his act together and bring the City under control, or I will send in the National Guard ; get the job done right.....
 Thousands of boaters hit the water in Clearwater on Saturday in an effort to set a record for the largest pro-Trump boat parad…
 Florida this morning, Georgia this afternoon, Washington, D.C. this evening, and now — President departing…
 Scenes from Antifastan:A bunch of white extremists enforce racial segregation...in the name of tolerance...ish...
....economy was shuttered. This is unprecedented, it is unsettling and challenging but, we will rise to meet the occasion.” MACK MCLAY, Clinton White House Chief of Staff. Thank you Mack. We will be bigger, better and stronger than ever before!
“I think the situation is unprecedented, and there is no question about that. It’s whiplash! The economy was moving forward at a rapid pace in terms of growth, jobs and even wage increases, and all of a sudden the pandemic hit and the....
 When this virus is defeated, our great American economy will bounce back rapidly. 
 President has signed critical support for American families, workers, and businesses into law. 
 VP Mike Pence: "Sen. Kamala Harris said she would change the dietary guidelines of this country to reduce the amount of red me…
Congressman Jeff Fortenberry  is a great advocate for Nebraska. He fights for Farmers, Small Businesses and our incredible Vets and Military. Jeff has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Congressman is doing a tremendous job for Nebraska! He served our Country as an Air Force General, and now he serves our Vets, Farmers, and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment. Don has my Complete ; Total Endorsement!  
Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!
Twitter is doing nothing about all of the lies ; propaganda being put out by China or the Radical Left Democrat Party. They have targeted Republicans, Conservatives ; the President of the United States. Section 230 should be revoked by Congress. Until then, it will be regulated!
The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!
I brought back Cars ; Jobs. Will do it again for Michigan, ; everywhere else!!! 
Thank you my friend. America loves India! 
When the Failing or Amazon writes a story saying “unnamed sources said”, or any such phrase where a person’s  name is not used, don’t believe them. Most of these unnamed sources don’t exist. They are made up to defame ; disparage. They have no “source”...
 President is at headquarters, speaking via teleconference with America's Governors on preparation, m…
Congressman Adrian Smith is a strong fighter for Nebraska. He fights for your Second Amendment, defends our Borders, strengthens our Military and loves our Vets! Adrian has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
The China Trade Deal is fully intact. Hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the Agreement!
“The President has been targeted by Twitter.”  What about all of the lies and fraudulent statements made by Adam Schiff, and so many others, on the Russian Witch Hunt Plus, Plus, Plus? What about China’s propaganda? WHO’s mistakes? No flags? 
THANK YOU VIRGINIA!  
 Crowds cheer as tow trucks move the disabled vans blocking the street to Pres. Trump’s speech at Mt. Rushmore: 
 is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News I strongly suggest turning your dial to They do a really “Fair ; Balanced” job!
On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, The and I honor the men ; women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country ; made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.
....Does anyone ever notice how few quotes from an actual person are given nowadays by the Lamestream Media. Very seldom. The unnamed or anonymous sources are almost always FAKE NEWS.
THANK YOU!  
 LIVE: President delivers remarks on testing 
So terrible! 
“Change Hearts Not Stones. There is no end to historical purification.” Great historian Doug Wead

“Regulate Twitter if they are going to start regulating free speech.”  Well, as they have just proven conclusively, that’s what they are doing. Repeal Section 230!!!
 Uncle Robert, we love you. You are in our hearts and prayers, always.
Happy Birthday to our GREAT  
WE WILL BUILD IT AGAIN!
THANK YOU to our Police Officers, Fire Fighters, and EMS who help us defeat the Virus every day. Our proud nation is grateful for the unwavering dedication and sacrifice of our First Responders and their families. TOGETHER we will beat this!
 The Trump Administration is providing collection supplies to help states meet their testing goals rapidly! 
  we have 78 days to UNITE;SUPPO our AWESOME PRESIDENT to elect him for  We need 
 On this Saturday, the 4th of July 2020, I want to say Thank You to for his strength and love for our Co…
 I believe that loves the United States of America more than any other President during my lifetime. 🙏🇺🇸
...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon! 
Looks what’s going on here. Where are the protesters? Was this man arrested? 
Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns, which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion, this is a step way beyond! Vote for me...
Based on the strong recommendation of and of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska ; Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska ; Canada!
CHINA!
 Doubt what we say about   at your own peril. History is not on your side. 
Wishing all a safe and blessed Easter Sunday. I will be tuning into Pastor at  Church in Dallas, Texas tomorrow morning at 10:20 AM Eastern. 
 Isn’t it nice having a President in who actually loves America?Happy 4th of July, my friends! 🇺🇸🙏🇺🇸
 It's so encouraging to know we have a President who loves America ; ALL Her People! God Bless ; God B…
“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci
 The Trump Administration has marshaled every resource at its disposal to fight the Coronavirus. 
 The number of tests completed per day has doubled over the past three weeks. 
Numerous people arrested in D.C. for the disgraceful vandalism, in Lafayette Park, of the magnificent Statue of Andrew Jackson, in addition to the exterior defacing of St. John’s Church across the street. 10 years in prison under the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act. Beware!
 Looting is not protesting. Burning down local homes and businesses is not protesting. How sad that the memory of 
Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Michael knows!!! 

Great editorial by 

 
The National Guard has been activated In Minneapolis. They have arrived on the seen. George Floyd will not have died in vain. Respect his memory!!!
Tom Tiffany  is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany! 
 I’m hearing some Republicans, pundits say we should “move on” from the  in order to heal the nation...I di…
 The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build…
THANK YOU!  
 (Trump 2024) (Documentary) what America will look like after (Trump) is Reelected, imagine if we don't what will collaps…
Interesting guy. “Bolton is really dumb”.  True, and he broke the law! 
“The President and the Federal Government are doing an excellent job. When they say the death toll isn’t going to be as high as reported, they (the opposition) act like they’re sad because it’s lower. I think they are (Press Conferences) wonderful.” West Virginia Resident, C Span
Thank you James! 
 Robert Trump was an incredible man - strong, kind and loyal to the core. Anyone who encountered him felt his warmth immediat…
Vote by May 12th! His opponent voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now she’s mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in  
The National Guard has arrived on the scene. They are in Minneapolis and fully prepared. George Floyd will not have died in vain. Respect his memory!!!
Nick Freitas  will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran, he is Strong on the Military ; Vets, the Economy, Healthcare, and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Chung Eui-yong, director of national security at Cheong Wa Dae, said in a statement that much of it reflects what Bolto…
 Seen enough of slo Joe’s past videos/statements,determined his schtick!He elevates his voice,looks U in the…
 STRONG ; UNITED, WE WILL PREVAIL! 
See, Bolton broke the law. Classified Information! 

Watching on weekend afternoons is a total waste of time. We now have some great alternatives, like
 The Senate is not going anywhere until we act. Senate Republicans are here and ready to work with our Democratic colleagu…
 Through Project Airbridge, California has received more than 1.2 million N95 masks, 7.5 million surgical masks, 4.5 million…
Thank you Franklin! 
 “Good news!  President Trump and have delivered another shipment of materials to Michigan for over 100,000 tests!
REVOKE 230!
 Seems like something the FBI Director could have cleared up years ago, instead of letting this BS drag on throughout Presid…
 (2nd LD) Cheong Wa Dae says much of Bolton's memoir on Korea 'distorted,' urges U.S. gov't to address such 'dangerous' case…
 is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Air Force One flies over Mt. Rushmore ahead of Pres. Trump’s 4th of July speech: 
Bob Good  will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military ; Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
I will be watching. HAVE A GREAT EASTER! 
 During our 152-year history in downtown Dallas Presidents Woodrow Wilson, Gerald Ford, ; George H. W. Bush have worship…
So now the Fake News is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
 Thank you, President We are honored to have you join us and are grateful for your strong leadership o…
 We are crafting a major plan to help small business survive this crisis and help workers continue to get paid. A rapid in…
 Senate Republicans want to put cash in the hands of the American people to help during this uniquely uncertain time. No t…
 The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, ; Economic Security Act proposes bold action on four urgent priorities:1. Direct financial…
 Happy Fly-over 4th! (And if you don’t like the guy who’s in this airplane, then get off my social media).  

....It was spoken as a fact, not as a statement. It’s very simple, nobody should have any problem with this other than the haters, and those looking to cause trouble on social media. Honor the memory of George Floyd!
  → The Trump Administration is sending over $10 MILLION to 36 Community Health Centers across Louisiana…
Looting leads to shooting, and that’s why a man was shot and killed in Minneapolis on Wednesday night - or look at what just happened in Louisville with 7 people shot. I don’t want this to happen, and that’s what the expression put out last night means....
 What if people talked like 
 “I think it was unquestionably a success for the United States because the President protected, defended American inter…
 Minnesota, we need Lacy Johnson in Washington, D.C. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He’s tough and smart - and…
Michelle is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime ; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your  Loves our Military, Vets, ; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete ; Total Endorsement! 
Congressman fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 The American people are strong. The American people will win this fight against the coronavirus.The Senate’s job is to…
So now the Fake News is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder where the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
 The Trump campaign releases an ad on what it would be like if the police were defunded:
Washed up Creepster John Bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail, money seized, for disseminating, for profit, highly Classified information. Remember what they did to the young submarine sailor, but did nothing to Crooked Hillary. I ended up pardoning him - It wasn’t fair!


  Admiral Giroir breaks down America's leadership on testing, by the numbers. 
 Donald Trump just got the biggest betting odds convention bounce in history, and the convention just ended last night.…
 How is this video not everywhere?  
Congressman Jim Hagedorn  is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Tyler Kistner  will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement ; our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete ; Total Endorsement!  
Governor of California has been very nice ;  highly supportive about the great job we have done, working together, for California. That is the good news, but this is the bad. He is unfairly under attack by the Radical Left Dems, MSDNC etc. He is strong! Will he fold?
OBAMAGATE! 
 Doing our part as only the U.S. Navy can.    Hospital Ships  and 
 I congratulate and the people of the USA on the 244th Independence Day of the USA. As the world's…
 "I want to express our Nation's deepest condolences and most heartfelt sympathies to the family of George Floyd." 
 God bless America!
 Feb.18, 2016 phone conversation between Biden and PoroshenkoListen to Poroshenko admit: Shokin was not corrupt. There…
.....This action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!
I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument, statue or other such Federal property in the U.S. with up to 10 years in prison, per the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act, or such other laws that may be pertinent.....

 By working together and doing our part, our country will get through  Keep your distance from others+ Work…
 Many small biz, who only a few weeks ago were having one of their best years ever, are now struggling to keep their doors…
 Told you guys she was not only unpopular, but very unpopular historically.Okay. Going back to enjoying the last day I…
...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
So now the Fake News is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
 ✓ SIGNED by Families First Coronavirus Response Act is now law.
 If you think you're sick, DON'T get in the car. 🚫Get on the phone. 📱Get instructions. 💬 
 Leader McConnell: "Our legislation cannot leave small business behind … Chairman Rubio and Chairman Collins have been cr…
....In a certain way, our tremendous Testing success gives the Fake News Media all they want, CASES. In the meantime, Deaths and the all important Mortality Rate goes down. You don’t hear about that from the Fake News, and you never will. Anybody need any Ventilators???
Cases, Cases, Cases! If we didn’t test so much and so successfully, we would have very few cases. If you test 40,000,000 people, you are going to have many cases that, without the testing (like other countries), would not show up every night on the Fake Evening News.....
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!
Cases are going up in the U.S. because we are testing far more than any other country, and ever expanding. With smaller testing we would show fewer cases!
 Twitter “fact checks” President Trump. Did they ever fact check Comey or Schiff?Did they ever fact check Clapper (CNN)?…
 Trump got 8 percent of black vote in 2016. I’ve been predicting 11-13 percent in 2020. I’m thinking he could get 14-16 p…
 Hey California,Are you ready to vote for Trump in November?

Jason Lewis  will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…
Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on 
Interestingly! 
 🚨 Arizona, you can save lives during this crisis! Stay home, wash your hands, and stay informed by visiting 
In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA!  
 "We're asking everybody to show a little bit of kindness."On the ground in Iowa, is working to fight coronav…
 Last night in the Oval Office, signed into law: H.R. 6201, the “Families First Coronavirus Response…
 Do you think the WSJ understands this?
  “This monument will never be desecrated. These heroes will never be defaced! Their legacy will never, e…
...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!
Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing...
 Right on! We don’t have to pay organizations to lie to us. They’ll probably do it for free.
 “Texas AG Ken Paxton: Trump is right and Twitter ‘fact check’ is wrong – mail-in ballot fraud is a real problem” 
Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
Mail in ballots substantially increases the risk of crime and VOTER FRAUD!
....Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is with us in all ways, a very high 72% Approval Rating. So, if he is in charge along with V.P. etc., and with us doing all of these really good things, why doesn’t the Lamestream Media treat us as they should? Answer: Because they are Fake News!
 It’s clear from recent revelations that President Obama ; his holdovers had a morbid fear of Lt. Gen. Flynn, an anti-Islam…
We did a great job on CoronaVirus, including the very early ban on China, Ventilator production, and Testing, which is by far the most, and best, in the World. We saved millions of U.S. lives.! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. But they do give....
 BREAKING: In declassified doc, FBI agent Michael Gaeta testified that he asked dossier fraudster Christopher Steele in Jul…
 BREAKING: Steele's FBI handler Michael Gaeta swore under oath that tho Steele told him in July 2016 that Glenn Simpson ; a…
 In an ironic twist of fate, CNN HQ is being attacked by the very riots they promoted as noble ; just. Oops
 We're all hearing a lot in the news, on social media, and in conversations about "social distancing." Here’s a good expla…
 What's the process for applying for an SBA disaster loan and what documentation is required? This fact sheet breaks it down: ht…
Happy  
 BREAKING: FBI HQ agreed to pay Steele a large undisclosed sum on Oct 3, 2016 "for his work on the dossier," his handler FB…
Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, ; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, ; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out ; VOTE!  
 The NY Times spent three years pushing Russian disinformation targeted against a duly elected American president that…
 As patriotic Americans celebrate the nation today, remember what we are up against:A fascist Democratic Party that w…
 More lies about "Vote by mail".This is nothing but a Democrat attempt to cheat and STEAL this election.Nothing they say a…
 on this morning.
 It is a great honor to serve the people of this incredible country. 🇺🇸  
 DEVELOPING: Did top brass at Obama DOJ in August 2016 task a key department conduit for Christopher Steele to make sure th…
 BREAKING: Between July 2016 and October 2016, Christopher Steele provided as many as six reports regarding Trump and Russi…
 We look forward to this bill being signed into law, ; we will continue working on the future phases of our nation’s resp…
 DEVELOPING: "A few months" after Steele in November 2016 was abruptly terminated as an FBI informant, his partner at Orbis…
On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon!  
For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors ; co-workers, and GET OUT ; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
 I'm pleased the Senate took this step to provide relief and support to America's workers ; families in the form of free vi…
Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary.  He is a strong, loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job! We must WIN this election! Follow him at
 Trump spoke at my church in Detroit and it opened my eyes. Never again will I be a slave to the Democrats!👊 Let us rise…
LAW ; ORDER!!!
 Antifa attends Sturgis.I couldn't tell for sure but it looked like maybe a half-dozen Antifa?The ratio of Trump supporter…
 Pursuant to the new moral stricture promulgated this week by the NYT ; CNN -- that Mount Rushmore is a shameful monument to…
 Republicans ought to be extremely happy with how much that speech has left the entire media complex apoplectic with rage a…
 On the eve of  let us remember the ones who lost their lives to COVID19. Please try to connect w/ family, friends ; lov…
 BREAKING: In spite of the FBI terminating Steele as an FBI informant for misconduct in 2016, his FBI handler Michael Gaeta…
 A record setting jobs report:➡️4.5 million jobs - largest gain in history➡️2.8 million women's jobs - largest gain i…
 Judge Barrett is highly qualified in all the areas that matter – character, integrity, intellect, and judicial disposi…
Law and Order. If can’t do it, we will! 
 📍IOWA"It is really important that we are all working together to come up with solutions for the American people.""We're…
 BREAKING → The Families First Coronavirus Response Act is heading to President desk. 
 Just a basic perusal of the  website will tell you all you need to know about their true agenda. Here's my…
Time for a change!  
 Biden Fraud: says we now have facts and evidence that the Obama State Dept. was concerned with Hunter Biden’…
 Speaker Pelosi has said she is aware of 'no data as to why we need' more funding for Americans’ paychecks. Anyone paying att…
Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but I’ll have to rely on you!   
 Judge Amy Coney Barrett is one of the finest legal minds of her generation and has now proven to be a wise judge as well.…
 Judge Barrett is an inspiring American+highly respected jurist She’s an excellent choice for Supreme Ct When hearings be…
 Congratulations to the Honorable Amy Coney Barrett. Judge Barrett is an outstanding jurist and a committed constitutio…
 Judge Barrett is a brilliant legal thinker and will be an excellent Supreme Court Justice. 
 Epic!The Patriots of Hawaii are Standing Up ; Raising their Voices in this Blue State! The Silent Majority isn’t Silen…
 So sad. This poor business owner lost everything due to the  
 In Democrat cities you can get arrested for opening a business, but not for looting one.  
We broke them up last night, fast. Numerous are, and will be, in prison! 
 The economic problems caused by this virus have never been seen before. This package is to help individuals, families a…
 The Flagrant Distortions and Subtle Lies of the ‘1619 Project’ - timely revival of setting straight the Ame…
 BREAKING: After Hillary Clinton's campaign law firm fed Comey's top FBI counsel James Baker alleged Russia dirt on Trump,…
Cryin’Chuck doesn’t have a clue. Couldn’t care less about the American Worker! 
Cases up only because of our big number testing. Mortality rate way down!!! 
 Chairman on the passage of the Families First Coronavirus Response Act:✓ Increased paid sick leave✓ Incr…
 The purpose of the federal government is to provide a national response during a national emergency. That is why I vote…
 JUST IN: US Senate passes coronavirus relief bill that would provide for free coronavirus testing, paid family and sick leave,…
 DEVELOPING: Steele's FBI handler Gaeta testified he memorialized his initial July 5, 2016, meeting w Steele ; his Nov 2016…
 BREAKING: Clinton campaign lawyer Marc Elias testified he sent the bills from Fusion GPS to campaign manager Robby Mook, y…
 Malaria drug and zinc, the missing link  via
 The liberal media ; Dems don’t want the election called the night of the election. They want a few extra days to massage the nu…
Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!
 July 4, Now More Than Ever - our editorial:  
  Portland is your responsibility, not President You have allowed  and  militan…
 🚨 Must-read:"Judge Barrett’s extensive experience as a professor and litigator, record of academic success, and outs…
This would be the beginning of the end. He has no clue, but he wouldn’t be calling the shots!!! 
 Small business layoffs spiked 1,000% last month. 10% of the U.S. workforce is now jobless. This is no time for political…
 The Paycheck Protection Program has been so successful for America’s small businesses that it is projected to run out of mon…
 Negotiated by and House Democrats, this bill gives immediate and vital relief for American workers and small bus…
....good practice.” As you saw last night, they were very cool ; very professional. Never let it get out of hand. Thank you! On the bad side, the D.C. Mayor, who is always looking for money ; help, wouldn’t let the D.C. Police get involved. “Not their job.” Nice!
....have been greeted with the most vicious dogs, and most ominous weapons, I have ever seen. That’s when people would have been really badly hurt, at least. Many Secret Service agents just waiting for action. “We put the young ones on the front line, sir, they love it, and....
...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins – it’s just that simple!
Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash...
...And if the Federal Government wasn’t getting ready to go in, and we were all set, it would still be a squatter’s (anarchist’s) mess! 
Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
 Governor of Arizona Doug Ducey to President on Border Security: “This is the first administration that has…
 Rep. Debbie Lesko to President on Border Security: “There is such a clear difference between you and your f…
 I'm proud the Senate set partisan differences aside and worked together to pass bipartisan solutions to help slow the sp…
 Just voted to pass the Families First Coronavirus Response Act, providing:- Free coronavirus testing- Paid sick leave…
 My full statement on today's vote: 
The Lamestream Media is truly out of control. Look how they work (conspire!) together. They are the Enemy of the People, but don’t worry, we will WIN in November! 
Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... 
 Democrats now trying to distance themselves from  but it’s not gonna work. Antifa ; BLM are your supporters…
 The  is a lifeline for small businesses on Main Street across America. Congress must urgently pas…
Great job last night at the White House by the U.S. They were not only totally professional, but very cool. I was inside, watched every move, and couldn’t have felt more safe. They let the “protesters” scream ; rant as much as they wanted, but whenever someone....
 We must stop the spread of  I support social distancing measures taken on the federal, state and local l…
 President will not let thugs destroy America's monuments! 
...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands.
 Today’s PGA Tour Winner, 42- year old Jim Herman credits President Donald Trump for 'little bit of good luck' at this…
 Obama conference call leaked to Burisma: Biden emails 
Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded...
 🧵Thread🧵The bombshell story about Joe ; Hunter Biden has caused some bluechecks to suddenly worry about pushin…
 President is upholding his constitutional duty by swiftly nominating someone to the Supreme Court. Hi…
 Judge Amy Coney Barrett is a remarkable nominee, and the Senate should confirm her without delay. The RNC is investing…
Then we must be very careful. Crazy Nancy would be a total disaster, and the USA will never be a Communist Country! 
 What a great story. has turned the Admirals Club at into a mask-making factory! During a time of crisi…
 President has mobilized his Administration to address barriers to women's full economic empowerment around…
....got too frisky or out of line, they would quickly come down on them, hard - didn’t know what hit them. The front line was replaced with fresh agents, like magic. Big crowd, professionally organized, but nobody came close to breaching the fence. If they had they would....
  gives parents the power to pick a better educational solution for their children. All Kids Matter. 
 Let's be clear about what's going on:Republicans are trying to replenish the Paycheck Protection Program before funds r…
 2day the Senate is expected to vote on the bipartisan House bill to provide relief to workers affected by coronavirus I’…
They professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just their to cause trouble. The handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
 What is social distancing and why does it matter?More from 👇🏻 
 "In the fight against the coronavirus, the Trump administration is not just taking a whole of government approach, but a who…
Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
 This breakthrough was made possible by President leadership—and it provides a foundation for further adv…
A great time to have strong Borders, and we now have the strongest Borders in our history. 182 miles of Border Wall already built! Dems want Open Borders, let EVERYONE IN. No thanks! 
 Finally, Biden asked more precise question about monuments. Responds by saying that it would be "better" if local governme…
 President is in Yuma, Arizona, to commemorate the completion of 200+ miles of border wall! 
 “I’ll keep your jobs in Pennsylvania where they belong!” 
 President highlights mail-in voter fraud 
 Patrick Yoes, President of the National Fraternal Order of Police to “You sir, have never turned your back on…
They professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just there to cause trouble. The handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
....The Fake News Media is being laughed at all over the world! 
 ICYMI: This afternoon, I held a Facebook town hall to discuss our response to the coronavirus. 
 “Republicans and Democrats are coming together”More from 👇🏻 
 🚨Attention Idaho small business owners🚨 If your business has been disrupted or impacted by coronavirus, fill out a form w…
 Earlier today, I spoke with other members of about the next steps we’re going to take to ensure our local e…
 Senior Advisor on moving U.S. embassy to Jerusalem: President believes in keeping his promise…
 Senior Advisor President opposes universal mail-in-voting because he wants a fair election h…
Fake Journalists! 
 My full statement on the passing of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg below ⬇️.  We didn’t always agree, but RBG was a true pat…
 “Well, we won Pennsylvania last time and we’re going to win it by a lot more this time.” 
 “Judge Barrett is a brilliant legal mind … Most important of all, she will defend your God-given rights and freedoms.”  
 I’ve just come from the Rose Garden of the White House where I proudly nominated Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supr…
 Conference Chairman is the millennials who will make the difference in slowing the spread of this dise…
A Great Guy! 
 Senator Rubio issued the following statement regarding the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett to the U.S. Supreme Court.R…
 Judge Amy Coney Barrett is an exceptionally impressive jurist and an exceedingly well-qualified nominee to the Supreme Co…
 Judge Barrett is an excellent choice and will make a great Supreme Court Justice. I will enthusiastically support her confir…

 Hey Ted Wheeler, Nobody believes that Trump hurting your feelings with mean words is why ANTIFA is burning Portland to…
The professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just there to cause trouble. The handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
 LIVE: POTUS delivers an address to young Americans 
 President on the death of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg: "She led an amazing life...She was an amazing woman,…
Would lead to disaster! 
 President continues to enjoy a record enthusiasm advantage over Biden, and Republicans are now outpacin…
 Senior Advisor Israel-UAE deal is “the culmination of three and a half years of incredible diplomacy by Presi…
Big news! 
 It is my intention that the Senate will not adjourn until we have passed significant and bold new steps, above and beyond…
 Made good progress on getting 💰 into the hands of small businesses so they don’t have to lay off their workers.Senate isn…
These are “Organized Groups” that have nothing to do with George Floyd. Sad!
  We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!
 According to the PC Coronavirus Police, protesting America is safe, but celebrating America is unsafe 
 We need to provide real relief to American workers who have been impacted by  and we need to do it right now.…
 Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!!
 TRUMP: “If stupid people aren’t elected next year, we’re going to have one of the greatest years that we’ve ever had.” ht…
HAPPY EASTER! 
 I am pleased that President Trump has nominated Judge Amy Coney Barrett to sit on the U.S. Supreme Court.
 My statement on the president’s nomination of Judge Amy Coney Barrett to serve on the Supreme Court⬇️. While I look forwa…
 Excellent choice, President Amy Coney Barrett seems made for this moment.She’s a brilliant l…
 As the Chairman of the Committee, I’m very committed to ensuring the nominee gets a cha…
Mayor Jacob Frey of Minneapolis will never be mistaken for the late, great General Douglas McArthur or great fighter General George Patton. How come all of these places that defend so poorly are run by Liberal Democrats? Get tough and fight (and arrest the bad ones). STRENGTH!
 The Senate remains in session this week working to pass monumental legislation to combat the Coronavirus ; help the American…
 Do you know the symptoms of  Difficulty breathing, persistent pain or pressure in the chest, confusion, bluish lip…
  is a valuable tool to provide care ; protect people in this  Pleased ; task…
  is spot on. “Dr. Fauci said this week that there should be no fear for people to go out and vote in per…
Tomorrow and the Senate Republicans have a Great Bill, the  up for a vote. Will be great for both people of color and police - in fact, has major police support. Rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe! Hope to sign it into law ASAP!
A very good sign is that empty hospital beds are becoming more and more prevalent. We deployed 418 Doctors, Nurses and Respiratory Therapists from the hospital ship Comfort and the Javits Convention Center to hospitals in NYC ; State. Have more bed capacity than was needed. Good!
 Wishing all a safe and blessed Easter Sunday. I will be tuning into Pastor at 
Big 4th of July Air Show soon coming down the East Coast. Get ready to look up to the sky. Check local listings!
 Amy Coney Barrett is an outstanding judge and an even better person. I commend President Trump on another exceptional pi…
  made the right choice by choosing Amy Coney Barrett to serve on the Supreme Court. Throughout her career,…
 I am thrilled with nomination of fellow Hoosier, Judge Amy Coney Barrett, to serve on the Supreme Court. I've co…
 I applaud President nomination of Amy Coney Barrett to service on the U.S. Supreme Court. She is a b…
 The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!
 While Senate Democrats have already shown they are more than happy to belittle her faith through baseless partisan att…
 THANK YOU!  
OBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time! 
 Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back!
 Durham probe: Ex-FBI lawyer to plead guilty in first criminal case arising from review, sources say | Fox News 
 This says it all. Our Mayor can play arts and crafts in front of Trump Tower but he can’t shine the Tribute Light Memorial a…
 People are facing challenges all across the country. I sat down with tonight to discuss how Congress is…
Ratings way down, show sucks! 
Will be speaking at 7:00 P.M. Thank you for all of the nice comments on the Mount Rushmore speech last night!!!
 Kamala Harris reportedly owes $1M in bills from failed presidential run  
 Judge Barrett will defend our Montana way of life from those that want to take away our 2nd Amendment rights and destroy o…
 I supported her nomination in 2017 for the Court of Appeals, and I look forward to working through the process of advi…
It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped, and now!
 My congratulations to Judge Barrett on her  nomination. I look forward to reviewing her judicial record ; other…
 Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns,…
This picture seems like just yesterday when Ronald recieved the Congressional Medal of Honor. What a man! 
 ...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it…
  Boat Parade today in Clearwater, Florida!!!!!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
It’s ANTIFA and the Radical Left. Don’t lay the blame on others!
 Steve is one of the very best in the Senate. He is competing against a failed Democrat Presidential candidate who neve…
Great businessman ; philanthropist Bernies Marcus, Co-Founder of Home Depot, said that Congress was too distracted by the (phony) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating  CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also
When will they open a Cold Case on the Psycho Joe Scarborough matter in Florida. Did he get away with murder? Some people think so. Why did he leave Congress so quietly and quickly? Isn’t it obvious? What’s happening now? A total nut job!
 LIVE: Salute to America! 

Here we go again. Fake News is blaming RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA. They are sick losers with VERY bad ratings! P.S. Can’t blame China because they need the cash?
 It is NONSENSE to say is undercutting the Postal Service. I know. I oversaw USPS in Congress on the Overs…
I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???
A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! 
 Mail-In Ballots will lead to MASSIVE electoral fraud and a RIGGED 2020 Election.We cannot let it happen! 
 President says violence must stop so Americans can honor the memory of  
Great businessman ; philanthropist Bernie Marcus, Co-Founder of Home Depot, said that Congress was too distracted by the (phony) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating  CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also
 A huge part of Colorado’s economy relies on restaurants and hospitality. I’m working to help Congress recognize how the…
Steve is one of the very best in the Senate. He is competing against a failed Democrat Presidential candidate who never got close to 1%, and was sent packing. Had to be talked into this run by Schumer. Bad for 2nd A! I strongly Endorse 
THANK YOU NOH CAROLINA! 


Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! 
Will be interviewed on this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!

Remember, get out and Vote for Mike Garcia in CA25. A really big deal for our Country!
The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board doesn’t have a clue on how to fight and win. Their views on Tariffs ; Trade are losers for the U.S., but winners for other countries, including China. If we followed their standards,  we’d have no Country left. They should love Sleepy Joe!
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!

YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 
 With 1.4 million jobs added in August, President Trump’s GREAT AMERICAN COMEBACK is underway! 
 President is en route to Kennedy Space Center to view the planned and rocket launch. 
 The left-wing mob presents a serious threat to the American way of life. They won’t stop at statues. They've already torched…
  announces that the United States and Mexico have agreed to restrict non-essential travel across the U.S.-Mexico…
 President early, decisive travel restrictions slowed the Coronavirus' spread to our shores—and we are do…
Crossing State lines to incite violence is a FEDERAL CRIME! Liberal Governors and Mayors must get MUCH tougher or the Federal Government will step in and do what has to be done, and that includes using the unlimited power of our Military and many arrests. Thank you!
 Rose McGowan Accuses Bill Maher Of Sexual Harassment 
On this wonderful day, we celebrate our history, our heroes, our heritage, our flag, and our FREEDOM. Happy Fourth of July to Everyone!  
I will be doing a major Fake Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!
 The President tweets that people should stop breaking the law and Twitter moves to censor him.The left is uncomfortable th…
The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue!
It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, North Carolina WINS, and America WINS! 
I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?
Winning Big. Next year, if I’m re-elected, will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!
 This is insane. 
 This is a blockbuster story from  Watch and see if any cable news channels carry it:  There…




What’s with POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from
Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!
Wow. got caught cold manipulating the words and meaning of my 4th of July Speech. They were brazen, desperate. Watch what happens!
Is James Comey and his band of Dirty Cops going to apologize to General Michael Flynn (and many others) for what they have done to ruin his life? What about Robert Mueller and his Angry Democrat Cronies - Are they going to say, SO SORRY? And what about Obama ; Biden?
 Sol Wisenberg: Unmasking, Leaking Flynn/Kislyak Phone Calls to Media a Felony  
Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!
VIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100% SAFE. If not, it is GONE!
Today I spoke with our Nation’s Small Businesses, which employ nearly half of America’s workforce. We are taking the MOST aggressive action in history to deliver fast relief to your businesses and workers. We will always protect our Small Businesses! 
For the first time in history there is a fully signed Presidential Disaster Declaration for all 50 States. We are winning, and will win, the war on the Invisible Enemy!
 These were left in the lobby of an apartment building. They are unsecured ballots ripe for “harvesting” by crooked Demo…
 On this wonderful day, we celebrate our history, our heroes, our heritage, our flag, and our FREEDOM. Happy Fourth of…
 ICYMI:  Founder Rose McGowan Denounces Democratic Party, Says It's A “Cult”
Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to and Governor Kim Reynolds.
   We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us…
LAW ; ORDER!
80% of the RIOTERS in Minneapolis last night were from OUT OF STATE. They are harming businesses (especially African American small businesses), homes, and the community of good, hardworking Minneapolis residents who want peace, equality, and to provide for their families.
...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!
 "Stay safe, stay healthy, and take care of each other." - Director James Murray thanks all those who are continuing to w…

 Fox’s Ingraham: Being Locked in a Basement Is a ‘Gift’ For Biden  
 Congrats everyone for getting  trending lol 😂 
 gladly puts up the phony suppression polls as soon as they come out. We are leading in the REAL polls because people are sick ; tired of watching the Democrat run cities, in all cases, falling apart. Also, now 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Another 2016!
The big Oil Deal with OPEC Plus is done. This will save hundreds of thousands of energy jobs in the United States. I would like to thank and congratulate President Putin of Russia and King Salman of Saudi Arabia. I just spoke to them from the Oval Office. Great deal for all!
 I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturall…
Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!
Hopefully a great, successful and safe ROCKET LAUNCH. Lifting off soon!?!?  
 Tammy Bruce: San Francisco Liberals Don't Push for Homeless Shelters, Turning to Big Government 
 BREAKING: U.S. Officials Have Declassified List Of Obama Officials Who Were Involved In ‘Unmasking’ General Flynn | The D…
 weekend afternoons is the worst! Getting into and MSDNC territory. Watch ; instead. Much better!
Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!

 LIVE NOW:  Take 2. 🎬 Watch as fly to the from U.S. soil for the first time in nine…
More than all other countries together! 
Just watched Mike Wallace wannabe, Chris Wallace, on I am now convinced that he is even worse than Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Press(please!), or the people over at Deface the Nation. What the hell is happening to It’s a whole new ballgame over there!
 To the heroes in the U.S. food supply chain, we salute you. 
LAW ; ORDER!
 
 Congress really should be working towards bipartisan solutions on  but Democrats keep obstructing. They’r…
 Democrats and the media told us over and over again the Bidens were being falsely accused of improper behavior with Buris…
Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!

Pres. Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine. Now it’s back, bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. Enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing! Make lots of money!
If the Fake News Opposition Party is pushing, with all their might, the fact that President Trump “ignored early warnings about the threat,” then why did Media ; Dems viciously criticize me when I instituted a Travel Ban on China? They said “early ; not necessary.” Corrupt Media!
Chicago and New York City crime numbers are way up. 67 people shot in Chicago, 13 killed. Shootings up significantly in NYC where people are demanding that ; act now. Federal Government ready, willing and able to help, if asked!
Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!
Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!
 MediaBuzz: Former NBC Staffer Emily Miller Describes Culture of Harassment at NBC  
 LIVE NOW: We are launching astronauts to the from for the first time in nine years. Liftoff is at 3:2…
No thanks! 
Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 


Asian Americans are VERY angry at what China has done to our Country, and the World. Chinese Americans are the most angry of all. I don’t blame them!
 THANK YOU, Mr. President for your support.You are the greatest President of my lifetime, and writing this book was tr…
 Joe Biden: "Covid has taken this year, just since the outbreak, has taken more than 100 year, look, here's, the lives, it…
SAVE THE POST OFFICE!
 LIVE: POTUS delivers remarks at Kennedy Space Center 
The Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) and their partner, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, have put their political game plan in full swing. “Whether he is right or wrong, it doesn’t matter. Criticize ’Trump’ for everything, and don’t let the public see Biden. Hide him.”
....the good and the bad. It is important for us to understand and remember, even in turbulent and difficult times, and learn from them. Knowledge comes from the most unusual of places!
Very sad to see States allowing roving gangs of wise guys, anarchists ; looters, many of them having no idea what they are doing, indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past. Some are great works of art, but all represent our History ; Heritage, both....
 Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
Governors, get your states testing programs ; apparatus perfected. Be ready, big things are happening. No excuses! The Federal Government is there to help. We are testing more than any country in the World. Also, gear up with Face Masks!
96% APPROVAL RATING IN THE REPUBLICAN PAY. THANK YOU! We will win against a tired, exhausted man, Sleepy Joe Biden, in November.
 "The death of George Floyd on the streets of Minneapolis was a grave tragedy. It should never have happened. It has filled…
 “We support the right of peaceful protestors, and we hear their pleas. But what we are now seeing on the streets of our cit…
Democrats want to Defund ; Abolish Police. This despite poor crime numbers in cities that they run. CRAZY!
It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine. Enjoy!
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
....be put in use IMMEDIATELY. PEOPLE ARE DYING, MOVE FAST, and GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE ; AZITHROMYCIN, taken together, have a real chance to be one of the biggest game changers in the history of medicine. The FDA has moved mountains - Thank You! Hopefully they will BOTH (H works better with A, International Journal of Antimicrobial Agents).....
MN Gov. Walz: We Estimate 80% of the Rioters Are from out of State  via
 A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! 
 It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped,…
 BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of ca…
FAKE NEWS!
 NEW: FBI Received Evidence Of Russian Disinformation In Steele DossierA Hill source adds: "Schiff was slinging Russian d…
 Scott Gottlieb says enabled China's obfuscation on coronavirus, and that it could have been containable had Beijing n…
Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!
Why would put on phony Congresswoman A total waste of airtime!
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS
Jim, to late to take it back. Stay with the truth, no pandering! 
New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing), deaths are down, “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should report this and also, that new job numbers are setting records!
Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham  tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on Enjoy!
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 
She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you. 
This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis ; Iron O Range! 
 Project Veritas uncovers ‘ballot harvesting fraud’ in Minnesota:  
 Read the explosive declassified footnotes from the Horowitz report revealing that the FBI was warned that Christopher…
 FBI's 'central evidence' To Spy On Trump Campaign Was Russian Disinformation, Declassified IG Footnotes Reveal - 
White House News Conference at 12:30 P.M. Thank you!
Statue of Frederick Douglass Torn Down in Rochester  via This shows that these anarchists have no bounds!
 Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!
The American People are WARRIORS!




 Everyone who thinks coronavirus is harmless or doesn’t matter should rethink that opinion immediately.This is an extr…
The National Guard has been released in Minneapolis to do the job that the Democrat Mayor couldn’t do. Should have been used 2 days ago ; there would not have been damage ; Police Headquarters would not have been taken over ; ruined. Great job by the National Guard. No games!
 
 
A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals ; heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!
 ELECTION FRAUD: Project Veritas uncovers alleged ballot harvesting in Rep. Ilahn Omar’s districtLooks l…
Our Testing is the BEST in the World, by FAR! Numbers are coming down in most parts of our Country, which wants to open and get going again. It is happening, safely!
 in North Carolina last week with  ,  and 15K Patriotic Americans🇺🇸Aweso…
Fake News! 
“How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again, The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump.” By Horace Cooper  A great new book!
 NEW DATA: A French study has demonstrated evidence that the combination of Hydroxychloroquine ; Azithromycin are highly…
So interesting to see all of these people I beat so badly, pundits ; consultants that never had a chance, telling me how to run for office. Many are Republicans who should LOVE our 280 new Judges, rebuilt Military, 2A, great V.A. Low Taxes, etc. Just don’t like that I beat them!
 Kayleigh is awesome  no wonder Boris is looking for a British version
 This is beautiful and will have an enormously positive impact on both foster children and the parents who want to adopt…
Great! 
Let New York’s Finest be New York’s Finest. There is nobody better, but they must be allowed to do their job!
If you want your 401k’s  and Stocks, which are getting close to an all time high (NASDAQ is already there), to disintegrate and disappear, vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor, FAST!
 The President's Easter message"we hope all of you are filled with the joy, love, and hope that marks this holiest of days…
 🤔
 My view of what life was like after the Obama presidency is much different than that of
 I remember a slow-growth economy, a weakened military, ISIS raging, Iran emboldened, China eating our lunch, businesse…
 Project Veritas exposes Ilhan Omar-connected cash-for-votes ballot harvesting scheme.
 Project Veritas does it again!
 Totally agree

Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!
The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!
 Report: FBI hid details of Papadopoulos investigation from court  

Remember this, every Governor who has sky high approval on their handling of the Coronavirus, and I am happy for them all, could in no way have gotten those numbers, or had that success, without me and the Federal Governments help. From Ventilators to Testing, we made it happen!
 Today, President signed a historic child welfare executive order, bringing all adoption partners to the ta…
 The left is determined to tear down America's cultural heritage and history. Not on President watch. h…
 Achieving the best outcomes for vulnerable children and families in America is a priority for both President
 In Case You Missed It President has:▶️ Appointed and the Senate has confirmed over 20…
 is the boss!  Love her.  CNN will never learn 😂😂😂😂
Fake News! 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 10:00 P.M. on Enjoy!
 Today, and I had the honor of joining President to witness and compl…
China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World!
 Maybe the Clintons won't get away it after all.
Sorry Fake News, it’s all on tape. I banned China long before people spoke up. Thank you 
Has apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers ; officials who came to his aid, stood by his side, ; were willing to sacrifice everything for him, only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX? That ; Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER!
 ▶️ Negotiated peace agreement between UAE and Israel.▶️ Stood up to China.▶️ Stopped caravans from Central America…
 President Today we launch American astronauts on American rockets from American soil 
 President says you can’t be  on Earth if you are  in space.America will not be  anywhere! 
 President “In the years ahead, America will go bigger, bolder, further, faster, and America will go first.…
 This will likely be seen as Signature Speech/moment.
 I’m sure I’ve left out many other things….but not a bad first term. Unlike John Kasich I believe we are on the right…

Looking forward to being in Allentown, Pennsylvania, on Thursday. I love the State, and for very good reason!
Thank you! 
CHINESE VIRUS FACT CHECK 
Wisconsin, please get out NOW and vote for Tom Tiffany for Congress. A great guy!
.....Financial Statements, from  the time I announced I was going to run for President,  showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!

.....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release....
 Report: Obama admin. repeatedly cut PPE stockpile, failed to replenish s...  
 President on the destroying of statues: “Not going to happen while I’m here.” 
 The National Guard has been released in Minneapolis to do the job that the Democrat Mayor couldn’t do. Should have bee…
 New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing), deaths are down, “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should r…
 Democrats and the media are covering up Andrew Cuomo’s coronavirus failures. His mismanagement was deadly, especially f…

Thank you! 
Congratulations to our National Guard for the great job they did immediately upon arriving in Minneapolis, Minnesota, last night. The ANTIFA led anarchists, among others, were shut down quickly. Should have been done by Mayor on first night and there would have been no trouble!
A commentator just ripped me with lies, with nobody defending. They talked about the “friendly” protesters (they set the Church on fire the day before. They were anything but friendly), and how I stood and held the Bible upside down - it wasn’t upside down.
Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
Crude Oil prices going up as Saudi Arabia cuts production levels. Our great Energy Companies, with millions of JOBS, are starting to look very good again. At the same time, gasoline prices at record lows (like a big Tax Cut). The BEST of all Worlds. “Transition To Greatness”
New York City and Chicago play the Sanctuary City card, where criminals are protected. Perhaps they will have to start changing their ways (and thinking!).
My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again!
 Nevada is now the 7th state to quietly reverse their decision to block HCQ prescriptions for COVID-19. Physicians in Neva…
 Disturbing!  Cannot possibly Lead our Amazing Country!  He will get eaten alive by ALL other foreign leaders, radical…
 For the first time in history there is a fully signed Presidential Disaster Declaration for all 50 States. We are winn…
The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes ; all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information ; only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation ; tax credits.....
If Big Tech persists, in coordination with the mainstream media, we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections, they created a monster!
 🚨Hunter Biden demanded Chinese billionaire pay $10 million for ‘introductions alone’ 
 I remember a man who said...- We need to secure our borders- We need to bring businesses back to America - We need…
“This is no longer about peaceful protesting, this is about angry, violent, criminal mobs taking over certain (Democrat run) cities. It is a lack of political leadership in that city.” Chad Wolf
The Fake News and phony Fake Suppression Polls have never been worse. The Lamestream Media has gone CRAZY!
 The big Oil Deal with OPEC Plus is done. This will save hundreds of thousands of energy jobs in the United States. I w…
 If the Fake News Opposition Party is pushing, with all their might, the fact that President Trump “ignored early warni…
Other Democrat run Cities and States should look at the total shutdown of Radical Left Anarchists in Minneapolis last night. The National Guard did a great job, and should be used in other States before it is too late!
California should let Tesla ; open the plant, NOW. It can be done Fast ; Safely!
 Another legal victory for the RNC ; We sued to protect Iowa voters from rogue county auditors who unilater…
Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?
Thank you David, so true! 
NASDAQ HITS ALL TIME HIGH!
As long as other countries are receiving the benefits of Negative Rates, the USA should also accept the “GIFT”. Big numbers!
The United States of America will be designating ANTIFA as a Terrorist Organization.
Failed presidential candidate (thank you President Trump!), Carly Fiorina, said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden. She lost so badly to me, twice in one campaign, that she should be voting for Joe. No complaints!!!
 Governors, get your states testing programs ; apparatus perfected. Be ready, big things are happening. No excuses! The…
 NY Governor Andrew Cuomo on President Trump's response to the coronavirus:He “has been responsive to New York and respo…
Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW ; ORDER!
 Fact:Under President Trump, the process of getting a coronavirus vaccine into testing has occurred at one of the FASTE…
They name teams out of STRENGTH, not weakness, but now the Washington Redskins ; Cleveland Indians, two fabled sports franchises, look like they are going to be changing their names in order to be politically correct. Indians, like Elizabeth Warren, must be very angry right now!
The number of ChinaVirus cases goes up, because of GREAT TESTING, while the number of deaths (mortality rate), goes way down. The Fake News doesn’t like telling you that!
Great going Natalie! 
  “I’m proud to have received the first ever unanimous endorsement from the largest police union in the world—t…
The Lamestream Media is doing everything within their power to foment hatred and anarchy. As long as everybody understands what they are doing, that they are FAKE NEWS and truly bad people with a sick agenda, we can easily work through them to GREATNESS!
 Remember, get out and Vote for Mike Garcia in CA25. A really big deal for our Country!
 Wisconsin, please get out NOW and vote for Tom Tiffany for Congress. A great guy!
Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!
 THANK YOU NOH CAROLINA! 

 Does the  know forced nursing homes across NY to take in COVID positive patients and planted…
 Did you see him at this thing? He looked like a corpse. 
 Can someone honestly say they want to be their president? 
 Number one!!!!! I can’t call you my “followers,” because you are so much more than that. You are truly my heroes. 
Deaths from the China Virus are down 39%, while our great testing program continues to lead the World, by FAR! Why isn’t the Fake News reporting that Deaths are way down? It is only because they are, indeed, FAKE NEWS!
 The true story of the ultimate American underdogs is told in my new book "Sam Houston ; the Alamo Avengers" available in pape…
 Here’s an example of what I’m working on:Virginia’s 2nd Congressional District is flippable.
 If you ; CNN would have paid attention to the White House coronavirus briefing, you would have the answer.“We have p…
The Obama/Biden Administration is the most CORRUPT in HISTORY! 
 Our economy was strong before covid-19 and has equipped small businesses across the nation to get back to wor…
 The and continue to lead the fight against COVID-19 in North Carolina. 39 health centers across N.C.…
 Just heard from the that a shipment of 50,000 K-90 masks have been sent to ND in addition to what we…
...of 2,541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2, 2020 across the system’s six hospitals, the study found 13% of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26.4% not treated with hydroxychloroquine.”
“Treatment with hydroxychloroquine cut the death rate significantly in sick patients hospitalized with COVID-19 – and without heart-related side-effects, according to a new study published by Henry Ford Health System. In a large-scale retrospective analysis...
 Democrats want to scare the American people about Russia when we know the real threat the United States faces is from Chi…
 Oh my gosh Cuomo doing a victory lap after the most outrageous mishandling of COVID in the country is just so gross.…
The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination!
I gave no choice! 
 Ladies ; gentlemen, I present to you: The democrat presidential candidate. “We have never, never let our democracy sa…
 “It’s unprecedented what we’ve done. Many, many doctors can’t believe the great job we’ve done:”“By closing the coun…
Black Lives Matter leader states, “If U.S. doesn’t give us what we want, then we will burn down this system and replace it”. This is Treason, Sedition, Insurrection!
Law ; Order in Philadelphia, NOW! They are looting stores. Call in our great National Guard like they FINALLY did (thank you President Trump) last night in Minneapolis. Is this what voters want with Sleepy Joe? All Dems!
 Republicans will rebuild the greatest economy in history. We've done it once with President we will do…
Big News: Tom Tiffany of the Great State of Wisconsin has just become Congressman Tom Tiffany. He will do a FANTASTIC job for the people of Wisconsin, and the United States. Congratulations!
 Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden b…
 Here's John Kasich calling Joe Biden a liar in 2012.  
 Susan Molinari was a lobbyist for Russia.Now she thinks Joe Biden should be president.  
SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL!!!
 OMG. This isn’t a mispronunciation or stumbling over a few words. This is really bad.

I look forward to it also! 
  waiving charges for home delivery of prescription medications due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Learn more: 
 
 Flynn Attorney: Whole Thing ‘Set Up Within the FBI and in the Oval Office with President Obama 
 Andrew Cuomo's ego trip continues: He gave a 5 minute speech and didn’t mention Joe Biden until last 20 seconds or so.
 InsaneBiden praises Cuomo's "leadership," as his state is first in the nation in coronavirus deaths and second in dea…
Get tough Democrat Mayors and Governors. These people are ANARCHISTS. Call in our National Guard NOW. The World is watching and laughing at you and Sleepy Joe. Is this what America wants? NO!!!
 Yes, the DNC just featured a registered foreign lobbyist for Russia as one of its speakers htt…
The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China, especially so early, therefore, far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!
Told that Bill de Blasio wants to paint the fabled ; beautiful Fifth Avenue, right in front of Trump Tower/Tiffany, with a big yellow Black Lives Matter sign. “Pigs in a Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”, referring to killing Police, is their chant. NYC Police are furious!
 Kevin Ware -Newt Gingrich Former House Speaker just revealed who's funding the riots the most awkward moment ever the…
 If you ever feel like a fraud in life, just remember that Democrats ; the media spend every day pretending that Joe Biden…
 President administration has built the most advanced testing system in the world from scratch 
 This morning, President congratulated Lordstown Motors of Lordstown, Ohio, on their manufacturing of the 2…
  is spot on has actually created jobs, while Joe Biden has just talked about it for 5…
 If you’re an Independent or Moderate Democrat......never forget that while Democrat Party leaders are fighting hard fo…
 Earlier today announced the tremendous work is doing to produce masks. This evening I learned my…
STRENGTH! 
LAW ; ORDER!
Shifty Schiff exposed! 
People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
BREAKING NEWS: The Mortality Rate for the China Virus in the U.S. is just about the LOWEST IN THE WORLD! Also, Deaths in the U.S. are way down, a tenfold decrease since the Pandemic height (and, our Economy is coming back strong!).
Will be interviewed by on tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
 Hey did Donald Trump make you keep  schools open as long as you did? Did Trump make you keep the subways open w…
 Where did this guy go?‘He Has Delivered for New York': Cuomo Praises Trump's Coronavirus Response 
 President on Lordstown Motors in  The area is "absolutely booming" now 
A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
Thank you! 

Thank you 
SO TERRIBLE! Where are the arrests and LONG TERM jail sentences? 
Fake must be taken back. These “journalists” got everything wrong. Give them to the real journalists who got it right! 
 Coumo "Our way worked in New York" Seriously?!?! I don't want any part of that way... 
....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it....
SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!
Landing in Wisconsin. Launching big new ship contract!
 

Thank you Paris! 
 LIVE: President Trump delivers remarks at Fincantieri Marinette Marine 
 Democrats should be deeply embarrassed that their leadership has embraced conspiratorial claims about the USPS. 

Thank you  
 "It was the worst journalistic fiasco of now my more than 50 some years in journalism. It was a disaster. cal…
Women for Trump co-chair: Biden might not be 'ultimate nominee,' and Dems engaging in 'elder abuse' 
  signed legislation today that will maintain educational benefits for Veterans and their families impacted by th…
 No, the Postal Service Isn’t Stealing the Election 
Why does the a Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on Enjoy!
 Crossing State lines to incite violence is a FEDERAL CRIME! Liberal Governors and Mayors must get MUCH tougher or the…
 The radical-left formally divorced itself from America last night. They are domestic terrorists and enemies of the United Sta…
 said she would "​put a lot of coal miners out of jobs" now says the same thing to the hardworkin…
 HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE ; AZITHROMYCIN, taken together, have a real chance to be one of the biggest game changers in the hi…
 ....be put in use IMMEDIATELY. PEOPLE ARE DYING, MOVE FAST, and GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
Our National Guard stopped them cold last night. Should have been called up sooner! 
 "This contract will support your 1,500 full-time employees, and it will also enable you to hire another 1,000 people all ac…
 Today represents a victory for Wisconsin, for our military, and for the entire Nation. 🇺🇸 
 "For more than 75 years, the workers of this shipyard have built some 1,500 of the finest and most fearsome vessels ever to…
Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!
 Michael Moore, just now on MSNBC, said he was “shocked” that Biden didn’t “swing to the right” and pick Susan Rice, and inst…
 FDA approves first COVID-19 antigen test 
 Chuck Todd’s Meet the Press show admits deceptive edit of Barr video, DOJ cries foul | Just The News 
Will be interviewed on at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy! 



 Fox News Poll: Trump job approval hits new high as voters rally during crisis. Eighty-nine percent of Republicans approv…
 PSA: Text messages and emails about national quarantines are absolutely false and started by those wanting to cause fear and con…
 To the health care workers on the frontlines.To postal carriers, truck drivers ; supermarket employees.To those staying…
“The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!
If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid, the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance. This is beyond a normal mistake. Why isn’t the media reporting it? 

 Much more “disinformation” coming out of CNN, MSDNC, and by far, than coming out of any fore…
 More on Flynn case - Part of the "Watergate Prosecutors" group who filed a brief opposing the DOJ motion to dismiss is Ji…
WOW! 
 AND THAT’S THE WAY IT IS...Thousands of Seattle Democrats gather to demand mail-in voting because it’s too dangerous to…
 Rich Baris: "Democrats are in a complete and total panic right now."
 US House hopeful Mowers raised $354K in first quarter; campaign says it’s a primary record for a GOP candidate in NH. We…
Big Congressional win in California for Mike Garcia, taking back a seat from the Democrats. This is the first time in many years that a California Dem seat has flipped back to a Republican. Also, Tom Tiffany beat his Democrat rival BIG in Wisconsin. Two great Congressional WINS!
 Hearing a lot about texts from "friends at DHS" or "friends with connections at DHS" that say DHS is planning a national lock…
 Appreciate the opportunity to talk with Georgia Hospital Association members about the  response and how we…
 President “America’s proudest moments are still ahead” 
 The Russia-Obsessed Media Does Its Best to Ignore Clinesmith’s Guilty Plea 
 PREVIEW TODAY'S  ;  MISSIVE: Arizona has beaten COVID ; is back to pre-summer levels. Where is the media…
 New COVID-19 cases in the United States have declined by 38% over the last month. 
 President on Portland: "To the Mayor, I say whenever you're ready, let us know—we'll solve your problem of…
 🟥 Black Lives Matter / Antifa
 I will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on Enjoy!
 
 Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST, even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres.

 Trump put on a GREAT show in New Hampshire. Well over an hour! When Biden campaigns will he go for an hour?  Probably 8…
I was honored to be in Wisconsin today, on the edge of beautiful Lake Michigan, with the legendary workers of Marinette Marine! 
 We all need to do our part, stay inside and promote social distancing. This is the best thing we can do to stem the sprea…
 I hope you’ll  join me in thanking the folks working around the clock to keep the food supply chain moving and the shelv…
 Over the past week, blood centers throughout the country have experienced a significant drop in donations due to  I…
The story is a Fake, just like the “paper” itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban, long before most others wanted to do so. told me nothing until later, and memo was same as Ban (see his statements). Fake News!
THANK YOU!  
Wall is moving fast in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and California. Great numbers at the Southern Border. Dems want people to just flow in. They want very dangerous open Borders! 
  How can this be used in getting attention to the Judge making a huge error? Shouldn…
Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor....
 NPR, which was a co-conspirator in the Russia collusion hoax, redefines Clinesmith pleading guilty to falsifying evidence…
The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!
 BREAKING: Omar Connected Harvester SEEN Exchanging $200 for General Election Ballot."We don't care illegal."..."We are…
I am working hard to expose the corruption and dishonesty in the Lamestream Media. That part is easy, the hard part is WHY?
“Newly released documents show Schiff knew all along there was no proof of Russia-Trump collusion.” Wall Street Journal
 A quick update from Washington about what we are doing to provide the necessary resources to protect the American peop…
 Remember the best places to stay up to date with the latest  developments:
Thank you. Will never let you down! 
 In my Friday evening Corner column on Clinesmith’s Russiagate guilty plea, some memories of the Schiff Memo and t…
 The United States of America will be designating ANTIFA as a Terrorist Organization.
The highly respected Henry Ford Health System just reported, based on a large sampling, that HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE cut the death rate in certain sick patients very significantly. The Dems disparaged it for political reasons (me!). Disgraceful. Act now
 President Trump returns to the White House after a GREAT day in Wisconsin.... 
 
 
Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon!  
The story is a Fake, just like the “paper” itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban, long before most others wanted to do so. told me nothing until later, and Peter Navarro memo was same as Ban (see his statements). Fake News!
 “In these sobering times, I’m reminded of what makes America strong.”More from Senator 
FAKE NEWS!
Does anybody believe this man? Caught! 
“President Trump champions American greatness in his Mount Rushmore speech.”
  on scaling back election security briefings “...within minutes of one of those briefings end…
....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back ; watch!
 Joe Biden finally left the basement, and here is the "welcome" he received. Pennsylvania voters support
Somebody please explain to that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it weren’t for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late ;  unenthusiastic endorsement.....
 China's anti-Trump election meddling raises new alarm, as DNI calls country biggest threat | Fox News 
 
 You had a Democratic president and a Republican senate in 2016. Here we've got both and I think for our supporters, they'…
 29 times in American history there was an open Supreme Court vacancy in a presidential election year. All 29 times t…
....disaster, the Energy Industry will be strong again, far faster than currently anticipated. Thank you to all of those who worked with me on getting this very big business back on track, in particular Russia and Saudi Arabia.
 Conference Chairman have people all across this country—through no fault of their own—areout of work.…
 "This is a good time to be extra kind to one another."Sen. Hawley and Erin share a message of encouragement as we fac…
 The Lamestream Media is doing everything within their power to foment hatred and anarchy. As long as everybody underst…
Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media! 
 Joe Biden won’t make an HONEST campaign ad. So I did it for him! 🤣 
Coronavirus deaths are way down. Mortality rate is one of the lowest in the World. Our Economy is roaring back and will NOT be shut down. “Embers” or flare ups will be put out, as necessary!
Obama was always wrong! 
Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!
 Packing the Supreme Court would fit the Democrats’ escalating pattern of breaking political norms on judicial nominations.…
Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
Having been involved in the negotiations, to put it mildly, the number that OPEC+ is looking to cut is 20 Million Barrels a day, not the 10 Million that is generally being reported. If anything near this happens, and the World gets back to business from the Covid 19.....
 The Chinese Communist Party, Russia, Iran, and bad actors around the world are spreading misinformation and lies about the…
“I don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in. This is an ANTIFA Organization. It seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was Occupy Wall Street. It’s the same mindset.”   TRUE!
He has no idea, so the answer is yes!!! 
 ABSOLUTELY PACKED HOUSE for and speech today leading up to
The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!
Now Fake News is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!
 Brit Hume: Mueller report coverage 'worst journalistic fiasco' he's seen in 50-year news caree 
Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE ; SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here:  
 Fox News’ Brit Hume calls the media’s coverage of alleged collusion with the Trump campaign and Russia the "worst journa…
 
....It is the decision of the President, and for many good reasons. With that being said, the Administration and I are working closely with the Governors, and this will continue. A decision by me, in conjunction with the Governors and input from others, will be made shortly!
For the purpose of creating conflict and confusion, some in the Fake News Media are saying that it is the Governors decision to open up the states, not that of the President of the United States ; the Federal Government. Let it be fully understood that this is incorrect....
“These were the people that trashed Seattle years ago. Who’s paying for these people. I was appalled that 13 of Joe Biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in Minneapolis. They should have stayed in jail until this is over (and beyond).”
“COVID-19 (China Virus) Death Rate PLUNGES From Peak In U.S.” A Tenfold Decrease In Mortality. The Washington Times  Valerie Richardson.  We have the lowest Mortality Rate in the World. The Fake News should be reporting these most important of facts, but they don’t!
 We got our ballots today--great. Then I opened them. In the one addressed to me: a ballot ; envelope bearing the name of ano…
 Do you want more people to see Joe Biden forget Obama's name? 
Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left ; is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!
I agree 100%. 
White House news conference today at 5:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
 Thank you
 "It was the worst journalistic fiasco of now my more than 50 some years in journalism. called the media's cover…
 MORE: 
 
Sleep Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!
John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 

 And this is the smallest of the problems being reported today as the requested absentee ballots begin to arrive.People…
 These are nothing but childish threats from and the Democrats. Voters elected a Republican President and Repu…
 New York City Board of Elections says vendor error led to voters getting mail-in ballots with return envelopes containing wron…
 Biden slammed after wrongly saying ‘we have over 120 million dead from COVID’
 Voters across Queens have received mail-in ballots for the 2020 presidential election marked for military use despite n…
First the Fake News Media said that it’s not fair for the President of the United States to be giving news conferences, but it is the only way I can reach the American People, as seen in the below poll. 
 
When the so-called “rich guys” speak negatively about the market, you must always remember that some are betting big against it, and make a lot of money if it goes down. Then they go positive, get big publicity, and make it going up. They get you both ways. Barely legal?
A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC ; State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked ; Incompetent! 
MANY people in custody, with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal Property in Lafayette Park. 10 year prison sentences! 
 “At this point, the BOE does not know how many voters may be affected or how it will remedy the problem.”
NOVEMBER 3RD.
 Read my op-ed on why President Trump must nominate a successor next week and why the Senate must confirm that successor bef…

 The Senate will do its constitutional duty. We will process the president's nomination for SCOTUS and conduct thorough…
  “This nomination is why the American people elected Donald Trump as president and this confirmation is w…
My deepest sympathies go out to Frieda Chera and the family of the late, great, Stanley Chera, one of Manhattan’s most brilliant real estate minds. Stanley was charitable, kind, and a wonderful friend. He will be truly missed!
 The Trump Administration is working hard to help small businesses get through this difficult time.For small business owne…
As I have said for a long time, dealing with China is a very expensive thing to do. We just made a great Trade Deal, the ink was barely dry, and the World was hit by the Plague from China. 100 Trade Deals wouldn’t make up the difference - and all those innocent lives lost!
Sleepy Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!
People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!
We will miss GREAT Country Rocker, Charlie Daniels, who passed away yesterday in Hermitage, Tennessee. My condolences to his wife Hazel, and their family. Charlie is in my thoughts and prayers. I love his music! 
  is going to make a  nomination this week ; the Senate will vote on it before the end of this…
 President has the constitutional authority to nominate a Supreme Court Justice and it is the Senate’s…
 Could not agree more.
...I am doing what is necessary to keep our communities safe — and these people will be brought to Justice!
 ICYMI - the driving force in Minnesota state legislature on investigations of campaign finan…
 MUST WATCH! Democrats  scheme exposed. 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 A MESSAGE FROM  🌐🌐🌐
 Today I spoke with our Nation’s Small Businesses, which employ nearly half of America’s workforce. We are taking the M…
 
 
I was going to go to Bedminster, New Jersey, this weekend, but wanted to stay in Washington, D.C. to make sure LAW ; ORDER is enforced. The arsonists, anarchists, looters, and agitators have been largely stopped...
 Fun fact about Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler — not only is he the mayor, he’s also the police commissioner....
 A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally reje…
Death Rate from Coronavirus is down tenfold!
“Trump” is leading in all swing states. Heavily biased Democrat Poll, just like 2016. Biggest “enthusiasm” lead ever! 
THANK YOU, WORKING HARD!  
 Democrats have encouraged rioters ; looters who have burned our towns ; cities - now Dems are threatening to burn down the Co…
Rigged Election! 
 President offered his condolences to Americans across the south who just endured deadly tornadoes and seve…
 What to know what you can do to help our community?✅ Practice social distancing✅ Donate blood ✅…
 My friend just converted his family distillery into a hand sanitizer manufacturing facility. Another g…
 LIVE: President participates in Iowa disaster recovery briefing 
 Waiting to brief President Trump on Iowa’s derecho devastation @ Cedar Rapids, Iowa 
Anarchists, we see you! 
Intel chief releases info on ‘unmasking’ of Flynn to Capitol Hill  via
 Tom Fitton: Americans weren’t generally aware of Joe and Hunter Biden’s shenanigans in Ukraine, but Obama’s State Depart…
In Germany, Denmark, Norway,  Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it would be bad for them politically if U.S. schools open before the November Election, but is important for the children ; families. May cut off funding if not open!
 The precedent here is clear. In the case of a united government, with voters having elected a Senate and White House of the…
Big WIN in Texas on Mail-In Ballots!
Maria is Great! 
 "We're very close to completing a plan to open our country." 
 Over the weekend, the number of daily new infections remained flat.Thanks to the efforts of every American, our strategie…

 We have learned that two of those arrested for throwing Molotov cocktails at police vehicles are attorneys. Colinford M…
First time in 22 years. Mike will be a GREAT CONGRESSMAN! 
I disagree with on their very tough ; expensive guidelines for opening schools. While they want them open, they are asking schools to do very impractical things. I will be meeting with them!!!
I just had the privilege of signing a very strong Executive Order protecting American Monuments, Memorials, and Statues - and combatting recent Criminal Violence. Long prison terms for these lawless acts against our Great Country!
Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God ; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. has a fantastic new book, “One Vote Away”, out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to  to  
On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon!  
  join us 10am et live peter Navarro ceo…
 Why Tom Cotton and Others Are Right To Question Where Coronavirus Started | The National Interest  

The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!
100% Correct. Thank you Tom! 
Proud of Mike! 
A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!! 
Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Virus Mortality Rate is among the LOWEST of any country. Shaping up for a good third quarter, and a great next year! NASDAQ at new record high, 401k’s way up!!!!
 The enthusiasm is undeniable town hall on Fox News drew over 5 MILLION viewers, beating MSNBC and C…
GIANT RED WAVE COMING!
THANK YOU OHIO!  
 Excuse me, I want to interrupt the onslaught of negativity tonight and remind everyone there is no such thing as "false hope."…
 Media keep asking what the Trump Administration was doing in February to combat the coronavirus after restricting travel…

I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now, we are going to win Ohio, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote, here:  
....We will win the Election against Corrupt Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Schumer. We will save the Supreme Court, your 2nd Amendment, permanent damage from the ridiculous Green New Deal, and you from massive Tax Hikes. Also, our Heritage, History and LAW ; ORDER!
Do not believe the Fake News Media. Oklahoma speech had the highest Saturday television ratings in history. dominated T.V. with my interview on Thursday night, more than ; MSDNC COMBINED. These are the real polls, the Silent Majority, not FAKE POLLS!
I will be delivering brief remarks from the Rose Garden at 6:30 P.M. Eastern to update on the Federal Response.
OBAMAGATE!
Congratulations to Jeff on a Great Primary run, and big VICTORY against a very tough opponent!  


This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
 The silent majority are watching all this insanity perpetrated by Democrats and plan to take action on November 3, 2020. 
 VP: US has reached 30 million tests and is now conducting 500,000 a day.
 It is a shame Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler places his politics above the safety of his citizens.
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER, JUST WATCH!!!
 The Speaker of the pandering House just referred to George Floyd as George Kirby.She wants to name the bill after Geor…
 LIVE: President delivers remarks 
The Great State of Wisconsin, home to Tom Tiffany’s big Congressional Victory on Tuesday, was just given another win. Its Democrat Governor was forced by the courts to let the State Open. The people want to get on with their lives. The place is bustling!
 It is August 29, 2020, and Ted Wheeler has not yet resigned for committing war crimes.
The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
 Thank you for being here President Appreciate the strong partnership from you and the entire team. 
That doesn’t sound like Michael, does it? 
 Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler apparently wasn't getting enough attention so he published the letter he wrote to Trump reje…
THANK YOU 
 The chickens are coming home to roost in Portland as anti-police activists rally at mayor Ted Wheeler’s residence and plan t…
 Does it shock anyone that poll watchers are being blocked and kicked out of voting locations in Philly? We are in court righ…

 One major side effect of this economic free-fall is that oil and gas prices are at their lowest point in 18 years. Some areas…
 Interesting
...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!
Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers ; Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election.
My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I swore an oath to uphold the laws of our Nation -- and that is exactly what I will do… 
I don’t know the so-called Whistleblower Rick Bright, never met him or even heard of him, but to me he is a disgruntled employee, not liked or respected by people I spoke to and who, with his attitude, should no longer be working for our government!
Just returned to the after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
 Ofrenda en el Monumento a Abraham Lincoln, desde Washington, EE. UU. 
  didn’t pass VA Accountability or Choice. He didn’t give us the Right to Try—; he had decades to get it done!…
 IT’S TIME TO  As Prosecuting Attorneys Resign, Over 110,000 Sign Petition to Pardon Roger Stone via
 "We must strictly and fully enforce our law and have no tolerance for anarchy and no tolerance-ZERO-for violence. Anyone…
 Today’s agreement between Israel and the United Arab Emirates is a historic step towards a more peaceful Middle East. Co…
I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!

 This is an excellent Q;A explaining the nuts ; bolts of voting in NV, a state that has never conducted a mostly-mail gene…
 The Trump Administration is considering providing direct financial relief to individuals affected by the  Former…
YES! 
22-O in my endorsements of Congressional Candidates this season. California ; Wisconsin won big on Tuesday. Thank you to all of those very brilliant Voters. You will not be disappointed!
 LIVE: President signs joint declaration with President 
In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand...
 President has signed an executive order to ensure anyone that destroys or vandalizes a monument, memorial,…
  administration is holding violent rioters accountable for their disgraceful actions. 
 Been out all day putting Trump stickers on rioters cars, then sitting back watching them destroy each other’s cars. I have…
 Literally every time I hear the words "peaceful protesters" now, I assume it's a lie. This isn't correct or good.
 There is no room to dispute the constitutional authority President Trump has to nominate an individual to fill a Supreme C…
 From Sen. Blunt says President Trump should try to fill Supreme Court vacancy 
Their minds are gone!!! 
Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers ; Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election.
The Democrats don’t want to approve more money for our great workers under the incredibly successful “Paycheck” plan. Replenish Account Now!
The Radical Left Mayors ;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists ; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!
 I almost can’t believe what I’m seeing. POTUS just walked out the front door of the White House and into Lafayette Squar…
Good numbers coming out of States that are opening. America is getting its life back! Vaccine work is looking VERY promising, before end of year. Likewise, other solutions!
So true! 
If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!
 MANY people in custody, with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal Property in Lafayette Park. 10 year…
Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!
 "With this signing, we pledge a close and continued friendship between the United States and Mexico." 🇺🇸 🇲🇽 
 President welcomes President to the White House! 🇺🇸 🇲🇽 "We're truly moved that you chose…
Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, ; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military ; Vets. She has my Complete ; Total Endorsement!
Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy ; Jobs) ; your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!
 Read my full statement on the Supreme Court vacancy ⬇️ 

 With a divided govt in 2016 there was ambiguity about what the American ppl wanted for the direction of the Supreme Cour…
 Maintaining Freedom in America During Coronavirus Madness
 (1/2) I look forward to considering and voting on nominee to fill the Supreme Court vacancy before th…
 My statement on Supreme Court nomination: 
Cuomo’s been calling daily, even hourly, begging for everything, most of which should have been the state’s responsibility, such as new hospitals, beds, ventilators, etc. I got it all done for him, and everyone else, and now he seems to want Independence! That won’t happen!
 Heads will explode. Trump up in Michigan.
 🇺🇸 🇲🇽 
..The people of Portland, like all other cities ;  parts of our great Country, want Law ; Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!
 If you want to see how good or bad a pollster is just go to Real Clear Politics and check their past predictions. Don't…
 and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!
This love of Country went all over. They hate Fake News, and so do I! 
 True. Full campaign mode!
  to guest host Our economy is going to take a short-term hit from the COVID-19 outbreak, but I do…
 If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid, the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance. This is b…
 Nancy Pelosi + Democrats have done nothing but obstruct since Day One—this is no different.Senate Republicans intend to do…
 Despite the Dem-led misinformation campaign, filling this SCOTUS seat follows historical Senate norms. There is a differe…
 We're at the point now where no pollster should be using registered voters.
 Here's the Trafalgar Group info on Trump's lead in Michigan:
 WATCH LIVE: First Presidential Debate  VOTE to 88022  
 This is the first time in human history have entered the from a commercially-made spacecraft.
If I were a Senator or Congressman, the first person I would call to testify about the biggest political crime and scandal in the history of the USA, by FAR, is former President Obama. He knew EVERYTHING. Do it just do it. No more Mr. Nice Guy. No more talk!
 Blaming anyone except the left-wing mobs, radical antifa and Marxists, and the feckless Dem leadership in cities allowing them…
GET RID OF BALLOT HARVESTING, IT IS RAMPANT WITH FRAUD. THE USA MUST HAVE VOTER I.D., THE ONLY WAY TO GET AN HONEST COUNT!
Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!
 Democrats don’t want you to see this.They’re scared that I’m exposing what life is like in Democrat run cities.That’…
....Obamacare is a joke! Deductible is far too high and the overall cost is ridiculous. My Administration has gone out of its way to manage OC much better than previous, but it is still no good. I will ALWAYS PROTECT PEOPLE WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS,ALWAYS!!!
Now that the very expensive, unpopular and unfair Individual Mandate provision has been terminated by us, many States ; the U.S. are asking the Supreme Court that Obamacare itself be terminated so that it can be replaced with a FAR BETTER AND MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE ALTERNATIVE.....
 At some point it would be nice if we talked about the fact that there appears to be a semi-professional class of people…
 6). According to Democracy Institute the Dems badly miscalculated on BLM:74% prefer all lives matter26% prefer black…
 Senate Democrats are wrong to smear Republicans for investigating the truth about Hunter Biden and Ukraine.But we shouldn…
 Huge thank you to and America for making this possible! 
I am proud to announce the first $500M of $3.9B in CARES Act transit funding headed to the NY Metropolitan Transportation Authority. Important funding to keep transit systems clean and operating to get people back to work! Spend it wisely!
  to Neil: You have to be very concerned with your words and I'd expect much better from the Senate Minorit…
 4). Enthusiasm gap is huge.Very supportive Trump 82%Biden 40%
 Joe Biden in 2017 on President Trump's Supreme Court nominees:"In my view, [senators] are required to give the nominee…
 
 Don’t forget how the media said during last election that ISIS wanted Trump to win ; would strengthen if he became presiden…
 A lot of these videos have been shocking. I audibly gasped at this one.
Tell the Democrat Governors that “Mutiny On The Bounty” was one of my all time favorite movies. A good old fashioned mutiny every now and then is an exciting and invigorating thing to watch, especially when the mutineers need so much from the Captain. Too easy!
 I think that is a great compliment. Thank you James!
Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, ; then back to his  basement for an extended period...
 Colin Powell is a Neocon WMD hoaxer, so of course he's appearing at the  to endorse Establishment's puppet and…
 
 Falcon 9 booster has landed on the Of Course I Still Love You droneship! 
 Liftoff! 

 The HYPOCRISY is Unbelievable! 💥MUST WATCH ; !!!! 👇🏼 
 hysteria will ruin the US.
 Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Vi…
 Liberal groups, rioting in liberal cities, with liberal mayors, and liberal city councils, promoting radical liberal causes,…
THANK YOU!  
 In Germany, Denmark, Norway,  Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it wo…
Rest In Peace Jay! 
....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!
 Must be nice to have the MSM for a rapid response team.No mention of Biden failing to call on Wheeler to allow feder…
When Joe Biden was VP...
My Administration is committed to protecting the Homeland from the scourge of narco-terrorists and traffickers seeking to destabilize the United States and our Hemisphere. Our military deployments in the Caribbean ; Eastern Pacific will endure until these threats are neutralized! 
 President Trump arrives in Guilford, Maine!  
 Coronavirus or no coronavirus Preident hands down should be re-elected based…
 3) There is no---ZERO---drop off in Trump support from 2016. There is 95% GOP support.4) This means…
 1)  A nugget about the Trafalgar Michigan poll that has Trump up 46.6 to 45.2 over Biden.Before the Dem Convention Tru…
 3) To me the big news is that Trump was up 2.7% in Michigan right before the Dem Convention. After the coming Trump bump…
 WOW. President Trump's support among black voters rose 9 points during the GOP convention.
 2). Democracy Institute Poll:FloridaTrump 47Biden 44Minnesota Trump 48Biden 45New HampshireTrump 47Biden 43
 Where is the justice for Andy Ngo? Antifa has been carrying out violent attacks for a long time in Portland, long before the…
 Nine years later
 Live webcast of Crew Dragon’s test flight with astronauts and →   
 Docking confirmed – Crew Dragon has arrived at the 
 Crew Dragon has separated from Falcon 9’s second stage and is on its way to the International Space Station with
 5 mins to T-0
 Democrats want OPEN BORDERS! 
 
 Concerning presidential debates, which option has more risk for Joe Biden? (i.e. which option could hurt Biden more?)
 1). BREAKING: Democracy Institute shows Trump up nationally and in battlegrounds:National Popular Vote:Trump 48Biden…
 pay attention we got it right ‘16 and ‘18. And we show it tightening
 
 President Trump in one week:Middle East peace agreements and  football
 Democrats are trying to win this election, after the election. 
White House news conference today at 5:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
For the 1/100th time, the reason we show so many Cases, compared to other countries that haven’t done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better. We have tested 40,000,000 people. If we did 20,000,000 instead, Cases would be half, etc. NOT REPOED!
When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs ; Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN ; Crime Infested Democrat Cities ; States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!
 A CNN Faker!
 
 This morning, President was joined by and more as he signed a proclamation in honor o…
  holds a bible up outside the Historic St. John’s Church that was damaged during a night of unrest near…
 President talks supply chains—and why they should be completely in the United States! 
 President "Every other President let China do whatever they wanted." 
 Better be  he means what he said, then he should fight with usJoe Biden is a death sentence for US A…
 It's time to bring back the greatest economy in history. 
 3). DI poll:Electoral ProjectionTrump 319Biden 219
 The public option championed by Joe Biden will kill the private insurance plans held by millions of Americans, a fact tha…
 Looks like James Comey and Hillary Clinton aren’t the only people who should be in jail.
 President is halting funding of the World Health Organization while a review is conducted to assess WHO's…

PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
 President “Under the Trump Administration, if you cross our border illegally, you are quickly apprehended…
People are tired of watching the highly political Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!
 President Here in Yuma, Arizona, we've invested over $1.7 billion and poured 180,000 cubic yards of concre…
 Great reminder from “Every American has a role to play in defending our nation… Stay at home and sav…
 President Joe Biden allowed illegal migration and crime to pour through our borders unchecked for decades…
 President Socialism is the mainstream of the Biden campaign, but "we will never have a socialist country!"…
 "Democrats and Republicans in Congress are finding common ground and joining with President in a bipartisan…
Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus!

  ; board Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews, Md. for a trip to Florida to watch the viewing of…
On my way to PENNSYLVANIA! 
 I stand by what I said in Jan. 2019: Harry Reid ; Chuck Schumer changed Senate rules to try and stack the courts for O…
“The Art of an Oil Deal” 
“We know what took place. We have already seen criminality. What is happening? Biggest political scandal of our time.” You are 100% correct, Maria, it is a disgrace that nothing happens. Obama and Biden spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...BUT NOTHING!
 Yesterday, President spoke with 12,000 small businesses—the economic engine of our country.The Trump Adm…
 We encourage every American to listen to their state and local authorities and follow President Coronavi…

 President signed legislation providing American workers with paid sick leave and paid family medical leave…
 FactCheck..org: “Joe Biden was wrong when he said that the Trump administration made no effort to get U.S. medical expert…
 Chairman to Committee Democrats: “After the Treatment of Justice Kavanaugh I Now Have a Different View o…
  walks from the White House to the Historic St. John’s Church that was damaged during a night of unrest.…
 Thank you for your BOLD leadership during the  crisis, AND for protecting all Americans - patie…
 President “Joe Biden is the puppet of a Radical Left wing movement that seeks the complete elimination of…
 As America celebrates the 100th anniversary of the 19th Amendment—also known as the Susan B. Anthony Amendment—President
Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does! 
PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT!

We catch them all! 
The Supreme Court sends case back to Lower Court, arguments to continue. This is all a political prosecution. I won the Mueller Witch Hunt, and others, and now I have to keep fighting in a politically corrupt New York. Not fair to this Presidency or Administration!
 The world needs to unite around the central idea that the Islamic Republic of Iran is the greatest threat, and when that reg…
 US could see lowest gas prices on record: Analyst 
 We welcome the UK, Germany, and France's rejection of China's unlawful maritime claims in the South China Sea at the United…
 Plant workers and officials look on as  makes remarks at the Ford Rawsonville Components Plant in Ypsila…
  ; participate in a Memorial Day Ceremony at Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine,…

On my way, see you soon! 
 The month of July has brought blowout numbers for New Residential Construction. Housing Starts surged 22.6% which is 23.4%…
It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!
  to tell Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi to STOP blocking critical funding for small businesses. The Paycheck Protection Pr…
Courts in the past have given “broad deference”. BUT NOT ME!
 Has political correctness killed free speech on college campuses? 
Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!
  Mnuchin on the Fed and Trump's efforts to protect the US economy 
 Former Ford CEO: Auto industry in 'much stronger position' than 2008 recession 
 The derecho is "basically a 40-mile-wide tornado that went through the state of Iowa," Kim Reynolds explained—l…

Great! 
 FEMA is sending 83,400 testing swabs and 55,660 media tubes to the Commonwealth of PA. Thank you and…
Our GREAT Senator from South Carolina, just released a fantastic new book, “OPPOUNITY KNOCKS: How Hard Work, Community, and Business Can Improve Lives and End Poverty.” Get your copy today! 

Can’t let this happen! 
 It’s been said that 90% of life is showing up because when you show up, people know that you care. Thank you
 President has DELIVERED for Arizona!✅ Over 580K N-95 masks✅ 670K surgical ; procedural masks✅ 660K eye ;…
 Senator We must allow kids to get back to school 
Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good (great!) for everyone - Players, Fans, Country. On the one yard line!
....Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a  delay ruling that they would never have given...
....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!

 STATES THAT HAVE ISSUED A ‘STAY AT HOME ORDER’- CALIFORNIA - NEW YORK- ILLINOIS - PENNSYLVANIA - CONNECTICUT - OREG…
 
 Hard at work in  Sailors provide care for trauma, emergency, and urgent care patients without regard to their 
We are! 
 Senator to President "We thank you." 
 President just signed his ABSENTEE BALLOT!This is very different than universal mail-in ballots, which wo…
 Great story! 
We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAIGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear....

Just landed in Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! 
 Biden and Bernie are "both heading toward the socialist cliff, just in different vehicles. Bernie’s is a red Ferrari, wh…
 Tomorrow join us    10am et   peter Navarro  

 donate blue if you like this! 
My condolences to the Steinbrenner family, and the entire Organization, on the passing of Hank Steinbrenner. He was a friend and will be missed greatly by all! 





 The rioters aren’t listening, they have no respect, and they aren’t slowing down on their own. These are criminals and ma…
I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader.
 Kentucky’s state motto is “United we stand, divided we fall.” I’m inspired by all the Kentuckians who are stepping up to…
 More Americans are being laid off every day. More small businesses are being forced to shed payroll every day. Our nurses…
 The past two days of intense bipartisan talks are very close to a resolution. An update on the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, ;…
Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, ; 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete ; Total Endorsement! 

 OBAMAGATE!
....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPOS on Comey ; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama ; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything....
 Great question from an Air Force Veteran. If you hate war, you can’t agree with Biden’s decades of support for intervention a…
We are having very productive calls with the leaders of every sector of the economy who are all-in on getting America back to work, and soon. More to come! 
Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!
 Strong words by to fill the breach of Mayors/Govs who need to do more to restore order. Peaceful prote…
 Today is the 2nd anniversary of the opening of the US Embassy in Jerusalem. Pls enjoy this video which captures some of th…
....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!


 Laid-off workers cannot wait. Struggling Main Street businesses cannot wait. Our hospitals and health centers cannot wait…
 Senate Republicans’ CARES Act would continue to push resources to the front lines of the medical battle against this viru…
 Small businesses, working families, and medical responders across this country have made it clear: They need help now.…

 LIVE: President participates in a roundtable 
Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
White House news conference today at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
 "My Administration coordinated with the state and local authorities to very, very swiftly deploy the National Guard, surge…
...Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given...



....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPOS on Comey ; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama ; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything....
We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear....
 It's our job to step in and help people through this global pandemic. 
 The CARES Act would deliver direct financial help. Senate Republicans want to put cash in Americans’ hands. No tangled…
 Our Senate proposal would provide the quickest possible access to desperately-needed liquidity for small businesses acros…
 President is participating in a community safety roundtable in Kenosha, Wisconsin."We're here to show ou…
The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!
 “Twitter Censors President Trump But Not Communist China? Something Doesn’t Add Up” 


 Today, we lost an American Hero: Husband, Father, Son, Medal of Honor Recipient - Special Agent Ronald J. Shurer II. Fro…
 Does he even know what is happening? 

 We are using every available authority to accelerate the development, study, and delivery of therapies. 
 To date, more than 3.3 million Coronavirus tests have been completed and 48 different tests have been authorized. 
Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 

I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA.
 Senate Republicans’ proposal, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, will get cash assistance in the han…
 Senate Republicans and have a common goal: to get relief to American workers, families, ; small businesses as rapi…
 Apple doesn't fall far from the tree. "Son of Minnesota’s attorney general: 'I hereby declare, officially, my support…
 I look forward to every "fact checker" in the media giving 4 big Pinocchios for this whopper of a lie that he calle…
 OBAMAGATE!
 American workers are the best in the world! 🇺🇸 
 "We thank God for the courage of those on the front lines." 
 “The complaint, unsealed today, alleges that on June 22, 2020, the four men along with other unidentified individuals, d…
POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
 President is committed to helping Kenosha rebuild.We will provide $1 million to Kenosha law enforcement,…
 The Federal government has ordered and shipped hundreds of millions of PPE items around the country. 
 In 11 days, sourced materials, transformed a manufacturing facility, and trained a workforce to build lifesaving ventil…
Drudge didn’t support me in 2016, and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other party’s “candidate”. 
She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 
Ford, General Motors and Tesla are being given the go ahead to make ventilators and other metal products, FAST!  Go for it auto execs, lets see how good you are?
 NEVER FORGET that Joe Biden’s team is helping bailout people arrested during these riots.
Great work On behalf of the American People, THANK YOU!  
 "The executive order I will sign in a few moments will expand our efforts across all of federal government to deliver educa…


 NEW: Colorado GOP Sen. Cory Gardner announces he will vote to confirm Pres. Trump's Supreme Court nominee. 
 Republican Senator Chuck Grassley says he supports voting on Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, adding to the GOP tally 
 Poll “Gives President Trump a 52% Approval Rating in North Carolina, and a seven point lead over (Sleepy) Joe Biden. The President also helps other Republican Candidates, including who has a 4% lead over his Democrat rival.”
True! 
Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 

 “I stand before you as a friend ; ally to every American seeking justice and peace. And I stand before you in firm opposi…
 "Biden staff donate to group that pays bail in riot-torn Minneapolis" 
 Intel chief releases info on ‘unmasking’ of Flynn to Capitol Hill  via
At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding. I will always stand with Michigan!
 Laura Loomer Delivers Stunning Primary Victory in Trump’s Voting District 
Thank you to Fred Smith and for the rapid emergency deliveries you are making all over our Nation. Keep it going!
Crazy “Nancy Pelosi, you are a weak person. You are a poor leader. You are the reason America hates career politicians, like yourself.” She is totally incompetent ; controlled by the Radical Left, a weak and pathetic puppet. Come back to Washington and do your job!
Not even a “minor” one. Thank you! 
 The President of the United States has just walked from the White House to St John’s Church where riot…
 WATCH: Team Trump Online with and  TRUMP to 88022 
 The Flynn case shows how Washington elites lost faith in the American system they administer and debased its institutions…

 Laura Loomer (R) has outcampaigned her primary opponents and claimed victory in Florida’s 21st Congressional District. h…
Working very well with States and our Nation’s Governors. 
 Congratulations to Laura Loomer on her primary win!  Now Twitter should re-instate her account. 

 WATCH: Rush Limbaugh encourages Senate to skip hearings for Trump's Supreme Court nominee  
...Nobody’s been tougher on Russia than the Trump Administration. With Corrupt Joe Biden ; Obama, Russia had a field day, taking over important parts of Ukraine - Where’s Hunter? Probably just another phony Times hit job, just like their failed Russia Hoax. Who is their “source”?
Nobody briefed or told me, Pence, or Chief of Staff about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians, as reported through an “anonymous source” by the Fake News Everybody is denying it ; there have not been many attacks on us.....
Democrats are blocking additional funding for the popular Paycheck Protection Program. They are killing American small businesses. Stop playing politics Dems! Support Refilling PPP NOW – it is out of funds!
There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS! 

 So awesome to see Florida businesses stepping up to help our neighbors like this. This is the strong spirit of commu…
  to thank those who are keeping the shelves stocked and the deliveries coming. → Truck drivers→ Postal workers→ Superma…
Thank you to the great people of The Villages. The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats will Fall in the Fall. Corrupt Joe is shot. See you soon!!! 
Big win Matt! 
Fake News. Couldn’t hear them during speech! 
 Coronavirus Response ; Ventilators: Trump Administration Handled Potential Shortage Deftly | National Review 

Major News Conference tonight, the White House at 6:00 P.M. (Eastern), to explain Guidelines for OPENING UP AMERICA AGAIN!
 History Made!  Jared and NSA O’Brien on the 1st commercial flight ever between Israel and the United Arab  Emirates!…
Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller
 Governor of Illinois, and a very small group of certain other Governors, together with Fake News ; Concast (MSDNC), shouldn’t be blaming the Federal Government for their own shortcomings. We are there to back you up should you fail, and always will be!
 MY President 🇺🇸 knows that what our country needs right now is God 🙏🏼✝️
 This is a flat out lie.The President spoke at length about George Floyd, the protests, and the rioting in nationally tel…
 The desecration of St. John’s church by an angry mob was an act of cowardice. President Trump standing before it and hol…
 He had 8 years to do it when he was vice president
Funny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia, which was obviously written by his handlers. Russia ate his and Obama’s lunch during their time in office, so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8. U.S. was weak on everything, but especially Russia!
 Clapper gets asked a hard question and what’s he do?  He goes AWOL...
President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96%. Thank You!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi deleted this from her Twitter account. She wanted everyone to pack into Chinatown long after I closed the BORDER TO CHINA. Based on her statement, she is responsible for many deaths. She’s an incompetent, third-rate politician! 
 Pathetic opinion by DC Circuit Ct of Appeals. Dem majority not want to embarrass Judge Sullivan so ignored law a…
 You will hear a non-stop barrage of lies from the mainstream media today in the wake of Biden's disastrous appearance a…
Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH ; VA.Early voting is now underway in MN, MI ; VA.FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.Apply for yours in FL today:  
The hard working men and women of are working overtime to maintain our supply chain and deliver medical supplies to those in need. Your work is critical to the health of our nation, keep it up!
 No. No he isn’t.He is protecting Americans. He is protecting America.President is putting America fi…
 This is an incredibly important moment as the President deliver remarks to the American people and walk…
 We got no response from the campaign today when we asked them for an explanation of the then Vice President’s re…
 Which side ignored this story? Hmmm. Trump signs executive order expanding educational and economic opportunities to Hi…
Corrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he “would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants”. This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA.
 If you support President Trump then i support you. All Patriots matter! 
 Raise your hand if you'll be voting straight Republican in 77 days like me!
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Thank you Mark! 
 BREAKING: The narrative that Moscow deployed Russian bots to spread Internet disinformation in support of vulnerable GOP c…
Will be having a News Conference from our beautiful White House at 5:00 P.M. Many things to discuss. Thank you!
 This is on Dr. Fauci's own NIH website:Breakthrough: Chloroquine phosphate has shown apparent efficacy in treatment of C…
The great has a very important new book coming out shortly. “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course Of History Forever”, looks like it will be a big bestseller. Make it Number 1 for Lou. Pre-Order now at   A great honor, Lou!
 Extremely important study from Revolver News showing lockdowns more deadly than COVID itself.No wonder people are fleeing d…
Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments, Statues etc., with many people being arrested all over our Country, the Vandalism has completely stopped. Thank you!
 On the  our  in for     🇺🇸🇺🇸 
David Richter  will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and  David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 

Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compared to In School, or On Campus, Learning. Not even close! Schools must be open in the Fall. If not open, why would the Federal Government give Funding? It won’t!!!
 EXCLUSIVE: used shuttered San Fran hair salon for blow-out, owner calls it 'slap in the face'In securit…
Have a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church. The wonderful Pastor will be joined by our GREAT Mike Pence!
Attorney General is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric! 
 “Healing not hatred, justice not chaos” —
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 "These are not acts of peaceful protest. These are acts of domestic terror."President 🇺🇸
 “By far, our greatest days lie ahead.” President 🇺🇸
 Powerful words from tonight making it clear all Americans are going to be protected.This is what we…
 Martha MacCallum:  walking through this area...retaking this territory where we saw such extraordinary…
 BREAKING: Top Clinton Campaign Officials Podesta and Sullivan Secretly Joined Forces With Fusion GPS After The Election --…
 Joe Biden will leave his comfy patio with hanging plants for a photoshoot, yet won’t travel to the Democratic Convention ; ac…
Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!
THANK GOD FOR TRUCKERS! 
 A picture speaks 1000 words  
The Fake News @ nytimes must reveal its “anonymous” source. Bet they can’t do it, this “person” probably does not even exist! 
THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 

 “As long as I am your president, you can feel confident that you have a leader who will always fight for you...and I will no…
Governor is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike! 
 So Twitter partners with the  media to censor but they leave ; Communist Chinese propagan…
  Jordan Requests Pompeo Turn Over Explosive Docs Exposing Alleged 'Whistleblower' And Hunter Biden 
Get it done or the Federal Government will come in and get it done for you! 
 This patriot is definitely tired of being silent 👇🏼
....in January and February, as the Virus spread globally? Why did the W.H.O. wait as long as it did to take decisive action? Lanhee Chen, Hoover Institution Fellow
 President is right. We need law and order to stop the violent destruction of people’s livelihoods and…
 Available now! new book LIBERAL PRIVILEGE! Get your signed copy at 
 While you wasn’t paying attention!! It’s Justice Coming and the American Ppl sent Her!!!!! 
 I send deep love ; heartfelt condolence to the family of  We love you George ; hate how you died. God res…
Thanks. You are very cool! 
Congratulations to on the release of her new book, “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
 Ted Lieu is a friend and received donations from Ed Buck. The guy who was bringing in youn…
“Don’t throw the American story into the river, don’t throw it into the lake. Be proud of it.”
....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so with Mail-Ins. Rigged Election!!! 20% fraudulent ballots?
Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election results could be delayed for months. No more big election night answers? 1% not even counted in 2016. Ridiculous! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election....
 President gave an update on the medical equipment and supplies being moved from our federal stockpile to t…
  FEMA is providing critical support to the Coronavirus response efforts of state, local, and tribal governments…
 Thank you to the American people who are responding to President 15 Days to Slow the Spread Guidelines a…
 Why Are These Democrats Talking About The Economy When They Know The Corona Virus Shut Down Caused The High Unemployme…
Why did the W.H.O. Ignore an email from Taiwanese health officials in late December alerting them to the possibility that CoronaVirus could be transmitted between humans? Why did the W.H.O. make several claims about the CoronaVirus that ere either inaccurate or misleading....
 Today, President Trump has answered dozens of questions from reporters. The Biden campaign started the morning by cal…
 The Biden campaign called a lid at 9am.In political industry speak, that means no activities, interviews, announcements…
 My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I…
Thank you. My great honor! 
Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
On my way to U.S. Southern Command  in the Great State of Florida! 
Congratulations to on the release of his new book, “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL!!! We will win this Election big. Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country, and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person!
IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!
 President "We're enduring a great national trial, and we will prove that we can meet the moment ... No Am…
The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists! 
 TONIGHT the newest episode of "What Made America Great" premieres at 10pm ET on Channel! I visited the White House t…
Today people started losing their jobs because of Crazy Nancy Pelosi, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, who should immediately come back to Washington and approve legislation to help families in America. End your ENDLESS VACATION!
 WATCH – Dems Set To Reject Election Day Results, Kassam Explains 
 WARNING: Democrat Data Firm Admits ‘Incredible’ Trump Landslide Will Be Flipped By Mail-In Votes Emerging A Week After El…
With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!
 After delivering remarks in the Rose Garden, President walked to St. John's Episcopal Church. 
 Democrats lose House seat in California special election  
 Uh oh, wouldn’t want the Commies in blue states to see us Floridians all out at bars having a good time with no face masks…
...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you don’t, there’s nothing in it for you!
... and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated, not Indoctrinated!
Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status...
A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business...
My friend (always there when I’ve needed him!), Senator was just tested “positive” from the Chinese Virus. That is not good! He is strong and will get better. Just spoke to him and he was in good spirits.
LIBERATE MINNESOTA!
On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon!  
Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!).
  President base is still very highly motivated. I think he will win in November, but the…
 This is 🇺🇸 ; tonight a show of STRENGTH. We discuss   message/gesture tonight.   
 This is a ray of sunshine on a cloudy year.... 
 
 Sen. Rand Paul: "Biden accessed the identity and the private conversation of a political opponent. There is no more clear viol…
 We will always prevail. God Bless America!
I watch and listen to the Fake News, CNN, MSDNC, ABC, NBC, CBS, some of FOX (desperately ; foolishly pleading to be politically correct), the ; the and all I see is hatred of me at any cost. Don’t they understand that they are destroying themselves?
 
Kenosha, Wisconsin, we’re with you all the way! 

 President delivers a powerful speech on LAW ; ORDER in the United States of America! 
 President holds his bible up in front of St. John's church in Washington D.C., which was burned by thugs la…
WE CANNOT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE PROBLEM ITSELF. AT THE END OF THE 15 DAY PERIOD, WE WILL MAKE A DECISION AS TO WHICH WAY WE WANT TO GO!
 People who hate will criticize his walk to St. John’s..People who love will be in awe of it..w…
 "Obamagate is not a conspiracy theory"Obama, Biden, CIA director Brennan, intelligence chief Clapper, attorney general…
Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday ; Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands!
 LIVE: President receives a briefing at 
LIBERATE MICHIGAN!
 “THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE!”President 
 President Trump in Wisconsin today!  
With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend, we are forced to reschedule our Portsmouth, New Hampshire Rally at the Portsmouth International Airport at Pease. Stay safe, we will be there soon! 
Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!
 
Mike Pence was never put on standby, ; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... 
LIBERATE VIRGINIA, and save your great 2nd Amendment. It is under siege!

We will be guided by the wishes of Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a great friend of the United States and a man who has done a magnificent job on the Olympic Venue, as to attending the Olympic Games in Japan. He will make the proper decision!
 This is about you, the people of Michigan. This is the greatest country in the world, because of people like you, not poli…
Thank you to all of my great Keyboard Warriors. You are better, and far more brilliant, than anyone on Madison Avenue (Ad Agencies). There is nobody like you!

D.C. had no problems last night. Many arrests. Great job done by all. Overwhelming force. Domination. Likewise, Minneapolis was great (thank you President Trump!).
Where is the 302? It is missing. Was it stolen or destroyed? General Flynn is being persecuted! 
 Tucker Carlson's laughter as he just exposed Chris Cuomo is the best thing on television this week.
....testing that you should be doing. We have given New York far more money, help and equipment than any other state, by far, ; these great men ; women who did the job never hear you say thanks. Your numbers are not good. Less talk and more action!
Governor Cuomo should spend more time “doing” and less time “complaining”. Get out there and get the job done. Stop talking! We built you thousands of hospital beds that you didn’t need or use, gave large numbers of Ventilators that you should have had, and helped you with....
 CNN finally has a bombshell news story, but it's sexual harassment allegations against Chris Cuomo. And Tucker Carls…
 
 This Administration is committed to dismantling the criminal cartels that have been responsible for the deaths of thousands…
 President Trump is at for an update on efforts to combat the flow of illegal drugs across the Western Hemisphere.…
Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!
 Exactly. Governors and local officials should let people out of their homes before they let criminals out o…


I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania ; China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS!  

Will Fredo be fired by Fake News He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! 
 “I’m proud to say the efforts are making a difference, Mr. President, ; they’re saving lives.” Adm. Craig Faller…
 15 days. Then we isolate the high risk groups and the rest of us get back to work before it’s all…
 Thank you President Trump!
 “We’ve had 15% more disruptions -- that’s detainees, that’s drugs off the street… 122 metric tons.” Adm. Craig F…
 The fear of the virus cannot collapse our economy that President Trump has built up.  We The People a…
Biden/Obama were a disaster in handling the H1N1 Swine Flu. Polling at the time showed disastrous approval numbers. 17,000 people died unnecessarily and through incompetence! Also, don’t forget their 5 Billion Dollar Obamacare website that should have cost close to nothing!
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 “Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA WEALTHY AGAIN...WE WILL MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN...WE WILL MAKE AMERICA PROUD AGAIN...…
Congresswoman Jackie Walorski  is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesses, the Economy, and our incredible Military and Vets! Jackie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman Andy Harris  is a tremendous advocate for Maryland! A highly respected physician, Andy fights for the Second Amendment, Border Security and our incredible Farmers. Andy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 Biden Campaign Responds to NSA ‘Unmasking’ List by Personally Attacking Journalist 
GREAT! 
“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster” 
Like Fredo at Fake News the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! 
 Flatten the curve NOT the Economy
Robert, we will end up stronger than ever before. Thank you! 
I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 
Senator Mike Rounds  continues to deliver for South Dakota! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers and he is strong on Trade, Military, our Vets, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
It’s about time! 
....spews lies. report was incorrect, which they couldn’t care less about. Fake News! I don’t know this guy, never met him, but don’t like what I see. How can a creep like this show up to work tomorrow ; report to his boss, after trashing him on T.V.?....
China has just announced a doubling in the number of their deaths from the Invisible Enemy. It is far higher than that and far higher than the U.S., not even close!
 

 While Joe Biden condones the destruction of our countries monuments, is holding those accountable for t…
Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 
Congressman Mike Simpson  is a tremendous champion for Idaho! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers, and he strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Congressman Russ Fulcher  is an incredible Representative for the people of Idaho! He fully supports the Border Wall, Life, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Russ has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 Who told President Obama?
 So we are all basically on house arrest but they are letting the prisoners out? Sounds like a brilliant idea.
I LOVE
The States have to step up their TESTING!

With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!  
 Every child deserves a forever family, and President is championing their cause.His decisive action prot…
 BREAKING:  POTUS commutes Roger Stone's sentence.  From WH:  "Roger Stone has already suffered greatly.  He was treated…
Cuomo ridiculously wanted “40 thousand Ventilators”. We gave him a small fraction of that number, and it was plenty. State should have had them in stockpile!
 President Trump calls for 'patriotic education' in schools: 'Left's war on police, faith, history, and American values is tea…
“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under de Blasio and the State under - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.”
Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy!  
 My new film TRUMP CARD is out October 9. My best one yet! On Apple iTunes, Google, Amazon Prime, Dish and other platfor…
 Correct. 15 days, then we keep the high risk groups protected as necessary and the rest of us go back to w…
Congressman Dusty Johnson  is a phenomenal advocate for the people of South Dakota! He helped us deliver USMCA for our Farmers, and he is strong on the Border and our Second Amendment. Dusty has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 
 “Dollar for dollar, New Hampshire is the best investment the Trump campaign can make.” -- 
“Joe Biden, a little out of it, let’s face it, so he is the perfect vessel, an empty vessel, to transform the Country.”  “Destroying your dreams and ending your life.”  Ned Ryan
 They should take a SERIOUS LOOK at this... 👇🏻
See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
  just introduced a resolution condemning Democrats’ calls to pack  
 What a way to open up HQ this morning!Thank you ; for firing up o…
 So glad to be with and the Team at the Manchester Office Opening 🎉 this mornin…
 “There are only a few real battleground states in the country. New Hampshire is one of those, and it's a place where we k…
White House news conference today at 6:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
 Joe Biden has multiple homes, access to private planes, domestic staff. Now we know how he managed to afford all that aft…
Chris Jacobs  will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23!  
Thank you to for covering, supremely, the greatest political scandal in the history of the United States, OBAMAGATE. Fake News and Concast’s own MSDNC are only trying to make their 3 year Con Job just go away. They are embarrassed and don’t know what to do....
HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!
This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Great book! 
Yesterday was a bad day for the Cuomo Brothers. New York was lost to the looters, thugs, Radical Left, and all others forms of Lowlife ; Scum. The Governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating National Guard. NYC was ripped to pieces. Likewise, Fredo’s ratings are down 50%!
....Likewise, the and are a disgrace to journalism. They are all Fake News, and they know it better than anyone else. History is unfolding, and it is not a pretty picture for “journalism”.
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 We are in the middle of an international pandemic and the Democrats’ lead candidate has literally disappeared from the…
 Trump campaign opens field office in Manchester 
 Watch: Fox News’ compares Joe Biden to an erratic driver: “Just along for the ride: No sense of direction... w…
WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?
 Saw Trump Card last night.It's a MUST see.Great work Dinesh and
The Dems want to Defund and Abolish the Police. Not good! 
Congratulations to on a big night, as usual! 
 'Reliable Sources' host blames 'radicalization' in the U.S. that has led to 'media bashing that is absolutely unprecedented'…
 Thank you for all you do for America's farmers and ranchers.
 Surprise!  Destruction of the economy leads to less traffic and pollution.
 WHO Spread False Chinese Government Propaganda: Coronavirus Not Contagious Among Humans  

I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars ; the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!
BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???
Congressman Greg Pence  is doing a phenomenal job for Indiana. His brother, our great Vice President Mike Pence, and I need Greg to help us keep our Country SAFE and fight for our  agenda. Greg has my Complete ; Total Endorsement!  
Congressman Jim Banks  is a fighter for Indiana! A highly respected Navy Officer, Jim works hard for our Vets and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment and our Border Wall! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
I am proud to announce that will receive $1.4B in CARES Act funding to assist in their continued operations and to keep people moving in the NY/NJ area! The LARGEST single Federal transit grant to New Jersey Transit ever. Together, we will prevail!
 The “big guy” splitting the loot with bag man Hunter Biden was indeed his father Joe!  
 Yesterday, we unveiled the Guidelines for Opening Up America Again! 🇺🇸  
Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! 
 President and Secretary give sore losers a bad name.  
 Judicial Watch has filed an official complaint with the Office of Congressional Ethics about Rep. Ilhan Omar potential v…
Vaccines are coming along really well. Likewise therapeutics. Moving faster than anticipated. Good news ahead (in many ways)!
Chicago’s has big federal resources heading its way to keep the transit system operational and to keep people moving where they need to go. $817M will aid in the economic recovery — buy Made in the USA!
Corrupt Joe Biden’s team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what they are saying, ; very much like their Fake News partners!
 Back in 2014 while the  was rounding up student protestors for torture ; extrajudicial detention the Obama/Bid…
 NEVER FORGET -- While Joe Biden was giving Hunter a ride to China on Air Force Two to close a $1.5 billion deal with…
The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! 
Republicans, get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on November 3rd. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 LIVE: POTUS Delivers Remarks on Vaccine Development 
Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. must move quickly! 
 Good!!! Dept of Justice charged four people who attempted to destroy a national monument? Domestic Terrorism should nev…
Absentee Ballots are fine. A person has to go through a process to get and use them. Mail-In Voting, on the other hand, will lead to the most corrupt Election is USA history. Bad things happen with Mail-Ins. Just look at Special Election in Patterson, N.J. 19% of Ballots a FRAUD!
 AG Sec Sonny Purdue:- Ag Relief Program is in 2 parts1) $16 bill in direct payments2) USDA will purchase $3 Bill in food…
  White House Daily  Briefing 4/17/20- Treasury has sent relief checks to over 80 mill Americans - 
 When I began to demand sanctions on  back in 2014 the Obama/Biden administration fought me every step of the w…
 President Trump and NY Governor Cuomo are demonstrating to the nation how to work together--and leave the politics asi…
John, thank you. Such a great honor! 
 The Obama Years:  ➡️ Pathetically weak foreign policy (ISIS, Iran nuclear deal).➡️ Slow-growth, weak economy.➡️ A…
 Trumps Wants Schools To Reopen, And Teachers Unions Are Pushing Back. What Do Parents Want? 
 LOL. The unhinged mob wanted to cancel Tucker Carlson, but it's Chris Cuomo who might be done.
 Democrats are blocking more funding for  that signed into law.1.7M 
 The partisan media has spread false information about America's testing capacity!President isn't afraid t…
 President “The ultimate victory in this war will be made possible by America’s scientific brilliance.” htt…
 Great news from far, the Treasury Department has sent 80 million Americans economic relief payment…
 ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE. It's never been more clear...
 NEWS! Johnson ; Johnson Begins Final-Stage Testing of SINGLE-SHOT Covid-19 Vaccine. The 4th Phase III trial for a Covid…
 Johnson ; Johnson is beginning a huge final-stage study to try to prove if a single-dose COVID-19 vaccine can protect against the v…
 This is going to be a consequential election for the future of the United States. We're faced with a very clear choice…
My great honor!!! 
NYC, CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. The lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart. Act fast! Don’t make the same horrible and deadly mistake you made with the Nursing Homes!!!
 Operation Warp Speed is "a massive scientific, industrial, and logistical endeavor unlike anything our country has seen sin…
 Unclean voter rolls + significantly relaxed signature requirements + very lax ballot harvesting rules = a “Wild Wild West”…
 Michael Cohen and Chris Cuomo have both spent four years trying to screw President Trump--but only ended up screwing t…
 Sen. Mitch McConnell is losing patience with Democrats (and Pelosi!) on the CARES Act, blaming them for "fiddling with the…
Intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible, and therefore did not report it to me or Possibly another fabricated Russia Hoax, maybe by the Fake News wanting to make Republicans look bad!!! 
 Rep. Matt Gaetz: Bloomberg may face criminal probe for paying felons' fines  
SILENT MAJORITY!
 Recent data "made me feel even more confident" that a vaccine will be available by the end of 2020, Dr. Moncef Slaoui says.…
 JUST IN: Johnson ; Johnson starts testing coronavirus vaccine, which requires only one dose, on 60,000 volunteers.
Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me! 
 ‘I’m Not Apologizing’: Goya Foods CEO Refuses To Apologize For Pro-Trump Remarks 
 President Economic relief payments have been sent out to over 80 million Americans!If you haven’t got yo…
They are Fake News Losers! 
 Tucker Carlson says CNN's Chris Cuomo was accused of sexual harassment 
It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!
 Meet Phony Kamala Harris, Joe Biden’s new liberal handler.She supports:Bernie's socialist healthcare schemeBanning p…
White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!
 A couple pointed guns at protesters in St. Louis as a group marched toward the mayor's home to demand her resignation. 
 Facts:California’s Motor Voter law resulted in AT LEAST 1,500 people, including non-citizens, being registered to vote…
Great book. Get it and support Charlie! 
New York City put on an 11:00 P.M. CURFEW last night. No wonder they ripped the place apart. Should be 7:00 P.M. CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. 
Today I was presented with the brand new flag in the Oval Office. I will take Great Pride in displaying it at the 
 Senator Rand Paul has tested positive for COVID-19. He is feeling fine and is in quarantine. He is asymptomatic and was teste…
 Chinese communist regime still claims only a couple of hundred people died in Tiananmen Square massacre. Why would any…
 When Joe Biden eventually comes out of hiding, he needs to start answering questions about the deals that enriched his…
 Elusive Government Memo Shows FBI Did Not Think Michael Flynn Intentionally Lied 
I am proud to announce that the United States will donate ventilators to our friends in India. We stand with India and during this pandemic. We’re also cooperating on vaccine development. Together we will beat the invisible enemy!
Bay of Pigs Veterans ; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!
Cut him off now! 
 Mike Pence was never put on standby, ; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by a phony story.…
Great new book out today by — get your copy today! 
 Corrupt Joe Biden’s team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what t…
 Legendary Notre Dame Football Coach Lou Holtz Defends ‘Fighting Irish’, Says Name Originated When ND Fought The KKK 
 ‘Offensive Nonsense’: Josh Hawley Demands Answers From NBA Over Relationship With China 
They would own our Country! 
 MSNBC at Coronavirus presser: You were not prepared in beginning of outbreak of virus. Trump: In the beginning when I halted…
Such a wonderful reception yesterday in Pennsylvania. Thank you!  
Rigged Election? 
 ⚠️ THREAD: President took decisive action from the beginning to protect Americans from the Chinese coron…
Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules ; Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!
 In January, The WHO tweeted that China found no evidence of human-to-human transmission of COVID-19This was a Chinese…
Lamestream Media is only getting worse! 
 The Fake News @ nytimes must reveal its “anonymous” source. Bet they can’t do it, this “person” probably does not even…
 Absentee Ballots are fine. A person has to go through a process to get and use them. Mail-In Voting, on the other hand…
Decorated combat Vet has a great new book, Dare to Fly, which tells her story as the first American woman to fly a fighter jet in combat. She’s tough, tested, and true. A real fighter for Arizona. Get her book today at 
 FARRELL: Samantha Power’s Massive Unmasking Effort 
 President Obama is making it a habit of campaigning in Philly for losing Presidential candidates. 
Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!
 🚨New State Polling Alert🚨 New polls of Arizona and Florida show an oh-so-close race in the states between
 Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments, Statues etc., with many peop…
 President to NYPD officer who recovered from  “You’re my hero." 
....This whole Whistleblower racket needs to be looked at very closely, it is causing great injustice ; harm. I hope you are listening  I also hope that Shari Redstone will take a look at her poorly performing gang. She knows how to make things right!
 With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cen…
Thank you so much! 
...AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
 Did you know:Ilhan Omar's campaign is on track to pay her husband's consulting firm $1.16 MILLION in 2020Last year,…
 Breaking: White House warns Railroad Retirement Board that its Chinese investments pose national security risk | Just…
 Cotton says Trump is right to consider TikTok ban, argues it’s a ‘threat’ to privacy | Just The News 
 We truly have the best volunteers.Our grassroots army made a stunning 1.5 MILLION phone calls on Saturday alone.In a…

  signed the bipartisan Families First Coronavirus Response Act last night to support Americans affected by COVID-…
 Thank you for taking extraordinary measures to support American workers. You are a shining example of American…
 I love OANN! ❤🇺🇲But, Right Side Broadcasting Network on YouTube is also covering t…
 One week ago today, Democrats blocked a GOP-led increase in funding for small businessesToday, that funding ran out.…
 Democrats care more about appeasing China than the American people.
Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!
 Update after night three: no change
 MUST READ from  great American comeback is underway 
 DNC right now featuring a video package from domestic violence advocates Last night, a Dem senator who admitted to hitt…
My Admin has done more for the Black Community than any President since Abraham Lincoln. Passed Opportunity Zones with guaranteed funding for HBCU’s, School Choice, passed Criminal Justice Reform, lowest Black unemployment, poverty, and crime rates in history…
Congratulations to A.G. Barr. Law ; Order! 
 
 
 
Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 

 This is your daily reminder that Joe Biden flew his son to China on Air Force 2 to help him secure a $1.5 BILLION deal w…
Wow, big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media, and pick it up BIG! 
Macy’s at 34th. Street, long the largest single department store anywhere in the world, ; a point of pride in NYC, was devastated yesterday when hoodlums and thieves vandalized it, breaking almost all of its large panels of storefront glass. What a shame. Bring in National Guard!
This man should be extradited, tried, and thrown into jail. A sick lier who was paid by Crooked Hillary ; the DNC! 
 Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 If Nancy Pelosi can get her hair done in person - you can vote in person. Pass it on.
 He’s not even pretending to look at the interviewer!
 My great honor!!!
 BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???
This was just another phony hit job by the They had no source, they made it up. FAKE NEWS! 
This is a disgraceful situation! 
 
STRONG ; UNITED, WE WILL PREVAIL! GOD BLESS THE USA!!
 Today I was presented with the brand new flag in the Oval Office. I will take Great Pride in displaying…
True, except to the Fake News Media and a former president who didn’t have a clue! 
 President Trump returning to the White House on Marine One, from Camp David.... 
 On the left: Nancy Pelosi today shaming Americans, saying "you must wear your mask."On the right: Nancy Pelosi yesterda…
THIS IS WHY WE NEED BORDERS!
Sleepy Joe has been in politics for 40 years, and did nothing. Now he pretends to have the answers. He doesn’t even know the questions. Weakness will never beat anarchists, looters or thugs, and Joe has been politically weak all of his life. LAW ; ORDER!
 The tale of 2 campaign events in Pennsylvania within the last couple of daysOne of these things is not like the other one…
 Quote:Biden “doesn’t answer key questions. And his media friends calculate that if they give you the inside scoop on the amaz…
John, among others, should have gotten a Pulitzer for exposing Russia, Russia, Russia as Fake News. He was right. The “journalists” who got them were all WRONG. Take back the Pulitzers, which have become a JOKE! 
 Democrats have become so extreme that standing for the Pledge of Allegiance and National Anthem is part of “our terrible,…
An incompetent political hack! Come back to Washington ; take care of our great American workers. 
 Two years ago today kept his promise and opened the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem. I was honored to be in I…
This is unbelievable! 
MAGA crowds are bigger than ever! 
 
 
 FACT CHECK: President DID NOT dismantle the pandemic response office.The NSC’s Counter-proliferation and B…
Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!
Spending the morning speaking to and Military relative to CoronaVirus. Also, spoke to leaders of various countries including Poland, South Korea and Bahrain. Last night had a very gold conversation with the President of Mexico on numerous topics. Border is very strong!
 Long line of supporters waiting hours ahead of President Trump’s Pittsburgh rally tonight 
 EXCLUSIVE – Democrat Vernon Jones:  Did More for Black Americans in 4 Years Than Biden Has in Over 4…
 Democrats want a world without police, without prisons, and without virtually any sort of law enforcement.These are tod…
The New York Times changed headlines 3 times in order to satisfy the Radical Left. What should have been a good story got “worse ; worse”, until the headline alone made it very unfair. Fake ; Corrupt News that is very dangerous for our Country!
That shouldn’t be hard. Corrupt Joe has done nothing good for Black people! 
Washington, D.C., was the safest place on earth last night!
 Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus!
Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!
“Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters” 
 TOMORROW: Join Making the Case hosted by with special guest at 8:00 pm ET!RSVP: 
 Ever have a question about Russiagate you wanted to ask me? Here’s a chance to join a VIP Q;A session and hear the ins…
 ‘Having the schools actually closed is a greater public health threat to the children than having the schools reopen.’…
 TOMORROW: Join Team Trump LIVE for 'The Real Joe Biden' hosted by and at 11:00 pm ET!RSVP: 
“FAKE NEWS IS NOT ESSENTIAL!”
 Through yesterday, the PPP approved 22,933 loans for more than $3.8b in South Carolina. $3.8b to ensure workers get th…
 
 White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!
 Bay of Pigs Veterans ; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!
 Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules ; Regulations, you become an Election Official…
 WE CANNOT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE PROBLEM ITSELF. AT THE END OF THE 15 DAY PERIOD, WE WILL MAKE A DECISION AS T…
 As our nation faces an unprecedented crisis in responding to the   pandemic, it is critical that w…
 I want to thank President for the opportunity to serve our nation on this task force, and I will be w…
Big news for Wisconsin! is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!
Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. Myers/Naples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!
The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!
 LIVE: President delivers remarks in honor of Bay of Pigs veterans 
 Trump topped Biden in 2020 primary vote turnout in key swing states like Florida, Ohio | Just The News 
 CDC director says closed schools pose larger public health risk for kids than reopening | Just The News 
Another Fake Whistleblower. Republicans must do something about these terrible people, and now! 
A great early result from a drug that will start tomorrow in New York and other places!  
 
 
 
 
Can anyone believe that Princeton just dropped the name of Woodrow Wilson from their highly respected policy center. Now the Do Nothing Democrats want to take off the name John Wayne from an airport. Incredible stupidity!
Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt tha never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including the fact that Biden and Obama illegally spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!
We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!



THANK YOU!  
 The  is literally saving millions of jobs.It's helping small businesses stay open.FUNDS WILL R…
  and Congressional Democrats need to stop holding workers and small businesses hostage and sto…
 Obama officials were spying on incoming National Security Adviser Flynn's foreign calls weeks before his controversial pho…
....is NOT their fault in any way, shape, or form. They are working closely with us to get rid of it. WE WILL PREVAIL TOGETHER!
95% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. I would imagine the 5% are the RINOS’ and stupid people who don’t want to see great Judges ; Supreme Court Justice’s, a new ; powerful Military, Choice for Vets, 2A Protection, big RegulationCuts, Life, ; much more!
...millions of dollars, and jobs, for the State. Because of we are now forced to seek another State to host the 2020 Republican National Convention.
...then tell them they will not be able to gain entry. Governor Cooper is still in Shelter-In-Place Mode, and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised. Would have showcased beautiful North Carolina to the World, and brought in hundreds of...
2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!
...60 years ago, these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today, we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA! 
Today, we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People, and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM... 
 The  has already issued 1M+ loans to small businesses, saving millions of jobs nationwide. B…
  Update: April 17↓↓↓❌no new loans approved❌no new jobs savedThe Paycheck Protection Program is out of money.an…
 Florida Democratic Party to return $780,000 in coronavirus aid money, after bipartisan backlash | Just The News 
Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt that never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including Biden and Obama, who spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!
 The level of anger directed at the media from these protestors was alarming. As always, I will tell a fair and unbiased sto…
THANK YOU DONNA!  
It is very important that we totally protect our Asian American community in the United States, and all around the world. They are amazing people, and the spreading of the Virus....
Seattle Looters, Agitators, Anarchists and “Protestors”, are now refusing to leave the “CHOP” Zone. They have ZERO respect for Government, or the Mayor of Seattle or Governor of Washington State! Not good!
 Joe  has spent the last half century in politics putting China first! Only will always pu…
 Proud to welcome General Jay Raymond, Chief of Space Operations, United States Space Force, to my Ceremonial Office after t…
 LAW ; ORDER!
Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!
I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down! 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 ⚙️⛰️🇺🇸The  is WORKING in Colorado!↓↓↓↓ 
 By blocking relief for Main Street, Democrats are behaving as they always do in circumstances like this one: hijacking th…
So cute! 
 Breaking: British court rules against Christopher Steele, orders damages paid to businessmen named in dossier | Just T…
My Hero. New York’s Finest! 
Sorry to inform the Do Nothing Democrats, but I am getting VERY GOOD internal Polling Numbers. Just like 2016, the Polls are Fake! The Polls are a JOKE! Do you think they will apologize to me ; their subscribers AGAIN when I WIN? People want LAW, ORDER ; SAFETY!

When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!
We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
 Congress could pass clean  relief bills . . . if Speaker Pelosi would agree to it. Right now, though, Dem…

Had long planned to have the Republican National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, a place I love. Now, Roy Cooper and his representatives refuse to guarantee that we can have use of the Spectrum Arena - Spend millions of dollars, have everybody arrive, and...

I’ll do it again! 
Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night. We honor our police officers, perhaps more than ever before. Thank you! 
Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!
 Today announced officially that  is out of funds. Every Senate Republican was ready to…
Tracey Mann  will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers, and he is Strong on the Border, Law ; Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Bring back Steele!!! 
  will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly sup…
 Here is what and are blocking:$1,200-PP, $2,400-Couple, $500-Child$250 Billion-Unemploym…
 I’m receiving text messages, phone calls ; emails from  owners who wonder if more money will be put into the 
 Great  success story in NE! I’m glad Steve was able to use this program to get his employees…
THANK YOU!  

Hello to India! 
You got it wrong! If the protesters were so peaceful, why did they light the Church on fire the night before? People liked my walk to this historic place of worship! Sen. Susan Collins, Sen. James Lankford, Sen. Ben Sasse. Please read below. 
 A climate change study on aviation to combat  Is this a joke,  How does that help average Ame…
 Mike Pence was never put on standby, ; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by a phony story.…
Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!
 I spent 40 years building a small business on Main Street, and it's sad that Senate Democrats blocked additional aid for…
THANK YOU!  
 Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compar…
 is an unsung American hero and patriot. Thank you sir!
 Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s refusal to provide additional funding for this bipartisan program is indefensible. I’ll continue f…
 The  is critical for MT small businesses and workers. It’s officially OUT of money. We must boos…
 Congressman is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border, Infrastructure…
 "China and who can best rebuild our economy will be the dominant issues on Election Day and that’s bad news for Joe Bide…
 Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military, Vets, and Br…
Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters  Fake News is hurting our Country so badly. Don’t burn down churches. This article is a must read!
 At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million…
 The great has a very important new book coming out shortly. “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed th…
 Small business owners and hardworking Americans have a champion in President Over $12.2 BILLION in
Congressman Greg Gianforte  will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman, he will Cut your Taxes, Defend your  and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
....us since the beginning of this crisis.” They meant the opposite? Forgot to mention that I closed our Country to China (and Europe) very early, long before it was considered acceptable to do so. Sleepy Joe said I was “xenophobic”, but I saved thousands of lives! Fake News!
 BREAKING – Funds have officially run out for the  This program has helped so many in Oklahoma and…
 Republicans tried to pass more money for Americans’ paychecks last week. Democrats blocked it. Speaker Pelosi said she sa…
 This situation could have been completely avoided. Small businesses in America are in desperate need. We should not be playi…
 Goodyear employee says new zero-tolerance policy, barring items like Blue Lives Matter, All Lives Matter, MAGA Attire, i…
Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Sessions is a disaster who has let us all down. We don’t want him back in Washington!
 House Democrats would rather give tax dollars to illegal immigrants than American steelworkers. Shameful. 
Congressman is a great supporter of the  Agenda! He fights for your  rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
“Chaos, lawlessness, and destruction take over New York.”  When will Governor Cuomo call the Federal Government for help?
 America depends on the dedication, skill, and courage of our frontline workers.THANK YOU to the great medical professiona…
 
This is the way the finished a story on me. “You can see the contrast between the steady, assured, informed and strong leadership that VP Biden (Sleepy Joe) has shown, and the bungling, chaotic and dishonest start-stop approach that Mr. (not Pres.) Trump has shown....
 Contrary to the air cover being provided to Democratic congressional leaders by many in the media  is NOT tied up becau…
 The initial  funds have run out. 5.2 million more Americans filed for unemployment last week…
So true! 
Diana Harshbarger  will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Scott Fitzgerald  will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life, wants to Lower Your Taxes, and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Senator from Colorado is a GREAT Senator who always fights for the people of his state. He protects your  loves our Vets and Military, and cares deeply about our BEAUTIFUL public lands. Cory has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Thank you to for covering, supremely, the greatest political scandal in the history of the United State…
New York’s Finest are not being allowed to perform their MAGIC but regardless, and with the momentum that the Radical Left and others have been allowed to build, they will need additional help. NYC is totally out of control. ; MUST PUT DOWN RIOTING NOW!
 President officially designates Wilmington, North Carolina as America’s very first WWII heritage city 
 WATCH: President Donald Trump in Old Forge, PA   Text TRUMP to 88022 

Republicans had a deal until Nancy Pelosi rode into town from her extended vacation. The Democrats want the Virus to win? They are asking for things that have nothing to do with our great workers or companies. They want Open Borders ; Green New Deal. Republicans shouldn’t agree!
 The ; paycheck blockade must end now. The  has ensured millions o…
New documents just released reveal General Flynn was telling the truth, and the FBI knew it!
 Pres. Trump Introduces Leaders Of "Operation Warp Speed" Vaccine Development Project  via
 
The Hill/HarrisX: 61% to 39% Approval Rating on handling of Coronavirus situation. Thank you!
 President In Biden’s policy manifesto written with socialist Bernie Sanders, Biden pledges to OUTLAW Ameri…
 President If you want a vision of your life under Joe Biden, imagine the smoldering ruins of Minneapolis,…
 In just 12 days  has helped over 1 MILLION  save 15 MILLION American jobs. But now it’s being held hostag…
 President in  Joe Biden has pledged to hike taxes on Americans by $4 trillion, eviscerate the…
Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions, and he reads them an answer! 
 “Joe Biden, a little out of it, let’s face it, so he is the perfect vessel, an empty vessel, to transform the Country.…
 Congratulations to on a big night, as usual!
  blocked more funding for this program just last week and now it’s almost out of money. Small businesses need…
 
 
 
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 Senator Jim Inhofe  delivers for the State of Oklahoma! A U.S. Army veteran, he fights hard for our…
  tells "The Obama administration weaponized our intelligence institutions against an American citizen...…
Burgess Owens, Utah. “We weren’t to sure in 2016, but we voted for the right person to take us through this process.”  Thank you Burgess. Working hard!
THANK YOU NOH CAROLINA!
 Blaming Trump for someone ingesting fish tank cleaner is a new level of Trump Derangement Syndrome.
Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!
 I LOVE
John James will be a GREAT Senator for Michigan! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 CPAC Live: A Conversation with Matt Schlapp and special guests Sara Carter and Shelley Luther 
 People are dying and the dems do this. It's literally the definition of evil. We've never seen a crisis like th…
The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧
 SILENT MAJORITY!
 This never needed to happen was ready to approve more relief funds last week — Dems stepped in to block.*O…
LAW ; ORDER!
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!  
Happy Birthday Tom! 
Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!
So pathetic to watch the Fake News Lamestream Media playing down the gravity and depravity of the Radical Left, looters and thugs, ripping up our Liberal Democrat run (only) cities. It is almost like they are all working together?

 Our experience suggests that hydroxychloroquine should be a first-line treatment for Covid-19. We can use it to save l…
Florida looking good!
 President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96%. Thank You!
I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety ; security, Joe allows CRIME!
  has allowed workers to collect paychecks ;  owners pay bills: 22K+ loans ; $3.7B+ in…
 Small businesses in Oklahoma received more than $4 billion dollars from the  to help them ;…
 Who do ballot harvesters most commonly target and steal votes from?The poor and elderly. A vote-by-mail election would ma…
 Pres. Trump Introduces Leaders Of "Operation Warp Speed" Vaccine Development Project - Sara A. Carter 
 9/2/2020 | Wilmington, North Carolina! 
 Biden has a problem if he runs on “Things Were Better Under Obama.”
I agree, unlike other states that are poorly run ; managed, Texas is in great shape...and the Southern Border Wall, which is going up FAST, puts it in even better position! 
Really nice to see this and, what a great pick! 
Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52%. Republican Party Approval Rating, 95%. Thank you!
This will never be approved by me, or any other Republican! 
 Fox News’ on President Trump’s commutation of Roger Stone sentence: “A courageous move.. it was an unjust sente…
AMERICA FIRST!  
So true! 
 
 The livelihood of many Americans are on the line during the  pandemic.Last week, blocked addit…
 Pelosi Shrugs Off Mobs, ‘People Will Do What They Do’ Tells Young People Everything We Do is ‘About You’ 
 Trump right to commute Roger Stone’s sentence – Stone committed no crime, was framed by Mueller 
 Biased anti-Flynn rogue judge exceeds authority by refusing to dismiss wrongful charges 
 Every American has a right to peaceably express their freedom of speech. That doesn't include:✖️Rioting✖️Looting✖️Ligh…
 We must all do our part to       
North Carolina looking good! See you later.
 Outrage isn't enough. We need true action to protect the privacy of American citizens.
 Unmasking essentially is an end-run around the Constitution. The lesson that we should all be taking away from this is not “M…
 I joined on his podcast to discuss why there is a need to safely reopen America! Tune in! 
The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search ; find people, then “harvest” ; return Ballots. Not fair!
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:00 P.M. Thank you!
 PREVIEW of tomorrow’s  hearing: We’re looking for the truth about the Obama Administration officia…
 How do you explain a House Democratic Party so crazy that their new $3 trillion proposal has 68 references to Cannabis an…
 Please retweet the tweet below⬇️
Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!
 Pres signed two broadband bills today:-requires Pres to ensure security of 5G and subsequent generation cell phone techno…
What an INCREDIBLE opening by I will put it up later for everyone to see!
They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!
 A reminder of who Van Grack is in this fiasco .... 
 Great interview.  I wonder who did an unmasking the morning of the inauguration?
 "I’ll work with anybody to help the American people and the American worker — I don’t care who it is." -- Donald Trump,…
 WOW! ;Joe Biden Given Advance Notice of Questions in TV Interview, Reads the "Topline Message" Part of the Talking Poi…
Thank you Ari! 
Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally I’ll-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?
Thank you great job! 
 🔥👇🏻
Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!
 I always believed along comes lying who lied to Congress,
 As Victor Davis Hanson remarked... there are a small number of people in Washington that don’t care what others s…
 🚀 🇺🇸we're back. 
Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out ; send it in. Request yours today:  
 A message for Schumer ; Pelosi:"This should not be a time for political agendas, but rather one for focusing solely an…
Great news, thank you! 
2016? HERE WE GO AGAIN!
 Rasmussen: Trump approval surges during DNC
 And Brit the media who are going to hate reading this will continue to go to the same exact people that fed them the…
....Example! V.P. Mike Pence held a conference call yesterday with all Democrat Senators. He gave them everything that they would have wanted to hear in terms of gaining ground on the CoronaVirus, but nothing that anyone could have said, including “it’s over”, could have made....
 President just signed an EO to prevent hoarding ; price gouging of supplies needed in our war against the 
 "I am glad the president, yesterday, led by going to St. John's Church, a historic church in our capital city that was fire…
No matter what you do for the Do Nothing Democrats, no matter how GREAT a job you are doing, they will only respond to their Fake partners in the Lamestream Media in the negative, even in a time of crisis. I thought it would be different, but it’s not. In fact, it’s even worse...
 
To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???
Thank you, I will never let you down! 

 NEW: Ron Johnson letter to Chris Wray about the Biden laptop 
She’s always been terrible ; unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing? 

The Radical Left is in total command ; control of Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Google. The Administration is working to remedy this illegal situation. Stay tuned, and send names ; events. Thank you Michelle! 
....them happy, or even a little bit satisfied. They were RUDE and NASTY. This is their political playbook, and they will use it right up to the election on November 3rd. They will not change because they feel that this is the only way they can win. America will not be fooled!!!
 BREAKING:I have established a memorial fund for the family of Captain David Dorn 

Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally ill-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?
My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today.
 Trump Derangement Syndrome. Just a guess.
 Pollster Who Predicted 2016 Win Predicts Another Trump Victory 👇🏻👇🏻 
“Scandal has defined the Obama Administration.”
 58% of Americans support sending the military in to supplement police force to quell riotsCompare that to the twitter discou…
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!
The most often used phrase in the Lamestream Media, by far, is “sources say”, or “officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity”, or anything similar which allows Fake News to make up a phony quote from a person who doesn’t even exist. The American people should demand NAMES!
Thank you! 

 Every American needs to see Joe Biden's latest brain freeze. 
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT!  
Thank you Michele! 
 BREAKING: Judicial Watch announced it filed in the CA court of appeals a Petition for Writ of Mandate that would require…
 1/ My appearance with Tonight: The cultural elites want to us to believe we're an irredeemably racist nation…
 Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!
Do RINO’S Pat Toomey ; Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama, Biden, ; Company illegally spying on my campaign? Do they care if Comey, McCabe, Page ; her lover, Peter S, the whole group, ran rampant, wild ; unchecked - lying ; leaking all the way? NO!
On my way to North Carolina! 
After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!
The World market for face masks and ventilators is Crazy. We are helping the states to get equipment, but it is not easy. Just got 400 Ventilators for Bill de Blasio. Work beginning on 4 hospitals in New York! Millions of different type items coming!
Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!
 -;
 Let's see if authorities enforce the social-distancing orders for mosques during Ramadan (April 23-May 23) like they did c…
 BREAKING: Adjusted for population, U.S. COVID-19 deaths (fatalities per million) are lower than every Western European cou…
 Judicial Watch released 80 pages of new emails recently found by the FBI that further document how former SecState 
 The same government officials who threw a woman in jail for opening a hair salon, arrested a pastor for leading worship, and…
 Voter fraud by Democrats is the second most dangerous thing to happen to America since this virus.
Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, ; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! 
‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes ; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump ; his associates at any cost.
I disagreed with doing this very small (tiny) section of wall, in a tricky area, by a private group which raised money by ads. It was only done to make me look bad, and perhsps it now doesn’t even work. Should have been built like rest of Wall, 500 plus miles. 
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!
  made the following statement on the decision by the DOJ to drop its case against Gen.  “The ta…
Fredo’s ratings are down more than 50%. People are tired of his act. IS DYING! 
 BREAKING: New daily cases of COVID-19 in both U.S. and N.Y. have peaked and trend-line now rolling over
Up BIG in South Carolina!
 should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!
 Dr. Birx is a sober, professional thinker and analyst. I feel confident having her as an essential part of our team.
Thank you Tony! 
 Watch ( DVR)  Full Court Press tomorrow/ Sunday -  is my guest - for what time where you live go to 

 CNN says there are some fine people marching with the looters and domestic terrorists.
 President visits Walter Reed National Military Medical Center
Lou, this is just one of numerous concepts being considered under which we would pay 10% of what we have been paying over many years, matching much lower China payments. Have not made final decision. All funds are frozen. Thanks! 
 President took action this week to help every member of America’s proud Hispanic community unlock the Amer…
I gave up on Drudge (a really nice guy) long ago, as have many others. People are dropping off like flies! 
It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE! 
The Media is hopeless. Too bad! 
 THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!  
Mexico must take control of this very big problem! 
 Heartbreaking. Greatest police force in the world reduced to this—tasked to bully Orthodox Jews and bend a knee to terroris…
 Mask Looks good!    We'll talk about it tomorrow 10am et    
 President is a champion for the American worker.Under his leadership, Hispanic unemployment reached a re…
A respected coal miner and great dad! Rest In Peace! 
We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
 Trump’s bold gamble on hydroxychloroquine (HC) appears to be paying off. Medical professionals in NY tell Judicial Watch t…
Based on the massive number of Unsolicited ; Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, ; in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS ; IS COUNTED, SIGN ; MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,..
 With all the grounded flights and ghosted airports, great time for POTUS to rebuild crumbling airports like La Guardia and…
 THANK YOU!  
In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!
95% Approval Rating in Republican Party. 51% Plus, overall. But you NEVER read or see this in the Fake News Media. Always hearing bad, made up numbers on how badly I’m doing. Lamestream Media is unhinged and CORRUPT! 
Undercover Huber is a great spoof, funny, but at the same time sad, because the real did absolutely NOTHING. He was a garbage disposal unit for important documents ; then, tap, tap, tap, just drag it along ; run out of time. A.G. Jeff Sessions was played like a drum!
 "the chance of dying is ... about 0.45 percent – very far from the World Health Organization’s [global mortality] figure of…

Under The America First Healthcare Plan, we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures, and true health security for you and your loved ones! 
 Such a wonderful reception yesterday in Pennsylvania. Thank you!  
 I am proud to announce that the United States will donate ventilators to our friends in India. We stand with India and…
Get tough police! 
Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!

We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year. Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever. The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone, including many criminals, to come in!
China wants Sleepy Joe sooo badly. They want all of those billions of dollars that they have been paying to the U.S. back, and much more. Joe is an easy mark, their DREAM CANDIDATE! 
 R. E. S. P. E. C. T. LOL. 

 We were lectured for 3 years by liberal columnists about how Trump was “undermining our institutions”And now those same c…
We’ve done a GREAT job on Covid response, making all Governors look good, some fantastic (and that’s OK), but the Lamestream Media doesn’t want to go with that narrative, and the Do Nothing Dems talking point is to say only bad about “Trump”. I made everybody look good, but me!
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
I know many in business and politics that work out endlessly, in some cases to a point of exhaustion. It is their number one passion in life, but nobody complains. My “exercise” is playing, almost never during the week, a quick round of golf. Obama played more and much longer....
...rounds, no problem. When I play, Fake News CNN, and others, park themselves anywhere they can to get a picture, then scream “President Trump is playing golf.” Actually, I play VERY fast, get a lot of work done on the golf course, and also get a “tiny” bit of exercise. Not bad!
 LIVE: POTUS remarks at the 2020 Council for National Policy Meeting 
The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
 Dr. Fauci is all of us 🤦🏼‍♂️ 
Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?
 McConnell says Senate coronavirus bill includes•More federally-expanded unemployment benefits for laid-off Americans•An…
People can’t get enough of this. Great people! 
 Remember, if you don’t social distance, you’re literally killing people. That’s what they told us. The “experts.”
   ‘Abject Fools’ Not up to Challenge 
 President trip to Arizona will highlight the hundreds of miles of border wall system completed—and how e…
 President is mobilizing America's full industrial power to make sure our medical workers and first respond…
 If you want to help win this election, volunteer now! Join the Trump Team! Download the Trump app and come…
Thank you to J.R. Majewski, a great Air Force Veteran and Trump Supporter who did a beautiful job of turning his lawn into a giant Trump Sign. Thanks also to your fantastic Ohio neighbors. We are making record progress on JOBS, etc. Big Silent Majority!!!
Buy the book and give Liz some Great Reviews! 
The National Guard is ready! 
Will be online tomorrow morning at 10:30am (Eastern) watching from Baptist in Dallas, Texas. You can join us at  
We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?
 Michael Flynn was a useful tool for everyone and everything but justice: Mueller, the media, even the court. What is le…
 Our GREAT Senator from South Carolina, just released a fantastic new book, “OPPOUNITY KNOCKS: How H…
Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on and 
 American carnage: These aren't protests — they're riots. Someone must end the lawlessness. 
...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! 
Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”...
Great new book out by “Revolution: Trump, Washington, and We the People”. Get your copy today! 
No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument, the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials, or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue. If they even try, an automatic 10 years in prison. Sorry!
Thank you Kirstie! 
Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!
Is the NFL watching? 
Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City ; State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!
 Business owners in NYC are not allowed open up their doors, while thieves and vandals and rioters are allowed to break d…
Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!
 The most outrageous lies are the ones about Covid 19. Everyone is lying. The CDC, Media, Democrats, our Doctors, not all…
 Love you Kirstie, don't be afraid to speak your mind!! has done an a amazing job pro…
I’m going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! 
 Great news, thank you!
 Thank you great job!
CONGRATULATIONS 
America is proud of Ron Johnson. He never gives up! 
 This is a bombshell.  Huge KUDOS to and at the Federalist.  I'll be digging in later.htt…
The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!
 Go through CNN’s official twitter feed right now. It’s a master class in propaganda. You’ll get the impression all protes…
Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law ; Order!
 When Nancy Pelosi receives a bill that will expedite relief to American workers but doesn't fund the Kennedy Center: 
 There is so much evidence, yes scientific evidence, that schools should open this fall. It's worldwide and it's overwhelm…
I’m not running against Sleepy Joe Biden. He is not even a factor. Never was, remember 1% Joe? I’m running against the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats ; their partner, the real opposition party, the Lamestream Fake News Media! They are vicious ; crazy, but we will WIN! 
 The Federalist: Newly declassified FBI texts detail ‘the FBI’s desire to take down Trump’ at any cost 
 Hey what does the Kennedy Center have to do with COVID-19?Asking for 327 million friends
 So based on Dr. Fauci and the Democrats, I will need an ID card to go shopping but not to vote?
 China wants Sleepy Joe sooo badly. They want all of those billions of dollars that they have been paying to the U.S. b…
 Getting real-time updates on a jewelry store looting from a friend watching it on his terrace down below at street level, p…
 These are Democrats who are ruining cities across the country Yes, I mean the politicians in charge- but also the rioters…
Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State ; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!
  addresses a campaign rally at the Southern Wisconsin Regional Airport in Janesville, WI. 
 President rips Joe Biden for calling police officers "the enemy" 
 Outside of the hangar at airport in Latrobe, Pennsylvania hours before President Trump’s 7pm really. 
 Incredible What Biden Has Gotten Away With!   
Look forward to this! 
 Great new book out by “Revolution: Trump, Washington, and We the People”. Get your copy today! 
 You wore blackface (or possibly even a KKK hood) and lied about it. 
 ‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation…
Keep Charlie Number One. Great Book! 
One of a kind! 
Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!
 Supporters of President Trump are lined up to take shuttles into Arnold Palmer airport for the president’s arrival tonight…
 Failed ObamaCare cost the average American family $5,000 more per year -over doubling our healthcare insurance costs…
The knew it was Fake and went with it anyway. Lamestream Media is CORRUPT! 
This is not about the ridiculous Green New Deal. It is about putting our great workers and companies BACK TO WORK!
 1 → Gorsuch.2 → Kavanaugh.3 → Coming this Saturday. 
 Senate Republicans will do our job. And Senate Republicans will continue to confirm well-qualified nomi…
The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!
Thank you!!! 
 "The fact is that we already have more compelling evidence that the Obama administration engaged in misconduct than we eve…
 WATCH: reporters pretend not to understand Obama admin scandal of leaking/spying/lying about Russia collusion. As truth co…
The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives!
 I gave up on Drudge (a really nice guy) long ago, as have many others. People are dropping off like flies!
Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law ; Order!
 Very well said.
 No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monu…
 
 This fall, many Medicare Advantage plans with prescription drug coverage will have a maximum $35 out-of-pocket copay for a m…
 Trey Gowdy:  was either  or  | Opinion - Conservative | Before It's News 
 The historical precedent is clear → When the American people have elected the same party to hold both the majority in th…
The Defense Production Act is in full force, but haven’t had to use it because no one has said NO! Millions of masks coming as back up to States.
 I assume that our elites in media and government pretended to fall for the Russia hoax, rather than actually fell for it,…
Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!
Great credit must be given to and all of those that are helping our States make it big! 
 “They think because I’m Black, that I have to vote Democrat.”In 2016, Trump won 8% of Black voters and 28% of Hispanic vot…
 We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of…
  joins me to discuss everything President Trump is doing to keep us on the right track in order to reopen Ameri…
Congress must approve the deal, without all of the nonsense, today. The longer it takes, the harder it will be to start up our economy. Our workers will be hurt!
 The goodness of America was on display in Atlanta today. I saw Farmers to Families Food Box distri…
 President and pay their respects to Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg on Thursday, Sept. 24, 2…
Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
 "Voters have elected a Republican President," Hawley said. "They've elected a Republican Senate. They did that after th…
 In 2018, having witnessed appoint two justices to the  as well as the ugly tactics deployed by…
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!
 Minority Mold-Breakers: In 2016, Trump won 8% of Black voters and 28% of Hispanic voters, outdoing former Republican presidential c…
 Of media who peddled Russia collusion hoax and are covering up truth about it, McConnell said: "you guys are so good at yo…
Is this what you want for your President??? With no ratings, media will go down along with our great USA! 
 Dem Supreme Court playbook:1. Reckless horror stories2. Character assassinations3. Unhinged temper tantrumsGOP Supre…
 I introduced the Lower Costs, More Cures Act, which contains similar proposals for the reduction of insulin and other prescr…
 President has DELIVERED ⬇️✅ 523 MILLION gloves✅ 69 MILLION surgical masks✅ 55 MILLION N95 respirators✅…
 EVERGREEN —&gt; Any reporter or outlet using half of a quote and refusing to use appropriate context is doing so maliciously.
Our people want to return to work. They will practice Social Distancing and all else, and Seniors will be watched over protectively ; lovingly. We can do two things together. THE CURE CANNOT BE WORSE (by far) THAN THE PROBLEM! Congress MUST ACT NOW. We will come back strong!
 Yes, is surfacing in  will take the  state with Black voters tired of 47 y…
Amazing! 
In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!
Very proud of the my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!
 Vice President Pence tells Chris Wallace the U.S. is conducting about 150,000 tests per day and four million tests have…
Will be doing a Town Hall on at 12:05 P.M. (Now). I will go on around 1:00 P.M. Enjoy!
“Republican voter registration is way up, Democrat numbers are down.”
Congratulations to Randy Feenstra on your big win in the Iowa Republican Primary. You will be a great Congressman!
Thank you Paul! 
 WATCH: President previews the upcoming RNC as "uplifting and positive" - catch his full conversation with…
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 
Not my Wall, which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep! 
 If FBI agents will fabricate evidence against the opposition party, and use that evidence to attain warrants from an obl…
 "The Mueller probe was launched not to find wrongdoing from the Trump administration, but to cover up wrongdoing by Mueller's…
 History (and the Constitution) are on our side:We're going to vote. 
Thank you. United We Stand! 
Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess. Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly, and so disrespectfully!!!
Really sad, but even “sadder”, watch flunky CRY when I whipped his mind ; he was FORCED to apologize to me over Apprentice fees. Even Psycho Cold Case Joe Scarborough (bad ratings) beat him up, on air, unmercifully. Find tapes ; play (5 years back?). 
LAW ; ORDER!
Price transparency is so important for the people of our Country. In many ways, it will prove to be as important as healthcare itself. A great issue for both Republicans and Democrats. Hopefully it will be approved!
Just like I was right on Ventilators (our Country is now the “King of Ventilators”, other countries are calling asking for help-we will!), I am right on testing. Governors must be able to step up and get the job done. We will be with you ALL THE WAY!
Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam....
Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on  and at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!
Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!
 Rep. “There’s an attempted cultural genocide going on in America right now and it calls for patriots to stand…
Really sick to watch the Fake and totally Slanted News(?) coming out of MSDNC and CNN. It bears NO relationship to the Truth or Facts. They are merely offshoots of the DNC, much like the and the Amazon Just like 2016, but worse. Sad, but we will win big!
....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!
 Interesting that the minority leader conveniently left out what he was objecting to… A Senate hearing on election securit…
Nervous Nancy is an inherently “dumb” person. She wasted all of her time on the Impeachment Hoax. She will be overthrown, either by inside or out, just like her last time as “Speaker”. Wallace ; are on a bad path, watch! 
 Supreme Court vacancies are an important issue to the people I serve.They mattered in 2018 when North Dakotans electe…

 Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House…
This is true. I say it all the time. The Republicans must play by the same rules, or die! Wow Mollie, you are good. 
 Small businesses power our economy—and President Trump won't let them weather this alone. 
So hard to watch anymore. They are working so hard against the people (viewers) that got them there. Their contributors are a disaster, and all over the place. The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission, just like they have so many others. Sad, but we will WIN!
Mitch, I love you, but this is 100% true. Time is running out. Get tough and move quickly, or it will be too late. The Dems are vicious, but got caught. They MUST pay a big price for what they have done to our Country. Don’t let them get away with this! 
If you watch Fake News or MSDNC, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hoodlums, looters, ANTIFA ; others, would be the nicest, kindest most wonderful people in the Whole Wide World. No, they are what they are - very bad for our Country!
THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA!  
GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
 She calls it “the flu” and says that calling it the China Virus is racist towards Asian Americans. Just as Xi Jinping o…
 The People’s Republic of Los Angeles. is out of control like the rest of the democrats.
 Excited to honor history ; celebrate the future in our beautiful Rose Garden this evening. Thank you to all who hel…
THANK YOU Newport Beach, California! Now on my way to Carson City, Nevada. Another big crowd, see you soon!  
The Silent Majority will reign!
We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black ; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
In 3 1/2 years, I’ve done much more for our Black population than Joe Biden has done in 43 years. Actually, he set them back big time with his Crime Bill, which he doesn’t even remember. I’ve done more for Black Americans, in fact, than any President in U.S. history, with...

 Germany’s largest newspaper comes out swinging against China. This is a must watch for US journalists who seem intent o…
....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting ; jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!
..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, ; I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called..
I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our....
 will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Barry Moore  will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our  agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law ; Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
We need Jerry Carl  in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans, Stands for Law ; Order, and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Mary Miller  will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low T…



 Germany looks for the right balance to return to a new normal. 
The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS. Both are doing GREAT! The Radical Left will destroy the USA. Be careful what you wish for!
....the possible exception of another Republican President, the late, great, Abraham Lincoln...and it’s not even close. The Democrats know this, and so does the Fake News, but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt! See “pinned” above.
  will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcem…
 Underway - Steaming to Assist! departs Naval Base San Diego in support of the nation's  response efforts. R…
 First lady Melanie Trump unveils restoration of Rose Garden, where she’ll give GOP convention speech Tuesday | Just Th…
 In 2016, Americans elected to the White House.In 2018, Americans elected Republicans to hold the Senate M…
 Today was HUGE! Congrats to the Class of 2020! More photos from today's event can be found here:  
 Small businesses desperately need the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) and Emergency Injury Disaster Loan (EIDL) to be f…
Big show tonight on will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course, don’t miss with at 9:00pmE!
 Again, this is 100% false. I was next to the whole day! The President was greatly disappointed when told we couldn…

 LIVE: President holds a roundtable 
 “In responding to the outbreak of coronavirus across the country, every level of government has worked together. Reopenin…
Terrible! 
 Factoring in local conditions ; partnering w/states, we must reopen our economy smartly ; precisely ; prevent a 2nd outbr…
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 USNS Mercy is underway.Check out this infographic to learn about the capabilities of  Hospital Ships,  and…
“There has never been a president in the White House who has been more supportive of HBCUs and their mission than President Trump” 
Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell!
The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing. 
The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 
  in the National Review → “History Is on the Side of Republicans Filling a Supreme Court Vacancy in 2020.”
 Kelley and I are praying for the swift recovery of the 2 police officers shot last night in Louisville.  When will Democrat m…


OBAMAGATE!
 President on the incredible job of law enforcement: “I want to thank the various police departments, law en…
 The nation must restore order. The military stands ready. 
TOGETHER, WE WILL PREVAIL! 
 Unreal! (But not surprising)
I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!!   

 So this seems like a good time to announce the forthcoming release of my very first book on  Coming June 16!…
 The Trumps are the greatest thing to ever happen to America!
 While believes the enemy is coronavirus, believes the enemy is Pres Trump. In order to de…

Congratulations to my friend President of Poland on his historic re-election! Looking forward to continuing our important work together across many issues, including defense, trade, energy, and telecommunications security!
 Love keep up the fight for America 🇺🇸!!!
....His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!
Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
“President Trump’s decision to very early on restrict travel from China saved tens of thousands of lives.” 
Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible.
Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!
Thank you! 
Probably the only thing Barack Obama and I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, ; felt great about. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, ; changed it to “Mad Dog”...
The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!
THANK YOU FLORIDA!   
 Tony Gonzales  will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, L…
 After his telephone talks with IOC President Bach, PM Abe spoke to the press and explained that the two have agreed that the T…
 I have known  for years and said from day one that if she runs she will win...  are about to get…
 Hey-yo 2020!!!😂 
THANK YOU NEVADA! 
Will be interviewed by on 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!
Doing a GREAT job! 
I am working very hard to help New York City ; State. Dealing with both Mayor ; Governor and producing tremendously for them, including four new medical centers and four new hospitals. Fake News that I won’t help them because I don’t like Cuomo (I do). Just sent 4000 ventilators!
 Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Session…
.....are therefore given massive advantages over The United States, and everyone else? Prior to the Plague floating in from China, our Economy was blowing everybody away, the best of any country, EVER. We will be there again, and soon!
A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!
...His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!
Probably the only thing Barack Obama ; I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, ; felt great about it. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, ; changed to “Mad Dog”...
 Acting DNI is Succeeding, Angering Traitors ;  
Why is it that China, for decades, and with a population much bigger than ours, is paying a tiny fraction of $’s to The World Health Organization, The United Nations and, worst of all, The World Trade Organization, where they are considered a so-called “developing country” and...
 THANK YOU FLORIDA!   
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 The Great American Comeback is powered by American workers like those VP Pence and I met today at Midwest Manufacturing in…
...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!
Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to Vucic of Serbia and PM Hoti of Kosovo on committing to  This is a major step forward...

I will be interviewed by at 10:00 A.M. on Thank you!
I feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong. Not everyone agrees with me, but I have little doubt. Watch for September, October, November. Next year will be one of the best ever, and look at the Stock Market NOW!
 “Dems say President Trump is trying to open the United States Economy too quickly”, but, if I took even a little more time, they would loudly chant that I am moving too slowly. Just political talking points for them. For me it’s about lives ;  the future of our Country!
 wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
One of the worst polls in 2016 was the Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%.
Watch the on at 10:00 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!
 BREAKING OVERNIGHTWhile you all slept, operation Trumpbux has been initiated. 
 Admiral Ronny Jackson  is a very successful doctor and Navy Veteran running for Congress in  S…

 It is unconscionable that Democrats actually want to defund the police. President and this Administration…
 Top pediatricians tell NBC they support reopening schools: “Yes.”“Absolutely.”“Without a hesitation.”“I have no con…
 President stands for law and order—and today, he was joined at the White House by citizens whose lives hav…
 Breaking News: Virginia's governor plans to order the removal of a monument to the Confederate general Robert E. Lee in Richmo…
  Overnight White House, Senate reach deal on $2 trillion stimulus package  
 Kim Jong-un has apologised for killing of South Korean official, South says, in highly unusual move for North Korea
Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting  via
Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
Great Rally and fantastic job on this morning. It is all happening!  
Congratulations to Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!
Great book by 
....May Phyllis Rest In Peace. Warmest condolences to her beloved family!!!
The Economy is coming back fast! 
 The corporate media isn't going to like this. 
 Rosenstein continues to take shots at McCabe, saying he was “not fully candid with me” and “certainly wasn’t forthcomi…
 Interesting watching  trying to worm its way out of  bullshit expose. No proof of any such specific pr…
 Where’s Hunter?👇🏽 
“On February 19th there was a Democratic Debate, in Las Vegas. Three words weren’t said: Virus, CoronaVirus, or COVID19. NEVER came up!”
Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!
Phyllis George was a great person and a true pioneer for women in television. The NFL could not have made a better “pick” when they choose Phyllis to be the first woman to represent them. Also, a wonderful First Lady of Kentucky as the wife of Gov. John Y. Brown....
 🚨BREAKING NEWS🚨
 "Reckless politicians have defamed our law enforcement heroes as the enemy."They aren't the enemy. Today, President
They spied on the Trump Campaign, and got caught!!! 
Thank you to my boy! 
These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast!
 There’s going to be more to this story. Linick was under investigation by DOD last year for mishandling sensitive informa…

 ⁦Real leadership: says there's 'light at the end of the tunnel' as White House pitches $6T coronavirus stim…
 😐 Husband of Sen. Dianne Feinstein Admits Helping Well-Connected Applicants to University of California: ‘No One Ever To…
 "Leftist group plans a massively nasty campaign against Trump's nominee." Expect to be able control and manipulate Democ…
 This report by ;  is remarkable ... the texts are just ... Jeez ... 
 Vice President Under President and his administration, we’re going to DEFEND the police! 
 Elected Georgia Democrat to President on protecting ALL lives: “I stand in solidarity with…
 On the validity of the renewal of the FISA warrant application against Carter Page: Gra…
 "This crisis has underscored just how critical it is to have strong borders and a robust manufacturing sector." 
 I will be interviewed by at 10:00 A.M. on Thank you!
 The salary of a U.S. Senator is $174,000 per year. This is Joe Biden’s house.... seems legit 🙄 
Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!
A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU! 
White House News Conference at 5:45. Thank you!

 BREAKING: Explosive new FBI texts uncovered by DOJ show that FBI agents were so horrified by the bureau's actions to take dow…
 Is this what democrats and the media mean by “peaceful transition of power?” This was an attack on our democracy orches…
 President “These radical politicians want to defund and abolish the police" 
 President on recent New York City violence: Shootings up 358%, over 300 people shot last month and NYPD ret…
FBI ; DOJ had NO EVIDENCE to start an investigation against President Trump.  “These are people with subversive actions and outright lies. They doctored documents.”   Now proven conclusively that this was the political crime of the century!
 President is pro-safety, pro-police and anti-crime! 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
Doing REALLY well, medically, on solving the CoronaVirus situation (Plague!). It will happen!
Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 
 The Establishment Media's Trump Derangement Syndrome hits a new low. 
THANK YOU!  
 "[The 2 GOP members] of the North Carolina State Board of Elections abruptly resigned... they felt misled by the state a…
This is why we have so many “cases” for the media to constantly refer to! 
 “We should never be reliant on a foreign country for the means of our own survival.” 
 The Rod Rosenstein hearing made it very clear that there was an illegal coup taking place that President was…
 With Tuesday’s victories, is now 64-0 in primary and special election endorsements this cycle.If you…
RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!
Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!
Thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters.” I will never let you down!  
Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!
BRILLIANT, A MUST WATCH! 
 White House Press Secretary President has a great record when it comes to the LGBT commun…
“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware.
 Former Secretary Mattis’ “article” is little more than a self-promotional stunt to appease the DC elite.President
 Under President leadership, there will be NO burning of churches, looting of businesses, destruction of pr…
 HHS Secy. Azar: America’s Coronavirus Response Has Been Historic   

 Snowflakes are scampering to their crying circles and clutching their emotional support puppies over this. 
 Trump legal adviser: Ballot harvesting unconstitutional if it creates ‘wide opportunity for fraud’ | Just The News htt…
Congratulations to all of my many friends at The Villages in Florida on having done so well, and with such great spirit, during these rather unusual times. So proud of everyone! Mark Morse ; Gary Lester have really stepped up to the plate. Hope to see everyone soon.
This is really great news! I am so happy I can barely speak. He may have been a terrible presidential candidate and an even worse U.S. Senator, but he is a RINO, and I like him a lot! 
 NEVER underestimate the silent majority.
Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?
 President Biden has gone so seriously far left, but still doesn’t know where he is 
 President on Joe Biden calling to end systemic racism: He's been in Washington for 43 years, why hasn’t he…
 President Liberal Mayors and Governors are weak on crime 
 Holy wow
 Health Secretary Azar Says America ‘Must’ Reopen — ‘It’s Not Health Vs. The Economy, It’s Actually Health Vs. Health’ 


LAW ; ORDER!
 Leftists ; the media claim Biden ; Beto are not a threat to our guns.Biden has promised gun bans and to put Beto in charge of th…
 Team Trump's President will always honor peaceful protesters and will protect all Americans f…
 Can We Trust China to Ban Wet Markets? 
 President says the killing of  is "a terrible thing" 
 Before the plague from China, America had the BEST Black unemployment rate in American history.President
Lacy will do a great job. Omar is a corrupt disaster! 
Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations  via
 President Early voting in  starts on MONDAY, and we are going to have a Red Wave!VISIT: 
 
Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls! 

Would be so great if the Media would get the word out to the people in a “fair and balanced” way. We will win anyway, but they are a far more difficult adversary than their Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Partner!
 Mainstream Media Got Caught Changing Headline to Favor Dems…TWICE 
Wall is going up fast. 184 miles as of today! 
 Why did NPR only pick the low end to “fact check” Trump, while ignoring the high end?  The Washington Post split the diff…
 64-0.That’s the record of federal candidates in primaries or special elections after they’ve been endorsed by
 In the time that I’ve known both as a member of Congress and most recently serving as his Chief of Staff…
 The Atlantic story is completely false. Absolutely lacks merit. I’ve been by the President’s side. He has always shown…
 “Gun sales in major swing states up nearly 80% this year...” 
The Obama Administration is turning out to be one of the most corrupt and incompetent in U.S. history. Remember, he and Sleepy Joe are the reasons I am in the White House!!!
 
 “Every person who leaves the hospital is a win and celebrated by our staff. We play ‘Here Comes the Sun’ over the loudspeak…
 I was with POTUS in France, with Sarah, and have been at his side throughout it all. Complete lies by “anonymous sources” t…
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 I never heard the President disparage our war dead or wounded.   In fact, the exact opposite is true.  I was with him at t…
 Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Session…
 President "is the leader that can finally lead to the change and action so many in my community have been…
Received a very nice call from of Minnesota. We are working closely on getting him all he needs, and fast. Good things happening!
 🚨🚨 ALSO: first details of Republican policy platform EXCLUSIVE tonight Trump 2nd Term Agenda 9pm don't miss it!
Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!
Fake Journalism. So bad for our Country! 
 "In other words, the Obama-Biden paper packet was superseded by a President Trump-style pandemic preparedness response plan." -…
 Trump: Auto Manufacturers Given OK to Produce Much Needed Ventilators 
Gee, that’s too bad. Such a fine guy. Presidential aspirations you know! 
 Transforming the federal judiciary by nominating pro-Second Amendment judges✅ Protected our right to self-defe…
 The burglary began around 2:00 p.m. in the afternoon, when the robber broke into the house through the back door. Once in…
... “Testing, Testing, Testing,” again playing a very dangerous political game. States, not the Federal Government, should be doing the Testing - But we will work with the Governors and get it done. This is easy compared to the fast production of thousands of complex Ventilators!
 Tony Gonzales  will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, L…
 Senior Advisor on Team Trump's  and how the Lamestream Media doesn't give President
Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story  via  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. is gone!
 ‘Ya gotta admire the hypocrisy (and stupidity) of Adam Schiff. It’s okay for him to assert a government privilege. But wh…
Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great!
 What if people talked like 
 Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced that the Senate will vote Wednesday on the coronavirus relief proposal crafted by…
 So let's get this straight.. wants to take our guns, "redistribute" police funding, and his VP pick and staffers work…
 Hey You will NEVER take our guns.
 It's clear that If Biden wins the WH, Dems will immediately move to pack the courts to increase their political power.…
 Biden has said he disagrees with SCOTUS decision declaring the Second Amendment protects the individual right to owning a firearm.…
 Admiral Ronny Jackson  is a very successful doctor and Navy Veteran running for Congress in  S…
Last month all you heard from the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats was, “Ventilators, Ventilators, Ventilators.” They screamed it loud ; clear, ; thought they had us cold, even though it was the State’s task. But everyone got their V’s, with many to spare. Now they scream....
Great job Ted. Country is proud of you!!! 
 
Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe  via Great!!!
 Gallup poll shows strong 60% approval of President handling of Virus Crisis:   Overall Job Approval Rating…
 Democrats want to Defund, Destroy, and Dismantle our country. Republicans want to Renew, Restore, and Rebuild America. We'…
 “Manufacturing provides well-paying, stable employment...tends to deliver faster productivity growth...government should…
A great guy, a great book! 
 ....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so wi…
 Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election r…
 Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling…
 Happy to announce this week's  candidates of the week are 2 GREAT military vets determined to stand up to the DC e…
 ... and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children m…
Hard to believe considering the Lamestream Media is totally corrupt. The people understand! 
 BIDEN TRIFECTA🚨 Put confiscation-promising in charge of our 2nd Amendment ; implement gun control.🚨 "Redistribute…
 There’s a lot of mud on Robert Mueller’s face these days.  His mug is caked with it. 
The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump  via Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”.
 Congress must IMMEDIATELY increase funding for the Paycheck Protection Program.A simple 1 page bill will get the job done…
 If elected, Biden will destroy the Second Amendment.Stand and fight! Visit  to DONATE TODAY and your dona…
 To NRA haters – let this be a lesson NEVER to doubt the fighting spirit of NRA’s millions of members.Biden will destroy  (bel…
 NEWS: NRA raised more in August than any month of 2016, as showdown nears 
 Visit  to DONATE TODAY and your donation will be DOUBLED! 
 LIVE: President holds a press conference 
 This X 1000!!!
   
 A man defended himself with a firearm when he was approached by two armed men at a car wash in Roseville, Mich., on the e…
 BREAKING:Democrats just launched ANOTHER investigation into Donald TrumpThis time for the legal firing of a partisan…
First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 President Joe Biden never did anything except make very bad decisions for his 47 years in Washington 
 President on Joe Biden's deep love for China and Biden's many gifts to the Chinese Communist Party 
 President “Make no mistake, we hold China fully responsible for concealing the virus and unleashing it upo…
 I have no personal interest with Mr. Trump, nor I am an American, but this gesture really moved me !! Thank you
 Charlamagne tha God calls out Biden's 'racist' Senate history  via
Wow. Very impressive Josh! 
 Biden will implement a $200 tax on semi-autos and magazines that can hold more than ten rounds. Calculate your Biden Gun Tax her…
 Sick:A Denver inmate with a criminal history dating back 22 years was released from prison on April 15thLess than a…
The Democrat’s Best ; Finest! 
Continued... 

Joe Biden claims to be prioritizing ‘safety of kids’ by keeping schools closed this Fall. Yet he remains silent about children being slaughtered by violence on the streets of Democrat run cities. You ; your children won’t be SAFE in Biden’s America, and neither will anyone else!
Just reported that the United States has done far more “testing” than any other nation, by far! In fact, over an eight day span, the United States now does more testing than what South Korea (which has been a very successful tester) does over an eight week span. Great job!
 Democrat mayors during  can’t open your business-You can’t go to church-You can’t buy a gunDemocrat…

 
 POTUS: “We're going to win. I wouldn't have told you that maybe two or three weeks ago”
  members fight harder than any other group to protect the Constitution against politicians like Biden, Harris, Pelosi and Sch…
 Fantastic!! Thank you so much for your support! Welcome to  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
YES! 
 Did you know:The ACLU is suing Dallas County officials to release all inmates who are susceptible to contracting Coron…
 The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campa…
Tom Tiffany  is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany! 
The four hospitals that we (FEMA) are building in NYC at the Javits Convention Center are moving along very well, ahead of schedule. Many additional ventilators also delivered. Good conversation with Governor Cuomo!
Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE!  
 Judge Sullivan and the DC Court of Appeals are turning out to be the unintentional heroes of the Flynn saga. In their unse…

Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and the IOC, on their very wise decision to present the Olympics in 2021. It will be a great success, and I look forward to being there!
Wow, just called! - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incredible people of Alabama. is a terrible Senator who is just a Super Liberal puppet for Schumer ; Pelosi. Represents Alabama poorly. On to November 3rd.
Incredible that ; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than anchors. Ridiculous!
 will be a tremendous fighter for the U.S. and the State of California. An Annapolis graduate, he served our Country as a highly decorated Navy Fighter Pilot and will be a great Congressman ( Loves our Military, and Vets...
...He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Turn your Ballots in now and track them, watching for dishonesty. Report to Law Enforcement. 
 Why is silent about the cold blooded murder of Captain David Dorn? Does his life not matter to Joe because it…
 Rosenstein testimony today!!!Hopefully brings the passion he had during the Kavanaugh hearings to th…
 ‘This Is A Nightmare’: FBI Employees Had Concerns About Flynn Probe, Records Show 
 "Thank you" - Trump campaign ad team
FLORIDA—Early voting is underway! For more information, go to  and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 INSURANCE POLICY?  analysts investigating  purchased liability insuranceJust more evidence that proves this w…
 “FBI official on Mueller team said Flynn prosecution had 'get Trump' attitude, collusion probe was 'not there’” 
 Good morning to everyone except Judge Sullivan and the corrupt FBI agents that tried to prosecute General Flynn under f…
 FBI whistleblower: Bureau’s  Andrew McCabe was running phony Flynn investigation.  
A CNN Faker! 
 For all you MAGA Marauders out there who are asking, it’s OK, l’ll still be hosting my National show AMERICA First,  in addit…
 Terrible!!! 
 Must watch video destroying the media’s BS narrative that those rioting, looting and burning down communities are “most…
 For nearly a whole day, the media reported the use of tear gas in DC’s Lafayette Park with no evidence.We now know it wa…
....I have been packed all day with meetings, I have no time for stupidity. We’re working around the clock to KEEP AMERICA SAFE!
I hear that Fake News CNN just reported that I am isolated in the White House, wondering out loud, “when will life return to normal?” Does anybody really believe that? There was no leak, they made it up – they are CORRUPT ; FAKE NEWS....
 Wow ; I mean, wow. Jaw dropper. CIA analysts buying professional liability insurance for Flynn investigation is: wow. H…
 Obama should be sued for what he did to General Flynn!
 General Motors's first ventilators arrived Friday at hospitals, just 1 month after conversations about the possibility of…
 This election is much more than a decision between  ; This election determines whether America wi…
  is disgusted by the socialist, big city mayors refusing to allow to help protect American citizen…
 President "Our country will NEVER be a socialist country!" 
 President There’s no enthusiasm for Joe Biden 
 President on disastrous Universal Mail-In Ballots 
The most incompetent and corrupt administration in U.S. history! 
 The news was broken on  President has selected me to be a member on the National Security…
 LOL. Joe Biden told a black man to his face "you ain't black" like a week ago--and now he's going to end racism in Ame…
 The “protesters” who injured 50 Secret Service law enforcement personnel and set St. John’s Church ablaze? Those protes…
 President We will not be taking "God" out of the Pledge of Allegiance like the Democrats did htt…

 5-He is the only president to be the subject of false news stories by by NBC and Newsweek that each claimed he was gol…
 ??? Biden: ‘CoVID has Taken This Year, More than 100 Years, Look… The Lives, When You Think About it!’ 
 The Losers and Suckers work for the Atlantic. They are colluding w the socialists to stop Trump. The more the swamp and t…
Great Alan. They are Fake News! 
 No journalist has ever asked Barack Hussein Obama to explain how the Trump campaign was spied on and General Flynn was…
 Breaking: Flynn case bombshell: FBI analysts bought insurance fearing they’d be sued for misconduct | Just The News ht…
 Barack Obama spied on Trump, framed Flynn, and sabotaged the their transition--but the media is lecturing Trump.
 In light of yesterday's document release: Strzok ordered Barnett to close the Flynn case but 20 minutes after closing do…
 The FBI framed Gen Flynn and Obama ordered it...PERIOD!Bigger than Watergate! O Bama GATE GATE!   lead to.... h…
 Clinton-Funded Russian Disinformation Drove The Witch Hunt Against Trump 
 Returning now from a very productive weekend at Camp David with and a few of my colleagues. Th…
 Breaking: Florida hospital admits its COVID positivity rate is 10x lower than first reported | Just The News 
96-0 in the United States Senate. Congratulations AMERICA!
  ;  during a wreath laying ceremony arrive at Saint John Paul II National Shrine in Washington,…
Just had a great  Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you!   
 Thanks for another powerful Police endorsement! DEFENDS the police. Biden DEFUNDS the police.Presid…
 My response to the horrible lies from anonymous “sources” in the Atlantic: 
 Thanks to economic policies and leadership, America added 1.4 million jobs last month! The United St…
 More Russia Spygate Indictments Coming ‘This Week’ 

 Schumer’s Pathetic Attempt to Chastise Trump Backfires 
 Footnotes from IG Report Soon To Be Declassified; Show FBI Gave ‘False Picture’ in Briefing Materials to Congress 
 New Evidence Confirms That The Russia Probe Against Was A “Witch Hunt” 
I will be doing a News Conference live from the at 5:00 P.M. (Eastern) to discuss the mtg of the G20 Leaders that took place this morning at 7:55 A.M. by World Teleconference. Also, my 12:00 P.M. Teleconference call w/50 Governors, plus Territories, will be discussed.
They, and the Lamestream Media (including Jake), have spent 3 1/2 years illegally smearing me. They got caught! 
A GREAT WIN! 
Caught! 
GOD BLESS THE USA! 
 The Atlantic story on is total BS. I was actually there and one of the people part of the discussion -…
 These were some of the moments I witnessed the President show his heart and demonstrate how much he respects the selfles…
Just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. On my way now, see everyone shortly!  
 Does Google have Hillary Clinton’s Bleach Bit Emails? 
I think that is a great compliment. Thank you James! 
Congratulations to on a big win against a tough and really good opponent. Ronny will be a fantastic Congressman - Will represent the wonderful people of the Great State of Texas, and the USA, very well. Proud of you Ronny!!!
 Even though we’re apart, we can come together.  
 LIVE: POTUS delivers remarks on Farmers to Families Food Box Program 
Nasty! 
 THANK YOU!  
 The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to magazine under my watch. It will continue…
 
Watch tonight on He covers the Russia Hoax and all of the other criminality that came from the Obama Administration They got caught! A repeat later in evening. Really something.
 Wow, just called! - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incre…
 Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine. 
Nice flag! 
Will be going out in 10 minutes for the press conference.
This Witch Hunt should never have begun! 
 "At a time when millions of American workers and families are struggling with the financial consequences of the virus, it's…
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 Obama’s FBI did not break rules or policies. They broke laws. They did not make mistakes.They committed crimes.
 Trump is only separator between Democrats, anarchy: Rep. Vernon Jones 
 No mistake about it has a record of failing this country.  He may not remember, but voters will! 
Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via
 We are living a GREAT AMERICAN STORY—only because you are in it, President time I think of you,…
Unfair! 
 It’s been four days since the Paycheck Protection Program ran dry. Republicans have been trying to fund this job-saving p…
100% correct! 
“Joe Biden has made a lot of promises - and not gotten a lot done.”  That is the understatement of the year!!!
Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!
 Thank you to the American People for continuing to practice social distancing. By staying home, you are saving lives. htt…
Thank you Matt! 
 Fox News' John Roberts says two people he spoke with refuted the false Atlantic magazine story.  h…
So true! 
Our great Oil ; Gas industry is under under seige after having one of the best years in recorded history. It will get better than ever as soon as our Country starts up again. Vital that it does for our National Security!
 Our farmers and ranchers are instrumental to Oklahoma’s economy and they’ve been hit hard by  This funding will bri…
Great job Peter! 
Has anybody seen or reviewed the written “pact” between Bernie Sanders ; Sleepy Joe. It is further left than even Bernie had in mind. Open Borders, crime, really bad to cops and military - The guaranteed destruction of America. Joe never told us this. Never been so CLEAR!!!
 More  highlights:4th straight month of 1m + jobs added2nd largest drop ever in unemployment for wo…
 WATCH: Republican National Convention - Night 1: Land of Promise  
 “Trump received 28% of the Hispanic vote four years ago. But a fresh national  pegged the president’s supp…
Good work Ted! 
 In light of the attack from the Invisible Enemy, as well as the need to protect the jobs of our GREAT American Citizen…
  will be a tremendous fighter for the U.S. and the State of California. An Annapolis graduate, he serv…
 ...He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Turn your Ball…
Enjoy the campaign Joe! 
 is doing GREAT. The Radical Left smear machine backfired, people are buying like crazy!
The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN! 
Section 230! 
Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!

 ....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and…
88 and 2 (really 1) in ENDORSEMENTS this election cycle, and was critical. Has anyone ever done so well? I doubt it! Steve D.
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 
 Drew Brees did more for Black Americans after Hurricane Katrina than Obama ever did in 8 years as President of the Unite…
Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! 
Will be interviewed on at 9:10 P.M.
 Tom Tiffany  is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress…
Just finished a very good conversation with President Xi of China. Discussed in great detail the CoronaVirus that is ravaging large parts of our Planet. China has been through much ; has developed a strong understanding of the Virus. We are working closely together. Much respect!
96% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, ; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, ; have four great years!
You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge..
Great Book. Make Charlie Number One Again! 

Watched the first 5 minutes of poorly rated Morning Psycho on MSDNC just to see if he is as “nuts” as people are saying. He’s worse. Such hatred and contempt! I used to do his show all the time before the 2016 election, then cut him off. Wasn’t worth the effort, his mind is shot!
...; costly. Workers ; small businesses need money now in order to survive. Virus wasn’t their fault. It is “HELL” dealing with the Dems, had to give up some stupid things in order to get the “big picture” done. 90% GREAT! WIN BACK HOUSE, but throw Massie out of Republican Party!
Great News on Vaccines!
 Congratulations to President Trump for going 64-0 on federal primary endorsement victories this cycle. ZERO losses!P…
 Sorry liberals! How to be Anti-White 101 is permanently cancelled! 

It is amazing that I became President of the United States with such a totally corrupt and dishonest Lamestream Media going after me all day, and all night. Either I’m really good, far better than the Fake News wants to admit, or they don’t have nearly the power as once thought!
Looks like a third rate Grandstander named a Congressman from, unfortunately, a truly GREAT State, Kentucky, wants to vote against the new Save Our Workers Bill in Congress. He just wants the publicity. He can’t stop it, only delay, which is both dangerous......
Wow. The is under siege. The real reason is that it has become Fake News. They never covered me correctly - they blew it. People are fleeing, a total mess!
 The days of taxpayer funded indoctrination trainings that sow division and racism are over. Under the direction of
 Let me get this straight:Nancy Pelosi won’t let Congress get back to work because of a lack of social distancing...Y…

I’ve had great “ratings” my whole life, there’s nothing unusual about that for me. The White House News Conference ratings are “through the roof”(Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale , but I don’t care about that. I care about going around the Fake News to the PEOPLE!
By empowering the Radical Left Democrats, do nothing Kentucky politician is making their War on the 2nd Amendment more and more difficult to win (But don’t worry, we will win anyway!). He is a disaster for America, and for the Great State of Kentucky!
The Biden-Sanders unity plan takes a sledgehammer to charter schools, punishing students for their zip codes. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!

 Fact:Four police officers were shot in St. Louis on TuesdayAnd every single rioter and looter who destroyed the city…
 Captain David Dorn was murdered by looters early Tuesday morningHe was a retired, 77 year-old black police officer gua…
 Obama will go down as one of the worst Presidents in American history.
Interesting! 
 The President and his Administration are fully committed to the fair and equal treatment of all individuals in the Unit…
 On Tuesday, I called on the President to abolish critical race theory in the federal government. Tonight, he delivered.…
 Please also make sure you have all the information you need to vote. Share this with friends, family…
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! This must also mean that, most importantly, we are doing a good (great) job in the handling of the Pandemic.
Thank you Byron. Many polls are much better than this. If it is the Fake News add 10 points! 
Joe Biden and the Radical Left want to Abolish Police, Abolish ICE, Abolish Bail, Abolish Suburbs, Abolish the 2nd Amendment – and Abolish the American Way of Life. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!
 Did you know:Over 400 violent looters arrested in New York City are set to be immediately let back out on the streets…


 NEW: Trump to go to war with "critical race theory," demands federal agencies identify and then strip funding for traini…
We will never let the great U.S. Oil ; Gas Industry down. I have instructed the Secretary of Energy and Secretary of the Treasury to formulate a plan which will make funds available so that these very important companies and jobs will be secured long into the future!
As usual with “this” General Motors, things just never seem to work out. They said they were going to give us 40,000 much needed Ventilators, “very quickly”. Now they are saying it will only be 6000, in late April, and they want top dollar. Always a mess with Mary B. Invoke “P”.
 Joe Biden—44 years in officeChuck Schumer—39 years in officeNancy Pelosi—33 years in officeMaxine Waters—29 years…
 🔥 Trump’s administration cracks down on racist teachings in various executive branch agencies: “divisive, false, and deme…
 Breaking: President orders defunding of 'un-American propaganda' teaching white privilege and critical race…
Three individuals were sentenced to death in Iran for participating in protests. The execution is expected momentarily. Executing these three people sends a terrible signal to the world and should not be done! 


General Motors MUST immediately open their stupidly abandoned Lordstown plant in Ohio, or some other plant, and STA MAKING VENTILATORS, NOW!!!!!!  FORD, GET GOING ON VENTILATORS, FAST!!!!!!  
 The States need to step up their own testing and take responsibility and if they can't, perhaps the pol…
سه نفر در ایران برای شرکت کردن در تظاهرات محکوم به مرگ شده اند. اعدام آنها در هر لحظه قابل انتظار است. اعدام این سه نفر پیامی اسفناک به دنیا می فرستد و نباید انجام شود. 
 BREAKING: Trump Bans Federal Money From Funding Far-Left Anti-American ‘Critical Race Theory’  ht…
 We are in the home stretch. Biden is getting Billions$ from Soros ; others. President Trump relies on…
 If "White Privilege" existed, why did Elizabeth Warren have to lie about being a Native American to get ahead in life?🤔
 Did you know:Race discrimination charges filed with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission just reached 25-year h…
 Yet another very important difference between  and   Thank you mr president for understandin…



Invoke “P” means Defense Production Act!
 How apropos that the Witch is behind the Witch Hunt.
Thank you 
 Attorney General Bill Barr explains the latest actions taken to disrupt and dismantle MS-13 leadership and operations. 
 The Trump Administration is fighting for safety, security, and rule of law."In the last three years, has deported…
 The tides are finally turning against critical race theory
No. Roger was a victim of a corrupt and illegal Witch Hunt, one which will go down as the greatest political crime in history. He can sleep well at night! 
 Trump is banning Critical Race Theory in the federal government. No more of this garbage, especially not on taxpayer dollars.
 President "We've just concluded a historic operation leading to the arrest and indictment of dozens of sa…
 "In New York and Nevada, 21 MS-13 members and leaders have been indicted on charges including murder, kidnapping, and drug…


We have just purchased many Ventilators from some wonderful companies. Names and numbers will be announced later today!
....to State/Local Governments for lost revenues from COVID 19, much needed Infrastructure Investments for Bridges, Tunnels, Broadband, Tax Incentives for Restaurants, Entertainment, Sports, and Payroll Tax Cuts to increase Economic Growth.
 LIVE: President delivers remarks on infrastructure 
So many people hurt! 
Just departed the White House for Minnesota!  
 Bravo! Trump Bans Federal Money From Funding Far-Left Anti-American ‘Critical Race Theory’  
 WHITE HOUSE: "The divisive, false, and demeaning propaganda of the critical race theory movement is contrary to all we sta…



Will someone please explain to the Fake News New York Times (ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT) that the Democrats make it almost impossible for us to fill positions within government. They “maximum” delay even the best candidates, including Judges, leaving little time!
I urge the Senate and House to pass the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act with additional funding for PPP, Hospitals, and Testing. After I sign this Bill, we will begin discussions on the next Legislative Initiative with fiscal relief....
 WOW. has ordered all federal agencies to “cease and desist” any government training programs that include an…
 Thoughtful piece on the impact not returning to school this fall will have on the children of our nation.
How are they doing together? 
Thank you to for this evenings opening prayer. 
 Thanks to America is no longer leading from behind.With the  we are now putting American workers…
Thousand of Federal Government (delivered) Ventilators found in New York storage. N.Y. must distribute NOW!
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
 On the  is joined by Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman to discuss what he…
 Trump Tells Federal Government to Stop Anti-American Training on Critical Race Theory!You're welcome, America. 

 Thank you for having me on your show 
Mueller should have never been appointed, although he did prove that I must be the most honest man in America! 
 Joe Biden refuses to answer questions on whether or not he would pack the Supreme Court 




Never knew John Kerry had such a good sense of humor! Very impressed! 
Great new book just out by the Former Director of Ice, Tom Homan: “Defend the Border and Save Lives: Solving Our Most Important Humanitarian and Security Crisis.” Great guy, get your copy today! 
 Even if you are partisan Democrat, even if you are alarmed by developments in Fla, Tx, and Az, even if you oppose re-opening…

 FOR THE DEMOCRATS WHO KEEP TALKING ABOUT “ABUSE OF POWER” THIS IS WHAT IT ACTUALLY LOOKS LIKE!
True! 
 YESSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!! Look what you did
 Seriously this is so incredibly important. As an I/O psychologist, I’ve seen the results of these trainings. Not only are th…

 Huge thanks to Together with the White House, ; Apple launched a COVID19 screening tool that guides…
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
 48 YEARS -- Joe Biden had "48 years to do what he wanted to do. If you somehow think that he's going to b…
 PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! 
 Thanks you for stating the facts on this one:  
Not any more! 
 Today  arrived to serve as a referral hospital for patients not infected with  - handling overflow…
 The bill passed in the Senate today will provide an additional $310 billion for the Paycheck Protection Program! 
 In ‘08, it took over 2 months to make 800k payments to Americans.Today, announced it made 159 MILLION Economic…
 This Mazie Hirono faceplant is epic. She thinks she’s going to hit Trump but gets Rosenstein to admit that obstruction was a…
 A NY Times columnist quits in disgust at what an organ of enforced orthodoxy the paper’s editorial pages have become. Read ev…
Great job one of a kind!

 ”The New York Metropolitan area has been the epicenter of the outbreak here in America and the Federal government has spare…
 Earlier today, President met with Governor Cuomo to discuss his statewide testing strategy. 
Will be signing the CARE Act in the Oval Office today at 4:00 P.M. Eastern! 
 Pres announces major breakthrough toward normalization of economic relations between Kosovo and Serbia. Calls it a first s…
The Fake Newspaper! 
 Joe China. 
 Possible the most accurate review of my podcast I’ve ever seen. Lol 👇🏻👇🏻 
...be on the way, and Americans want safe streets and communities!


 President Trump: "I want Harvard to pay the money back, okay? If they won't do that, then we won't do something else." 
I am pleased to announce that Bill Stepien has been promoted to the role of Trump Campaign Manager. Brad Parscale, who has been with me for a very long time and has led our tremendous digital and data strategies, will remain in that role, while being a Senior Advisor to the...
...campaign. Both were heavily involved in our historic 2016 win, and I look forward to having a big and very important second win together. This one should be a lot easier as our poll numbers are rising fast, the economy is getting better, vaccines and therapeutics will soon...
It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House!  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW ; ORDER!


Thank you to Rachel for putting our Military on full display, and showing how GREAT a job the Federal Government is doing! Also, a special thanks to General Semonite, a Patriot of the highest order and a truly talented engineer and builder! 
 Serbia and Kosovo announce that they have normalized economic ties as part of U.S.-brokered discussions that also include Serbia mo…
 President Next year’s economy will be phenomenal, unless Joe Biden wins and raises everybody’s taxes 
Harvard should give back the money now. Their whole “endowment” system should be looked at! 

THANK YOU and their 241,000 brave law enforcement members for a FULL ; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! I will ALWAYS back the men and women in blue, and never let you down. LAW AND ORDER will prevail!  
News conference live from the today. 5:30 P.M. Eastern!
 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
 LIVE: President Trump delivers remarks on rolling back regulations 
 LIVE: “These things could only happen under a Trump administration … it’s happened in the Balkans, it’s happened in the Midd…
Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!
If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died! 


Disgraceful! 
I just signed the CARES Act, the single biggest economic relief package in American History – twice as large as any relief bill ever enacted. At $2.2 Trillion Dollars, this bill will deliver urgently-needed relief for our nation’s families, workers, and businesses.  
 BRILLIANT, A MUST WATCH! 

 Probably the only thing Barack Obama ; I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’…
 For every new regulation added, nearly EIGHT have been cut! 
 "We’re here today to celebrate and expand our historic campaign to rescue American workers from job-killing regulations." h…
Thank you! 

 🚨 Help is on the way. 🚨President just SIGNED the Coronavirus Aid, Relief ; Economic Security Act into law…
Another one of many Fake T.V. Ads, this one about the Tennessee Valley Authority, which for years has paid its top executive a ridiculous FOUNE. Not run by the U.S., but I have long been fighting that crazy “salary” ; its polices. Strange ad paid for (?) by “U.S. Tech Workers”.
 With Excess National Supply, Exchanges Will Allow U.S. Hospitals to Continue Meeting Ventilator Demand via
 Had a great meeting w/ today to discuss the ongoing response to COVID-19. Grateful for the p…
 If you watch Fake News or MSDNC, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hood…
 ...His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, a…

Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!
17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE!  
We are marshalling the full power of government and society to achieve victory over the virus. Together, we will endure, we will prevail, and we will WIN!  
 “Memorandum on Providing Continued Federal Support for Governors’ Use of the National Guard to Respond to COVID-19 and to Fa…
Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW ; ORDER!
...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!
 Flying high above President Trump’s  in Janesville, Wisconsin tonight!    
 POTUS still going in Janesville, Wisconsin!!  
 HANNITY: Hate and Hysteria at the New York Times 
 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!


 Can't say enough wonderful things about - one of the few conservatives in cable television. She's a great pat…
“Economic impact of Covid-19.” Very interesting analysis. Light at the end of the tunnel. Thank you!
 LAW ; ORDER!


Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities...
Wish I could join you, but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you!  
If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE  
 WEST COAST CHAOS: DHS Chief Says Portland Officials ‘Enabling Mob’ and ‘Violent Anarchists’ 
 Where Is Hunter? 
 DELUSIONAL DE BLASIO: Mayor Says NYC ‘Safer and Better’ With ‘Fewer People in Our Jails’ 
 The Democrats, and their media sycophants, absolutely KNOW Biden is an active national security threat to the US. They just…
I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 

I will be signing my Executive Order prohibiting immigration into our Country today. In the meantime, even without this order, our Southern Border, aided substantially by the 170 miles of new Border Wall ; 27,000 Mexican soldiers, is very tight - including for human trafficking!
Please let this serve as my Complete and Total Endorsement of a great fighter and ally in North Carolina, She is strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets ; 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. EARLY VOTING STAS TODAY. We need Lynda Bennett! 

 ‘ANTI-AMERICAN REMARKS’: GOP Resolution Slams Omar, Says Lawmaker Advocating ‘Marxist’ Government 
 FOX Business Network Fires for Telling the Truth About How Liberal Media Was Using Coronavirus to Take Down Trump -…


....I will never stop working to secure the release of all Americans held hostage overseas! Thank you Switzerland for your great assistance.
I am to happy announce that Navy Veteran, Michael White, who has been detained by Iran for 683 days, is on a Swiss plane that just left Iranian Airspace. We expect him to be home with his family in America very soon....
Happy Birthday to the great Cindy Adams of the New York Post. Cindy is 90, but looks 39 to me. She is going strong!

THANK YOU  
 How is that any different than what Hannity has said?Neither said anything wrong. They did not call Coronavirus a Hoax or Scam,…
Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI, WI, and PA  via The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!
This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country! 

 REPO: California to Release 18,000 Prisoners to Protect ‘Health and Safety of Incarcerated Population’ 
States are safely coming back. Our Country is starting to OPEN FOR BUSINESS again. Special care is, and always will be, given to our beloved seniors (except me!). Their lives will be better than ever...WE LOVE YOU ALL!
 This hasn’t received enough coverage: has an undefeated record of candidate endorsements this cycle.
 TRUMP: “The Media and Governors should appreciate it.. When they’re not appreciative of me, they are not appreciative to the Army…

 NEWSOM SUED: Churches Accuse Governor of Double Standard by Restricting Services, Allowing Protests 
 MAYOR MELTDOWN: De Blasio Accuses NYPD Union of ‘Fomenting Hatred’ in New York City 
 REPO: Ilhan Omar Paid New Husband’s Firm $1 MILLION for 2020 Election Cycle 
 If you still can't figure out why the American public doesn't trust the media... just rewatch Chris Wallace's performa…
 BIDEN tonight: “The Green New Deal is not my plan.” BIDEN website: “Biden believes the Green New Deal is a crucial framework…”…

She is a third rate reporter who has nothing going. A Fake News “journalist”. 
I have instructed the United States Navy to shoot down and destroy any and all Iranian gunboats if they harass our ships at sea.
Very appreciative that covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!
The Radical Left Democrats new theme is “Defund the Police”. Remember that when you don’t want Crime, especially against you and your family. This is where Sleepy Joe is being dragged by the socialists. I am the complete opposite, more money for Law Enforcement! 
 “Joe Biden will smile in your face and stab you in the back...Deceiving and lying to the American people.”America wants a…
 TRUMP: ‘Joe Biden Wants to Abolish Police, ICE, Bail, Suburbs, 2nd Amendment, American Way of Life’ 
I love Michigan, one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor, Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her ahead, she doesn’t have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude! 
Should be arrested on the spot! 
For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent ; missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!
...to the UNITED STATES! We have now brought more than 40 American hostages and detainees back home since I took office. Thank you to Iran, it shows a deal is possible!
 Another one of many Fake T.V. Ads, this one about the Tennessee Valley Authority, which for years has paid its top exe…
 I admit it -- I laughed.
I love Michigan, one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor, Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her head, she doesn’t have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude! 
Another FALSE ad by the Do Nothing Democrats. Almost all of their ads are False or Misleading, and the Fake News loves it! 
 Anyone who personally knew Elvis will tell you that he absolutely loved the black community and the black community loved…
 This morning I have asked the Department of Justice to open a civil rights investigation into the St Louis Circuit Attorneys…
 They are eaten alive by hate for our President ; his voters! They care more about illegal immigrants than…
YOU DON’T BURN CHURCHES IN AMERICA!
I just got off the phone with former American hostage Michael White, who is now in Zurich after being released from Iran. He will be on a U.S. plane shortly, and is COMING HOME...
...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, ; Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!
Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPOS...
 Today, Director of National Intelligence John Ratcliffe declassified a Russian intelligence assessment that was previously re…
 Tonight, Joe Biden made it clear that if he’s elected he’s prepared to perpetually lockdown the American people, shut the…
 Answering the call, it's what we do.  Arrives in Los Angeles in  response -  
CDC Director was totally misquoted by Fake News on Covid 19. He will be putting out a statement.
I thought this letter from respected retired Marine and Super Star lawyer, John Dowd, would be of interest to the American People. Read it! 
Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
 New ad by the Biden camp suggesting President Trump will deplete Social Security by 2023, receives four Pinocchios from WAPO…
 Stanford Doctor Scott Atlas Says The Science Shows Kids Should Go Back To School 
I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!
 "My Administration is actively planning the next phase in an all-out war against this horrible virus." 
 
 LATAM FOR TRUMP pays tribute to President , the best story in the US. On November 3, history is ours an…
...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request.
We again request Kate Brown  the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago...
...Michael is Tough, Smart, and Loves our Country. This has been a big battle in Congress for 25 years. Thank you to our Great Republican Senate!
Congratulations to Michael Pack! Nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for America. Why? Because he is going to be running the VOICE OF AMERICA  and everything associated with it...
 BOUND FOR A BREAKUP?—  AG Barr said today that the U.S. has become overly reliant on Chinese goods and services, including…

 LIVE: POTUS ; FLOTUS Participate in Tree Planting Ceremony 
The problem is not the very talented, low-flying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city, the problem is the arsonists, looters, criminals, and anarchists, wanting to destroy it (and our Country)!
 Should Germany choose to ban Huawei in the autumn, a corner will have been turned. America will have used its might to hu…
 Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via  This is…
 Texans should heed guidance from local officials as  approaches.Local mandatory evacuations: Jefferson Coun…
 Deadly storm surge will accompany  in some areas along the coast.  Residents of the Upper  coastlines shou…
 Regardless who you’re pulling for, I think we can all agree that Joe Rogan would do a much better job moderating this thing t…
 Rigged Election!
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!  

“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 

 

The American people want LAW ; ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!


 Tonight, the American people witnessed President Trump deliver a strong, focused debate performance—a stark contrast from…
 Chris Wallace owes and the American People an apology after the way he conducted himself tonight!
 Chris Wallace personified why the American public at large distrust the media.
 Trump won the presidency because he is not a politician. He is a fighter for the American people.And that is why he…

I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:45 P.M. Thank you!

 Hurricane  is moving quickly.  Be sure to follow for the latest updates ; heed instructions from your local o…
...in my inner-circle, was totally exhausted by the job, and in the end just slinked away into obscurity. They all want to come back for a piece of the limelight!
John Kelly didn’t know I was going to fire James Mattis, nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation. Why would I tell him, he was not...
 Oxford's coronavirus vaccine is reported to have shown promising results after the team discovered the jab could provide "doub…
 CAVUTO IS AN IDIOT. THIS DRUG DOES NOT KILL PEOPLE - Neil Cavuto Stunned by Trump Taking Hydroxychloroquine: ‘It Will Kill…
 Joe was impressive saying:"There's nothing we can do when we work together."😳
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
The problem with asking for someone to give you a letter of resignation, which you do as a courtesy to help them save face, is that it is then harder to say you fired them. I did fire James Mattis. He was no good for Obama, who fired him also, and was no good for me!
THANK YOU to the 5 million members of the for once again entrusting me with your FULL ; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! As long as I am President, I will ALWAYS protect our Great Second Amendment, and never let the Radical Left take away your Rights, your Guns, or your Police! 
 Heads up! Today is the last day to prepare for Hurricane  Evacuation zones are based on potential storm surge. If an evacua…
 There is no responsible way to minimize the significant damage that fake news presents to American society. They are indeed…
 Black Lives Matter in Dallas is marching to the jailhouse for the BLM attacker in this video. He is allegedly being held…

“Police Groups Break With Biden” His handlers want him to “Defund the Police.” I want more money for Law Enforcement!
  We now have many Ventilators to spare. Thank you to all! 
In addition to nearly $8 billion that Treasury provided tribal communities, is releasing an additional $25 million in  funding today to respond to the CoronaVirus with improved housing, indoor air quality, and food pantry support.
80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!
 Big news!A Maine court sided with the RNC and upheld the: *Ban on ballot harvesting*Voter ID requirements*Election…
....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!
....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will..
 Finally able to share!I’m excited to announce that my new podcast THE CHARLIE KIRK SHOW launches this Wednesday exclus…
....Tax Returns. She’s a mess! Many books have been written about me, some good, some bad. Both happily and sadly, there will be more to come!
....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump, a seldom seen niece who knows little about me, says untruthful things about my wonderful parents (who couldn’t stand her!) and me, and violated her NDA. She also broke the Law by givng out my....
...Unrelated, I gave Alaska ANWR, major highways, and more. Get any candidate ready, good or bad, I don’t care, I’m endorsing. If you have a pulse, I’m with you!
Few people know where they’ll be in two years from now, but I do, in the Great State of Alaska (which I love) campaigning against Senator Lisa Murkowski. She voted against HealthCare, Justice Kavanaugh, and much else...
 President is suspending new immigrant visas to put American communities and workers FIRST as we move towar…
Thank you to Harvard and all others! 
 Joe Biden will raise taxes on people making under $400,000. You do not want to believe that?Watch Biden say it himself…
 Navarro: "Melania Trump is the Jackie Kennedy of her time"  
Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, ; gotten nothing but poverty ; crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power ; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PAY. She works sooo hard....
 Joe Biden was the most corrupt Vice President in American history.
 We knocked on thousands of doors for Trump in North Carolina today with Biden has no ground game. The Pr…
I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton, a war mongering fool, violating the law (he released massive amounts of Classified Information) and an NDA in order to build badly needed credibility and make a few dollars, which
Sleepy Joe Biden’s 1994 Crime Bill was a total disaster. It was mass incarceration for Black people, many of them innocent. I did Criminal Justice Reform, something Obama ; Biden didn’t even try to do - ; couldn’t do even if they did try. Biden can never escape his Crime Bill!
 President announced that the ; will be performing air shows across America in t…
 President just signed a proclamation temporarily suspending immigration into the United States.This will…
 All the lockdowns must end immediately.
Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!
 Biden has repeatedly failed to answer legitimate questions that American voters should know the answers to before voting…
 You cleaned his clock. Full stop. The American ppl give a damn about 2 things right now: leftist viole…
 The American people didn’t elect to play nice guy.
 It's literal insanity watching the lamestream media pretend there are no issues with universal vote by mail.Ballots ar…
“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.” 

Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA.
Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!
Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police. He may use different words, but when you look at his pact with Crazy Bernie, and other things, that’s what he wants to do. It would destroy America!
A must watch! 
 Harvard University says President is RIGHT that it would not have been appropriate for them to receive fund…
We did it once, we will quickly do it a second time! 
Thank you Duluth, Minnesota! 
 Love seeing Judge Barrett's kids in the front row. A big and diverse family!
 I see more Trump signs than Biden signs in California.

 
 
 OMG! WTH! Can you imagine  being He can’t answer a simple question or make a simple statement even with…
Please study this closely. We saved many lives with our fast action on CoronaVirus! 

Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS ; HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!! 
Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!
Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW ; ORDER! There go the Suburbs.
 Do not be fooled, America: Joe Biden is a Trojan horse for the far-left, radical socialist democrat party. 
So great to have Michael home. Just arrived. Very exciting. Thank you to Iran. Don’t wait until after U.S. Election to make the Big deal. I’m going to win. You’ll make a better deal now! 
 It is amazing that I became President of the United States with such a totally corrupt and dishonest Lamestream Media…
The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN! 
 Joe Biden likes to say “No miracle is coming.”  But it’s not a miracle.It’s SCIENCE.And thankfully we have a president w…




 𝐁𝐫𝐚𝐧𝐝𝐨𝐧 𝐉𝐮𝐝𝐝: In Joe Biden’s America, would-be immigrants, including women ; children, will be encouraged to put themselve…
 "Mr. Biden is promising to delete the jobs of millions of Americans—at a time of soaring unemployment."He's also pledgi…
 The radical Biden/Bernie Sanders climate plan would crush unions and kill middle-class American jobs. Washington Examiner:…

 My bipartisan bill increasing flexibility for the  is on its way to desk.  This is about relief for…
 A  enabled a woman-owned  in   to rehire all its employees ; offer free house cleaning s…
 Listen.Learn.Heal.America: Let's stand together. Let's do better. 
 Conference Chairman nation needs to listen to the voices of African Americans about police brutality.…
 We are in a stunningly bizarre situation where we have a candidate who was the vice president of an administration which 6…
 The Governor is understating the success of his policies. Hospitalizations are at 4,203, the lowest it’s been since Ju…
 Sen. Cruz to Comey: "You were deliberately corrupt or woefully incompetent, and I don't believe you were incompetent."
Fully signed and ready to go! 
 President Trump – you're a staunch defender of the Second Amendment, and we are proud to endorse you for a second term. NRA's po…
 You got it. Again.
 Great to see complete another successful launch from Space Center in  tonight. Sen Ru…
 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! This must also mean that, most importantly, we are doing a goo…
100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!
 WATCH: Republican National Convention - Night 2: Land of Opportunity  
Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded! 


 We are back. 🇺🇸


Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?
 BREAKING NEWS: Endorses President for Reelection 
 ⚡ LIVE NOW: Tune in to hear from Senate Republican Leadership as they answer questions from the press. ⬇️ 
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:45 P.M. Thank you!
 A great nation because of great people. I’m proud to stand with and to work for YOU.  🇺🇸 
 MY LATEST Op-Ed ⁦⁦ Plagiarism Is a Danger to America 
 Ruthless!

 I spoke to many local law enforcement leaders today. They’re working hard to protect peaceful protestors and our communit…
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 

Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!
 I know there's no connection between this op-ed and WaPo taking $4.6 million from Chinese foreign agent China Daily for pa…
 
 
I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!
 🚨 New Bombshell Video reveals the one thing that could ruin Senate career…   
 From The PPP was designed to help small businesses bridge short-term shutdowns. It isn’t suited to long-term suspensi…
 Information about the  and how to protect yourself can be found ⬇️
 You do not advance peace by committing assault. You do not advance justice by inflicting injustice upon your neighbors.…
....Bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman Bill Johnson  is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Ohio! He’s a proud Veteran and a hard worker who Cares for our Veterans, Supports Small Business, and is Strong on the Border and Second Amendment....

 Peaceful protestors in SE Portland this evening...
Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?
 In response to the violence that played out over the weekend in cities across the country... 
Congressman Warren Davidson  is working very hard for the people of Ohio! He’s a strong supporter of our Military, Vets, Second Amendment, and  Agenda. Warren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 Joe Biden raised his hand in support of giving illegal immigrants free health care ; making hardworking Americans pay for it.…

 
These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
THANK YOU!  
 Moving forward with getting the truth for the American people.
....He’s 100% pro-life, strong on  and Loves our Military and Vets. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negoti…
 Congrats well done!!!

We just landed Wisconsin a massive Navy shipbuilding contract. Beautiful designs! 
Congressman John Curtis  gets things done for Utah! John fights for Small Businesses, will Lower your Taxes, and will protect your Second Amendment. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Chris Stewart  is a tremendous fighter for Utah. He served our Country in the U.S. Air Force, and has been a strong supporter of our  Agenda....
Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski ; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via Great book. Order now!
 Lincoln Project co-founder John Weaver registered as a foreign agent of Russia last year.
 Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW ; ORDER!

 Back from the dead 
 My committee is focused on  but there’s no reason we can’t continue to seek the truth for the American people. Do…
 Before we talk about another round of spending in response to  let's analyze what we've already done and wh…
 Wisconsin is proud of its rich shipbuilding ; maritime history.  Bordered on 3 sides by commercially navigable waterways…
....My co-chair in Utah and a really great guy. Sean has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
 Corrupt Comey conveniently claims no memory of parts of FBI’s Trump-Russia ‘collusion’ probe 
Lunacy! 

 Vice President rips Joe Biden’s economic plan: “The last thing this recovery needs is more taxes, more regulatio…
  Chairman, Senate Homeland Security Committee joins as his committee just voted to…
 My committee just wants to get to the truth. The vast majority of our work is  This subpoena didn't have to be…
 Who is Blue Star Strategies and why did we need this subpoena vote today? The American people have a right to know. They…
 Democrats are having a hissy fit over a subpoena that should be no big deal. We're just trying to get to the truth about…
Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes  is a fighter and hard worker for the Great State of Utah. He is a big supporter of our  Agenda – Strong on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Loves our Law Enforcement....
Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!

 
Congressman is doing a tremendous job for the People of Ohio! He’s a proud Veteran and is Strong on the Border, Tough on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Supports Small Business. Brad has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
 Gracias a VARA y nuestros amigos venezolanos por reunir hoy sobre  Juntos, vamos a re-elegir el Presi…
 I am saddened to hear about the death of former football coach Pat Dye. He will be long remembered throughout the s…
 WATCH: Making the Case with  Text TRUMP to 88022 
 This mama knows.   

 BLOOMBERG’S BIG POCKETS: Florida AG requests FBI probe into ex-con donations 

 
 Breaking: Senate report slams Bidens for conflicts of interest, flags possible criminal activity. GOP-led investigatio…
 I am proud of our Mississippi National Guardsmen for their work to support safety in our nation’s capital and to protect…
 On this Third of June, we fondly remember when Bobbie Gentry’s first record became a sensation. The song brings back the…
 The Paycheck Protection Program has been a core element of our federal response to the  outbreak. The legisl…
 With hard work and strong action, our economy will recover from the  pandemic. President
 It's of the utmost importance that Alabamians have access to the best resources to help fight this pandemic ; receive proper…
Congressman is doing a GREAT job for the People of Ohio! He will always Protect your  Defend our Borders, and Support Small Business – a great supporter of the  Agenda. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 America v Socialism

 Americans across the country have zero confidence in Biden’s ability to handle the economy.That’s why families like Janell…
  Coronavirus Food Assistance Program is already getting payments out to Nebraska ag producers.Here’s an updat…
 Our state’s guardsmen will be partners to local law enforcement as they work to prevent further injury, damage, or destr…
Congressman is a strong supporter and fighter for the People of Ohio! He will help us  He’s Strong on the Border, Tough on Crime, will Protect our Vets, and our GREAT Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 Michael Moore Chastises Biden For Only Visiting ‘White Michigan,’ Avoiding ‘Black Michigan’ 

 “Yes, absolutely!” says Joe Biden - and the media wants to let him off the hook!

 Yikes!! Stay ‘till the end!  
 We're accepting applications now through Aug. 28, 2020 for our Coronavirus Food Assistance Program. Farmers ; ranchers can apply…
 Yesterday the Senate passed legislation to make the  even more flexible for the nearly 29,000 I…
 I cannot think of a better way to celebrate Beef Month than by eating a burger today for  and sen…
Congressman Bill Posey is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Florida. He is a big supporter of our  Agenda – Strong on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Loves our Veterans and Law Enforcement. Bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
 I’m no political expert, but the Democrat strategy of effectively legalizing violent crime before a national election s…
A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, ; Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!

 Congratulations to the winners of the C-SPAN competition from Mountain View HS and Compass Academy! Great wor…
  has drastically affected  students, forcing them to complete the school year from home. This was especially…
Congressman is doing a terrific job for the People of Ohio! He defends our Borders, Supports our Veterans, Strong on Crime, and the Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
 Thousands of Americans died and even more came home wounded because career politicians like Joe Biden voted to send the…
Great job Tammy! 

Thank you! 
Great going Brad! 
Governor is a tremendous fighter for the incredible people of West Virginia. Big Jim is strong on Life, the Second Amendment, and Building the Wall! With Governors like Jim, America will recover and get back to business. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
 The onslaught continues.  Andrew Sullivan is out at NY Mag and Vox.  There is now a concerted c…
 American citizens just held a march for Trump in Jerusalem from the Embassy to the Old City 
 “Peaceful Riots” “Peaceful Looting” and “Peaceful Arson”

 Our nation needs more  professionals. Congratulations to the three teams of coders from Skyline HS, Centennial HS,…
 President ; the entire Admin are pleased at the passage of the Paycheck Protection Program in the House. I…
Disgraceful. Should join the Republican Party! 

 Kudos to the Trump administration who are working hard to get a vaccine and also to Rob Luna for helping us to understan…
 Take a listen to my Fox Radio interview...
 "Starting Thursday, the ads — one attacking and the other promoting — will run in Miami-Dade, Broward…
 It says everything about how broken the media is that after helped lie this nation into the Iraq War, he was…
Thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man PASSED to run VOICE OF AMERICA. Trying for 25 years and you got it done Jim. Idaho is proud of you! 
 “At a time when many Americans are enduring significant economic challenges, this bill will help small business and keep…
  came to office 1973! 6 Term Senator, 2 Term VP - what did he do for African Americans? Remember "Black and…
 Trump fixed the VA after Obama-Biden left it in shambles/scandalTrump is trying to end forever wars. Biden voted for…

 Social interaction is essential for our children. The officially advocates that ALL policy considerations fo…
 Wow, this is Chris Wallace asking Trump the same question in 2016.Any “journalists” wanna share this? 
 The Committee meets for a virtual hearing today to conduct oversight on current U.S. policy to address the crisis in Hong K…
 Over 𝗳𝗶𝘃𝗲 𝗺𝗶𝗹𝗹𝗶𝗼𝗻 Farmers to Families food boxes have been delivered! This program is the best of America. 🇺🇸  
 I am always encouraged when young people take the time to get involved with important issues.  I applaud each of you for the…
 Yesterday, I had the privilege of visiting in Wisconsin to see American industry and American workers at thei…
 In retrospect every democrat ; everyone in the media mob needs to be asked if  ‘s travel ban 10 days afte…
 Joe Biden's supporters are destroying communities across America. 
  is 100% correct that Joe Biden would defund the police. The media is bending over backwards to let Joe B…
 ...away from police to other budget areas. This is cutting, or defunding, the police by any definition. Further, the propo…
 Black Man Exposes  
 In February, I joined and 62 other colleagues in sending a letter to the Centers for Medicare…
 Thank you for forcing Harvard to return the money.  I never get tired of winning!


 I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton, a war mongering fool,…
 If Trump had said Antifa is “Just an Idea”, there would have been a national uproar!!!
 ....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump, a seldom seen niece who knows little about…
 ....Tax Returns. She’s a mess! Many books have been written about me, some good, some bad. Both happily and sadly, the…
 The left wants to cancel the rest of the debates. That shows who they think won.
 
Important news! 
 Anyone else tired of the lies? Chris Wallace of should be ashamed of himself!  so America knows th…
 ICYMI: My column this week highlights 75 years of fortitude since World War II.  
Saddened to hear the news of civil rights hero John Lewis passing. Melania and I send our prayers to he and his family.
 NBA Legend Michael Jordan:'I can no longer stay silent' 
 Police Officer saves baby's life 


 After the pandemic passes and we can fire up our economic engine I’m truly looking forward to watching
 Another black dem endorses President Trump! 
 WATCH: Republican National Convention - Night 2: Land of Opportunity  
 The reason why PresidentDonald J. Trump Was electedas President, and the reasonwhy he will be elected again 
 Yesterday, my colleagues ; I passed  Flexibility Act to✅Give  more time to use their PPP…
 Fed government can play a critical role in addressing the failures of the local justice system, rebuilding trust in police de…
 Important news!
Getting VERY good reviews of the job the Federal Government is doing on CoronaVirus. Ventilators, building hospitals, beds and yes, Testing, have been handled incredibly well. Testing is getting exponentially better every day. Love seeing our Country safely opening up!
 I welcome awarding another $2.5 million in federal coronavirus response funds to expand COVID-19 testing capacity…
 These are her own constituents.
 The Socialist Mainstream Media:White Man attacked by an IllegalAlien and Racist Reporter 
 President on the Democrat Party's radical environmental policies: They want to "make it impossible economic…
 Congratulations to ; on being named in the top public coll…
 ⬇Important  resources⬇MO hotline: (877) 435-8411MO chatbot: M…
 PPP has been critical to helping Arkansas small businesses weather this pandemic. Providing flexibility is a commonsense s…
 I introduced the Lower Costs, More Cures Act, which contains similar proposals for the reduction of insulin and other prescr…
Great going Mike! 
 Watch the speech I gave on the Senate floor last week to honor all who have fought for our great nation.  
 Master Sgt. David Royer is nothing short of a hero after taking action into his own hands when he stopped an active shoo…


 We have a decision as to who will restore our economy after this pandemic. has already done it once,…
Will be interviewed tonight by at 9:00. Enjoy
 President is spot on. “[Democrats] want to bury our economy under suffocating, relentless landslides…
 It is encouraging to see Kansans standing up for what is right throughout our state. In Wichita, protests are not only rema…
 Joined Hocker Grove Middle School to help distribute meals as part of the school lunch program. It is one of four sites wit…
 America has launched! Congratulations to NASA Astronauts Doug Hurley and Bob Behnken, and on a historic launc…
Thank you! 

 Thank you to the thousands of people that have made this day possible. Today is another step forward down the path of explo…
 If--as tells me on our radio interview this morning--the worst is behind us ; entire epidemic will be largely behind…


  tax cuts are working for everyday Americans! The Tax Cuts ; Jobs Act continues to boost job growth, increase…
 “...The increases in taxes would be expanded to include taxpayers ; working people of just about all income levels. It also means…
 Jewish trump fans dancing at awedding wearing “I ❤️ TRUMP”and “Trump 2020” T-shirts 
 School shutdowns hurt the most vulnerable students across our country. The stories out of Mississippi’s Jackson Public School Di…
 “If you need more evidence that Democrats have abandoned the hard-working men and women of this country, look no further than Bide…
 I appreciated the opportunity to participate in today's hearing to conduct oversight of and get…
 At yesterday's hearing, I pressed officials about the plan to reduce the backlog of  wa…
The Fake and totally corrupt News is after her as a means of getting to me. She’s smart and strong, knows the truth. Already a heroine to many! 
 Black Man Exposes  


 I am very grateful to all of those on the frontlines battling against the COVID-19 pandemic. To the doctors, nurses, hospita…
 Arkansas children struggling with hunger during this public health crisis are benefiting from creative, flexible approache…
Our Country wants to move safely forward. There is a tremendous pent up demand. We will open big!
 The Radical Left wants open borders.  It’s time to let them know just how WRONG they are.  Take the Official Survey NOW!
Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!
A so-called peaceful protest! 
Breaking: Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Eection. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!...
 Wow! Jobs Not Mobs!
 Donald Trump was not elected to be “nice” or “polite” to the enemies of the American people.
 So true
 “Just an idea” 
 Join me @ 10am for a roundtable on safely restarting PA’s economy. Joining us are Steve Massini -
 I'm glad is visiting Owens ; Minor today to highlight the great work of Pennsylvanians supplying the PPE ne…
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic if Equador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
 Retweet If You Will AlwaysStand For The National Anthem 
Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating, just out, 52%. Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 96%. Thank you!
Oregon officials are running scared when it comes to Portland m
 Protest To Defund The PoliceRequest Police For Protection 
Look at the bias, hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonight’s anchor, Kristen Welker, is far worse!  
...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!
We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)...
 Chairman “Our bill is the right medicine for our roads ; our economy. It will help rural communities, it will…
Just spoke to President Nayib Bukele of El Salvador. Will be helping them with Ventilators, which are desperately needed. They have worked well with us on immigration at the Southern Border!
Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming, and fast!

 Julie and I pray that we can come together – as Americans, as Alaskans – to work toward justice, equality, and peace fo…
 For too long, the Clean Water Act has been abused and used to delay important energy infrastructure projects. impor…
 TODAY @ 230pm - Confirmation Hearing for White House Budget Director - The Senate Budget Committee holds a confirmation hear…
I (or never gave Governor Brian Kemp an OK on those few businesses outside of the Guidelines. FAKE NEWS! Spas, beauty salons, tattoo parlors, ; barber shops should take a little slower path, but I told the Governor to do what is right for the great people of Georgia (; USA)!
We are trying to help Portland, not hurt it. Their leadership has, for months, lost control of the anarchists and agitators. They are missing in action. We must protect Federal property, AND OUR PEOPLE. These were not merely protesters, these are the real deal!
Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!

 On May 12, I wrote to FBI Director Christopher Wray requesting an internal review to determine if there were any invest…
Great News! Randall Stephenson, the CEO of heavily indebted AT;T, which owns and presides over Fake News is leaving, or was forced out. Anyone who lets a garbage “network” do and say the things that CNN does, should leave ASAP. Hopefully replacement will be much better!
The Radical Left Democrats, who totally control Biden, will destroy our Country as we know it. Unimaginably bad things would happen to America. Look at Portland, where the pols are just fine with 50 days of anarchy. We sent in help. Look at New York, Chicago, Philadelphia. NO!
Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden ; Hunter got in!

Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Equador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
 It appears that exculpatory “Brady” evidence, which could have benefited Flynn’s defense, was withheld by the prosecuti…


Biden Underperforming! What else is new, the story of his life.
 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 I’ve been receiving regular briefings from about their COVID-19 response. Secretary Esper, the Pentagon,…
Just spoke to President Juan Orlando Hernandez of the Republic of Honduras. We work closely together on the Southern Border. Will be helping him with his request for Ventilators and Testing.
 Critical Race Theory Is A Classic Communist Divide-And-Conquer Tactic 
10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!
So we catch Obama ; Biden, not to even mention the rest of their crew, SPYING on my campaign, AND NOTHING HAPPENS? I hope not! If it were the other way around, 50 years for treason. NEVER FORGET!!!!



I’m used to it! 


Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?
 And thank you to Montana bankers for working overtime to help our small businesses stay open and workers employed during t…
Congratulations Allen, great job! 
 Glad to see my bipartisan bill with pass the Senate today to increase flexibility for small businesses and w…
 Peacefully demanding justice and condemning violence are not mutually exclusive. We can and should do both. No American…
 This week, I urged Acting Director of the Office of Management and Budget to phase out all federal regulat…
 I want to offer my profound gratitude for Eldon, all of our Merchant Marine veterans past and present, and those servin…
 One Merchant Mariner I'll never forget is Eldon Gallear, who passed in 2016 but did incredible work advocating with
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Ecuador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
 Getting VERY good reviews of the job the Federal Government is doing on CoronaVirus. Ventilators, building hospitals,…
True. Steve is a GREAT SENATOR. Need him badly in Washington. Complete and Total Endorsement! 
  President just signed legislation to support America’s  with additional 
Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. I’m which case, CRASH!!!

 I just want to say how truly humbled I am by this honor, and that I will work hard for Texas and Texans.I would like to th…

Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but  fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
 We have got to reopen our economy. I’m working on a concept that we’re putting forward called Rehire America that will…
 Today I announced Colorado will receive $44 million to address homelessness and the coronavirus pandemic.  has…
No Contest. Steve blows him away. So important for Montana. I’ll be there to help Steve win big!!! 
 🚨 President Trump just signed the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act to empower American families, w…
 ✓ SIGNEDPresident just signed Phase 3.5 of coronavirus relief legislation into law!Here's what it inclu…
 White House Correspondents, 9 out of 10 of them, are shallow and silly—-with Zero historical sense.  They are outclassed…
We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus, and many people say that it is Patriotic to wear a face mask when you can’t socially distance. There is nobody more Patriotic than me, your favorite President! 
Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!
 TONIGHT at 7pm MT ➡️ I’m joining state, local, and federal officials from Colorado for a live  town hall hosted…
I will never let our Post Office fail. It has been mismanaged for years, especially since the advent of the internet and modern-day technology. The people that work there are great, and we’re going to keep them happy, healthy, and well!
 Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Ma…
Looking forward to live sports, but any time I witness a player kneeling during the National Anthem, a sign of great disrespect for our Country and our Flag, the game is over for me!
  Iowa leaders send letter petitioning to provide CFAP funds to egg producers 

 10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!
 Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other co…

Biggest ; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!
Tremendous progress being made on Vaccines and Therapeutics!!!
 I call upon the administration to prioritize the admission of persecuted Hong Kongers to the United States through the U.…
 President on the success of Operation Warp Speed 
 Our office has heard from many Georgians who are experiencing significant delays with passport applications or renewals…
 The Senate unanimously passed a bill to add more flexibility to the Paycheck Protection Program. These targeted changes…
 THANK YOU NursesDoctorsGrocersFarmersTeachersCustodiansPharmacistsTruck DriversUtility WorkersDelivery Perso…
 I’m continuing to listen to and hear from Iowans across the state! Thanks to and for visiting wi…
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!



 Opening prayer by Rabbi Aryeh Spero 
 I applaud the U.K.’s decision to open its arms to Hong Kongers fleeing the tyrannical regime in Beijing. Hong Kongers sho…
 LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force 
You will never hear this on the Fake News concerning the China Virus, but by comparison to most other countries, who are suffering greatly, we are doing very well - and we have done things that few other countries could have done!
Tonight, and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!
 We should have zero tolerance for anarchy, rioting, and looting. If necessary, the president should use the Insurrectio…
 Judge Sullivan is abusing his judicial power for political purposes. It’s time for General Flynn’s nightmare to end. I’m…
“In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place.” Judge Andrew Napolitano 
 The carnage caused by domestic terrorists and other criminals threatens all law-abiding citizens, including peaceful prot…
 To those who claim the military has no role in stopping anarchists and other criminals from tearing apart our cities: rea…
 If you have diabetes, you are at higher risk for getting seriously ill from  Learn how you can take steps to prote…
 Will be interviewed tonight by at 9:00. Enjoy


Congratulations to Dustin Johnson on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!

Strong Stock Market Numbers. You want to see them dive? Vote for the Radical Left with their BIG Tax Hikes!
 In particular, I’m pleased the administration will be adopting policies similar to my PLA Visa Security Act. America’s so…
 There’s no one better equipped to handle a crisis like this than General Milley. Our thanks to him, our troops, and feder…
 Violent anarchists and insurrectionists were once again allowed to rule the streets last night in too many cities. The…
 There is both a legal basis and a long historical precedent for using our National Guard and—if necessary—federal troops…
 The latest CDC  report with new hospitalization data on race/ethnicity by age is now available 
 Great to hear that Navy veteran Michael White is on his way home to America!
Thank you to William Perry Pendley of the Bureau of Land Management. Great job on describing some of the most beautiful land in the world!
 Fox’s hits Dems for not trusting Trump on Covid vaccine: “They are undermining confidence in the exact vaccine…
 Awkward. Kamala Harris just got introduced for media questions and says: "I think we're all done.” 
Mail-In Voting, unless changed by the courts, will lead to the most CORRUPT ELECTION in our Nation’s History! 




Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! 

 The unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted the need for better federal budgeting. We had the financial tools to a…
 Yesterday, the Senate passed legislation to improve the Paycheck Protection Program and grant greater flexibility to our…
 is a total winner! 
 Watch: Fox News’ slams The Atlantic and Dems for “conjuring up” a “hit job” against President
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 

 I spoke to Arizonans during a telephone town hall earlier this week about what’s happening in our country right now. (1/4…
 I led a letter to w/ Sens Grassley, Crapo, ; Tillis requesting an update on the financial status of the C…
Thank you to the people of Colorado for the warm and gracious notes and letters sent to me for all of the Ventilators we got for you. It was my great honor!
Many testing sites are, and have been, open ; available. Just passed 5 Million Tests, far more than any other country in the world. In fact, more than all other major countries combined! Don’t believe the Fake News! 
 Fatalities have fallen nationwide, and we are surging supplies, personnel, and therapeutics where they are needed. 
 Household cleaners and disinfectants can cause health problems when not used properly. Follow the instructions on the product l…
Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!
 President on the U.S. preforming 50 million tests: "We have conducted nearly three times as many tests as a…


I am so stunned. I’ve never seen numbers like this and I’ve been doing this for 30 years! Steve M.
 ICYMI: Last week announced that the administration is encouraging patients who have fully recovered from  to…
 The latest  report shows that adults 65 and older are experiencing the highest rates of  hospitali…
 Feeling sick? Answer a few questions about your symptoms using Clara, CDC’s  Self-Checker, to help you decide if yo…

Breaking: Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!..
 Nancy Pelosi appeared on MSNBC's ‘AM Joy’ on Sunday when there were ZERO questions about her salon visit and disrespect for C…
We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks and for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL!
 We’re still learning about how  affects animals, but it appears that people can spread the virus to animals in some sit…
The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 
 LIVE: President delivers remarks on Operation Legend 

I will be doing a News Conference at 10:00 A.M. on the Jobs Numbers! White House.
 "Today, I'm announcing a surge of federal law enforcement into American communities plagued by violent crime. We'll work ev…
 New COVID-NET data reported more than 6,000  hospitalizations. Of these, almost 2,000 had race/ethnicity info. When com…
 Adults age 65+ and those with underlying health conditions are at higher risk for severe illness from  Learn more in t…
 Looking for   resources for sharing on social media? CDC’s social media toolkit provides free sample messages and g…
 As explains, telemedicine doesn't just help providers deliver care during the  outbreak – it can also…
Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 
 President message to American communities plagued by violent crime: "Help is on the way!" 
 "My first duty as President is to protect the American people, and today I am taking action to fulfill that sacred obligati…


Congratulations to wonderful Charles Payne on having been so optimistic, and therefore correct. Market up BIG!!!

 Tribal leaders: You can help safeguard your communities from  during funerals and burials. Actions like social distanci…
 Mainstream media “exposed for trying to have it both ways” — Fox News guest on the media firestorm over Preside…
 President on Operation Legend: We will soon send federal law enforcement to other cities that need help sto…
 
Oh no, the Dems are worried again. The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden!
Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous! 
 “It’s like the hacks all got the same memo. Find a calm street, take a picture, and use it to declare four million miles of A…
 States, tribal, local, ; territorial officials: Resources are available to help quickly identify new  cases, break chai…
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 
 
Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!
Just spoke to Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed Ali of Ethiopia. His Country needs Ventilators, and the U.S. is in good position to help him. We will!
 Fox News’ “Something very mysterious is happening here in America. There’s a campaign to program you — you’re…
 Fox’s on violence in Dem cities: “Biden is tacitly acknowledging Democrats are committing crime and says ‘we’l…
 To the families ; communities in the path of  
 "From the beginning, we have made it our top priority to shelter our seniors." 
It’s a stupendous number. It’s joyous, let’s call it like it is. The Market was right. It’s stunning! 
 Our nationwide positive Coronavirus test rate is on the decline. 
OUR GREAT USA WANTS ; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!
 This Atlantic “story” is nothing but a textbook Leftist hit-job. Always anonymous. Always coordinated. And, as we’ve seen…
 “When it comes to Donald Trump, the media is an attack dog. When it comes to Joe Biden, the media is a lap dog” — GOP strateg…
 "Today, my Administration reached a historic agreement with Pfizer, to produce and deliver 100 million doses of their vacci…
It is a wonderful feeling to know that our States are loaded up with Ventilators, many brand new and high quality just off of our production lines, and that we are now in a position to help other countries that so desperately need them. Every person needing a Ventilator got one!

 We will focus efforts on supporting the highest-risk nursing homes and giving states the information they need for an effec…
It is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination!
I am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Charles Evers. Charles was a trail blazer in politics and a fearless leader, alongside his brother Medgar, for Civil Rights. 
 
We have now Tested more than 5 Million People. That is more than any other country in the World, and even more than  all major countries combined!
The Do Nothing Democrats are spending much of their money on Fake Ads. I never said that the CoronaVirus is a “Hoax”, I said that the Democrats, and the way they lied about it, are a Hoax. Also, it did start with “one person from China”, and then grew, ; will be a “Miracle” end!
 "Equal justice under the law must mean that every American receives equal treatment in every encounter with law enforcement…
 With 2.5 MILLION jobs added in May, we're on the way to an incredible period of growth! 🔥 
 The job surge we're seeing is widespread across American industries! 
 Spin Zone: 63% say media biased, agree with Bari Weiss rip on New York Times also says 87% Republicans…
 "Biden liberal climate policies feared by unions in Pennsylvania""[Joe Biden] scares me now."Biden’s ban on fracking wo…
 2016 and 2018 exits had 33% GOP. Here are 2018 exits - a great year for Democrats - which still showed 33% GO…
Michelle Fischbach  is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement, the Second Amendment, your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 “Look at the Dow go!” Fox Business host reacts as 1.37 million jobs are created according to new figures out this morning, wi…
Was just informed that the Fake News from the Thursday White House Press Conference had me speaking ; asking questions of Dr. Deborah Birx. Wrong, I was speaking to our Laboratory expert, not Deborah, about sunlight etc. ; the CoronaVirus. The Lamestream Media is corrupt ; sick!
 Reader Tip: Coming LaterOur Daily Presidential Tracking poll today shows Black Likely Voter approval of the job
Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must, at least, treat us fairly!!!
Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner  
Get Out and Vote for Matt 
 "Equal justice under the law must mean that every American receives equal treatment in every encounter with law enforcement…
What is the purpose of having White House News Conferences when the Lamestream Media asks nothing but hostile questions, ; then refuses to report the truth or facts accurately. They get record ratings, ; the American people get nothing but Fake News. Not worth the time ; effort!
 I'm fighting for President  vision for the Republican party. htt…
 We should all join in advocating to stop our endless wars. Liz Cheney not only wants to stay forever, she’s…
 A vote for Trump is a vote for jobs. A vote for Biden is a vote for mobs.
 This San Diego, California boat parade for is HUGE 
Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!
Remember, the Cure can’t be worse than the problem itself. Be careful, be safe, use common sense!
 President wants to reopen businesses, reopen schools, reopen churches, and rebuild our economy.
I never said the pandemic was a Hoax! Who would say such a thing? I said that the Do Nothing Democrats, together with their Mainstream Media partners, are the Hoax. They have been called out ; embarrassed on this, even admitting they were wrong, but continue to spread the lie!
“Really great numbers by any standard - UNBELIEVABLE!” Joe go it right also!
 Another example of terrible liberal leadership.This would be all of America under America would be a SCARY…
Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
Had a great call with Catholic Leaders and Educators earlier today. I will be online tomorrow at 10:15 A.M. (Eastern) for Sunday Mass celebrated by at St. Patrick’s Cathedral  in New York City. Join me:  
LIAR!!! 
 James Comey is a fraud.
 FBI knew 'collusion' was a nothing-burger, but kept fake scandal alive anyway  via
Greatest Top Five Monthly Jobs Gains in HISTORY. We are  
Thank you Chuck and Harry! 
Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?
 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Great, but did MAGA have anything to do with this great ratings success? 
Happy Birthday to Melania, our great First Lady!

 NOW: Under oath Senate Judiciary “I don't remember any information reaching me about the source for Steele." WHY I…
I just signed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act to further improve our VERY POPULAR AND SUCCESSFUL program to help small businesses. THANK YOU to our GREAT REPUBLICAN SENATORS! 
Thank you so much! 
 Trump boat parade in Pensacola Florida!  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
 At least De Blasio, Wheeler, and Lightfoot give hope to other world class idiots that they too can be mayor of a major Amer…
 HUGE NUMBERS: Trump Approval Surges to 52% - Black Voter Approval Jumps to 45% in Race Against Joe Biden 
  Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from
...over the last number of nights. If she doesn’t treat these men and women well, then we’ll bring in a different group of men and women!
 President Platinum Plan is designed to bring opportunity, security, fairness and prosperity to Blac…
 The worst mayor in America seems to think his city isn’t under the jurisdiction of America
John Bolton is, with the exception of Hillary, by far the worst offender of them all! 
 Wow, an Air Force vet calls Biden out for voting for the Iraq War"We are wondering why we should vote for someone who…
  Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from
  we want to say Thank you for being the best President ever.  Thank you for being our voice and Thank…
 🚨 🚨 is coming to Nevada for rally events in Reno and Las Vegas! This double stop shows how important winni…
This guy is given the answer to questions, which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna  involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam (FAKE) candidate. Sad! 
....schedule and eating habits, written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night ; read ; see that I am angrily eating a hamberger ; Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!
I work from early in the morning until late at night, haven’t left the White House in many months (except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort) in order to take care of Trade Deals, Military Rebuilding etc., and then I read a phony story in the failing about my work.....
 No one will accuse ANTIFA of being "brainiacs" will they? 🤣😆
The incompetent Mayor of Washington, D.C., who’s budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for “handouts”, is now fighting with the National Guard, who saved her from great embarrassment...
 A February 2017 New a York Times story was a major driver of the Russia collusion hoax. New FBI notes show they quietly an…
The people that know me and know the history of our Country say that I am  the hardest working President in history. I don’t know about that, but I am a hard worker and have probably gotten more done in the first 3 1/2 years than any President in history. The Fake News hates it!
 Quick Twitter request here. I'm looking for videos of "peaceful protesters" from the recent riots who are blocking cameras…
 Quote: “Even if the charges are dis­missed, or the McCloskeys are par­doned af­ter be­ing con­victed, again we have a pub­lic…
 My new column focuses on Friday’s announcement of the Kosovo-Serbia accord and MSM inability to focus on cr…
 Many of us in  are praying for President as he battles COVID-19. He’s looking and sounding very g…
....schedule and eating habits, written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night ; read ; see that I am angrily eating a hamburger ; Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!
I work from early in the morning until late at night, haven’t left the White House in many months (except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort) in order to take care of Trade Deals, Military Rebuilding etc., and then I read a phony story in the failing about my work....
 Weeee’re baaaack!!! 🇺🇸 jobs → jobs → JOBS! 
 Even the news hosts seem dramatically unaware that we're up to nearly 800,000 tests per day in the country.
 Hugh Hewitt writes in Opinions: Pay attention to Trump’s real successes, not media distractions 
 It's disgraceful to see the defacing of the Gandhi statue in DC.  was a pioneer of peaceful protesting, demonstra…

 Elite media all but ignored the immense significance of the Kosovo-Serbia agreement — two countries whose enmity has requir…
....Lawsuits should be brought against all, including the Fake News Organizations, to rectify this terrible injustice. For all of the great lawyers out there, do we have any takers? When will the Noble Committee Act? Better be fast!
....to the REAL REPOERS ; JOURNALISTS who got it right. I can give the Committee a very comprehensive list. When will the Noble Committee DEMAND the Prizes back, especially since they were gotten under fraud? The reporters and Lamestream Media knew the truth all along....
 The Biden promise is that if elected, the hysterical screaming will end ;  won’t come for your kids or for you…
 FWIW, quite a few people in recent weeks who generally like Cheney -- including those not on the Hill -- were extremely di…
...We should be standing up straight and tall, ideally with a salute, or a hand on heart. There are other things you can protest, but not our Great American Flag - NO KNEELING!
When will all of the “reporters” who have received Noble Prizes for their work on Russia, Russia, Russia, only to have been proven totally wrong (and, in fact, it was the other side who committed the crimes), be turning back their cherished “Nobles” so that they can be given....
I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!
 Matt Borges - the former chair of the Ohio Republican Party - set up a  PAC to try and elect Joe BidenTod…
 Trump's words today about the military industrial complex's power in the Pentagon evoke Eisenhower's warning of same in hi…

....fraud (and others who are even worse). Chris Wallace is nastier to Republicans than even Deface the Nation or Sleepy Eyes. The people who are watching in record numbers (thank you President Trump), are angry. They want an alternative now. So do I!
....Even the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats laughed at the Fox suggestion. No respect for the people running But Fox keeps on plugging to try and become politically correct. They put RINO Paul Ryan on their Board. They hire “debate questions to Crooked Hillary”....
 Nice short video about President Dwight D. Eisenhower's "Military-Industrial Complex" speech and how important he felt it…
 LIVE: POTUS delivers remarks at Puritan Medical Products 
 Could Media Please Stop Publishing Same NeverTrump Column? 
 You are free to dislike and hysterically respond to any and all criticism of the military industrial complex. You are not…

I am a big fan of Drew Brees. I think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks, but he should not have taken back his original stance on honoring our magnificent American Flag. OLD GLORY is to be revered, cherished, and flown high...
 just doesn’t get what’s happening! They are being fed Democrat talking points, and they play them without hesitation or research. They forgot that Fake News ; MSDNC wouldn’t let participate, even a little bit, in the poor ratings Democrat Debates.....
 George Orwell’s observation that language shapes thought holds true for Covid-19 and Black Lives Matter, writes
 As a native Oregonian, who still has friends/family there, i can attest that what is happening in Portland (and has been h…
 This is what Joe Biden calls "peaceful."
 is grossly incompetent, and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington, D.C. If the great men and women of the National Guard didn’t step forward, she would have looked no better than her counterpart Mayor in Minneapolis!
 After fighting a brutal war ; then serving eight years as US President, here was Dwight Eisenhower's 1961 warning about the…
 Oh dear. MSNBC host apparently completely unfamiliar with Dwight Eisenhower's famous "military industrial complex" speech.…
I want to defend ; preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops ; burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org. 
Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?
So weird to watch interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!
Reports that H.H.S. Secretary is going to be “fired” by me are Fake News. The Lamestream Media knows this, but they are desperate to create the perception of chaos ; havoc in the minds of the public. They never even called to ask. Alex is doing an excellent job!
 UNIONS HINDERING SCHOOL OPENINGS -- weighs in on the school choice debate and the role that teachers unions pl…
 Put another way: Elected officials abdicate responsibility to provide law and order, and further threaten citizens who att…
  
 The FBI’s Dossier Deceit: New evidence that the bureau knew the Russia info was phony in 2017. 
Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!
Does anybody get the meaning of what a so-called Noble (not Nobel) Prize is, especially as it pertains to Reporters and Journalists? Noble is defined as, “having or showing fine personal qualities or high moral principles and ideals.” Does sarcasm ever work?
 Unprecedented except President Dwight Eisenhower said the exact same thing in 1961. And he was absolutely right. 
 Here's a lesser-known part of Eisenhower's Farewell Address. He had 16 minutes on TV to warn Americans of what he thought t…
 President Eisenhower said much the same back in 1961, warning the nation about the Military Industrial Complex.Trump…
 Obama made no change with the deaths of Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown ; Eri…
 Hunter Biden Report Bombshell: Biden Was Briefed About Son, Caused Problems In Obama White House 
Laura, just another Fake News Report! 
The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!
 The same government officials who threw a woman in jail for opening a hair salon, arrested a pastor for leading worship, and…
 I love this column. Fine, ban the Washington Redskins. Then move on to my long list of terrible team names, writes
 President HAD to “interrupt” (Challenge) Joe Bidens lies (green new deal, etc) because the person who wa…
Great! 
Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
 All of these FBI, CIA ; DOJ crooks are running out the clock until Nov. 3, while doing everything they can to boost Biden'…
 Comey refutes Senators' assertion he spied on Trump, when in fact he sent Pientka to surveil Trump at a security briefing…
 White Supremacy question! 
....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW ; ORDER!
BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!
 "All of American society is engaged and mobilized in the war against the invisible enemy. While we must remain vigilant, it…
 We’re seeing enthusiasm like this all across the country. Thank you to all the supporters who pitched i…
 This headline and others like it are grossly inaccurate ; irresponsible.Our officers are not "paramilitary." They are civil…
 Mayor who wishes to defund police urges citizens who supposedly hate the police to police the police by calling the poli…
 To all the celebrities posting memes connecting the cop that killed George Floyd to President
They asked me to be at West Point on June 13th., ; I will be there! 
 Hi, Pennsylvania, Here is what Joe Biden voters are doing to your peaceful, elderly population 
Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country! 
 all this memory loss and out-of-the-loop i dunnos is strange for a guy who took copious notes after playing a case agent s…
So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!
 Great news for South Carolina and a compliment to the workforce!This would never have come to pass ha…
 HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fa…
 NEW: Daily Caller has learned that Ben Carson and HUD are ending the Obama-era Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing rule on…
 Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massiv…
HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!
No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
They are one of the worst in the “news” business. Total slime balls! 
 Barack Obama put a target on the back of every cop in this country.
 Federal law enforcement is investigating the leaders of Antifa and BLM among others.Throw the book at them!
What a fantastic group! 
“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter.  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!
 The FBI’s Dossier DeceitNew evidence that the bureau knew the Russia info was phony in 2017.
 Marxist activists are using the issue of race as a pretext to attack "individualism" and "the profit motive" -- the corner…
 Jake Tapper personally intervened in a tight congressional race and told not to challenge a vulnerable Democr…
Democrat John Hickenlooper Held in Contempt After Failing to Comply with Subpoena over Ethics Complaint  Got caught big time with his hand in the cookie jar. Should be the end of his Colorado Senate bid. Makes no difference, we already have a GREAT Senator!
IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!
 BREAKING: Biden wishes public schools taught more about Islam; promises Muslims he will end terrorism-related ban on immig…
 BREAKING: Brian Auten, the FBI Supervisory Intelligence Analyst who wrote memo on how Steele's primary source told FBI dos…
 From Day 1, Gretchen Whitmer has been too focused on politics.Case in point: She just claimed she is “not getting invo…
 Lt Gen. Keith Kellogg, Sec Pompeo (Army, retired), SecDef Esper (Army), NSA Robert O’Brien (Army), Sec of VA Robert Wilkie…
 Portland pays violent Antifa leader for getting hit with a rubber bullet.
 Remember, the Cure can’t be worse than the problem itself. Be careful, be safe, use common sense!
 MYSTERY: Two other Russia-related investigations -- code-named "Cross Wind" and “Dragon” -- emerge from declassified docum…
Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!
Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
Twitter Pulls Trump Campaign Video of President Showing Empathy For Peaceful Protesters   They are fighting hard for the Radical Left Democrats. A one sided battle. Illegal. Section 230!
STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!
 BREAKING: Hill Republicans suspect disputed anonymous story re Trump disrespecting fallen war vets was planted by Biden ca…
 The New York Times:Explicit Chinese propaganda: no problem. Op-ed from a Republican Senator supported by most American…
 WATCH: Team Trump Online with Rep. and Rep.  TRUMP to 88022 
 Lunatics are running the insane asylum...
THANK YOU MAINE!  
STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!
 Dear God,Thank you for answering our prayers.A grateful Nation   
 Joe Biden vows, should he win, he'd continue the fight against religious morals and nuns of the Little Sister of the Poor…
 Another unimpeachable witness denies Atlantic story.  But media won’t give it up.
Great! 
 Strzok also brazenly contradicted recently declassified internal FBI documents and misrepresented what IG Horowitz found i…
 Still haven’t heard you take responsibility for the crime bill that led to the mass incarceration of my people
Great! 
LAW ; ORDER. VOTE!
 If they were only "overworked," the mistakes would have been negative and positive for Page/Trump. Except all of the "mista…
 It’s not possible for Democrats to offer up this abject fool as the next president of the United States and expect the rest…
 People in the protest crowd react to Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler saying he won't commit to abolishing the police. 
 Tonight's special with CANDACE OWENS starts at 9:30pm ET, FREE on BlazeTV's YouTube channel: 
RELIGIOUS LIBEY. VOTE!
 Breaking News: sources tell me will be completely exonerated this week.  It was a total fraud.  A Set up.  Mo…
 Didn’t hear about this on CNN though.
 Mayor Lightfoot is really giving De Blasio a run for his money for the mantle of “Worst Mayor in the United States.” It’s a…
Thank you Boris, working great together! 
 I don't care WHAT George Floyd did. The officer should have never treated him like that and killed him! But we still must as…
 Three failed coup attempts:1 - Russia Collusion hoax during campaign2 - Mueller's sham 3 - Illegitimate impeachment…
BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!
 Pharma stocks finish lower as Trump targets drug prices with executive orders 
Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances!  
 The felony charges leveled against the armed St. Louis homeowners who refused to kneel to the protesters who broke onto the…
 These “mostly peaceful protestors” sure do operate with the rehearsed  tactics and cohesive maneuver of a domestic terroris…
 “Most [of the ‘moms’] aren’t mothers and many don’t even identify as female”
 It's time to Make America Normal Again, and this is the best KICK OFF ever!!! This will make your day, folks! Happy…
401(K). VOTE!
 De Blasio’s plan to completely ruin NYC is going incredibly well
 While atrocities like this are constantly happening in America’s 3rd largest city, Democrats’ insane response is to make it…
 Once again, Nancy Pelosi is lying about her needless delay.She stood in front of her fancy refrigerator and congratula…
 Wishing you a very special birthday, Happy Birthday! 🥳🎂
American citizens! We were long ahead of Dems, who were all against the BAN. 
 There are the receipts. Those are the facts. The actual documents that anyone can look up for themselves.Real journalists…
 FILE THIS UNDER SH!T you can’t make up YET ITS NOT FAKE NEWS!!!!!!
You must be kidding??? This is a total disgrace! 
 You’re a racist, radical communist that wants to expand government control and dependency— and you are using the plight o…
 Strong covid briefing by President Trump Serious, fact based, calm but in command Even the journos were reasonably well…
BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!
 Flynn update - the DOJ and Flynn have filed a motion to expedite the resolution of the case.The parties "agree that this…
 Big
 It’s a Straight Line from Biden to BLM - my weekend column ... 
 Martha McSally’s new book, Dare to Fly: Simple Lessons in Never Giving Up, is out now!
 Former NSC Chief of Staff Says John Brennan Hid Evidence Putin Favored Hillary in 2016 🔥🔥🔥
SPACE FORCE. VOTE!
 COMEY (under oath): “The Trump campaign was not under investigation” 🤔 
 Just a reminder that the official line is that the investigation was never into the Trump campaign. Comey denied that under…
We did great things, but it doesn’t matter to the Dems! 
 Radio: BREAKING: Unemployment Drops, U.S. Economy Adds 2.5 Million Jobs 
 How do we know engaged in political activism ; not journalism with his hoax of a story?Simple: He excluded…
 Of course what really happened is the investigation WAS into the campaign, and ultimately, really into Trump himself all al…
MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!
 Report: FBI Knew McCain Leaked Steele Dossier, Now Blames Coronavirus For Not Releasing Documents 
Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge, former head of Homeland Security, trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland, who last night was booed ; shouted out of existence by the agitators ; anarchists. Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm!
 Here’s what serial fraudster, ; generational corruptocrat, Nancy Pelosi was REALLY up to when the Wuhan Virus was raging ; th…
We will always defend. Great job Jay! 
 Martha McSally for U.S. Senate 
 Enemy of the people
PRO LIFE! VOTE!
The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut (too bad!). It would be great for workers. The Republicans, therefore, didn’t want to ask for it. Dems, as usual, are hurting the working men and women of our Country!
 Remember the media’s spin is that this group is full of Trump supporters. Does anyone know a Trump supporter who is a fan o…
 So the decision was made on the basis of the weather, but Trump might have said something after? Wow you’ve cracked this wi…
 Democrats are not sending us their bestor are they😜
BETTER ; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!
 NYT Book List is at it again.  book sold 10k+ but didn’t make the list. Got beat out by a book that sold 2k cop…
Obama, who wouldn’t even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries (and even then waited a long time!), is now making a commercial of support. Remember, I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for them. I wouldn’t be President. They did a terrible job!
 And even if you had that - which you do not - you’d then need an explanation of why all of the other on the record sources…
 In case you missed the lesson in journalism school, you’re looking for the “source” to say “did.”The President “did” say…
Rigged Election! 
 Despite Democrats resistance to help small businesses, President will get the economy going and Americ…
 Lefty holier than thou Media Matters founder David Brock, who spends millions targeting President Trump, is accused of…
 Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump“Every person who was allegedly in th…
The Suburban Housewives of America must read this article. Biden will destroy your neighborhood and your American Dream. I will preserve it, and make it even better! 
PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!
 Sen. Ted Cruz: "Pause for a second and imagine how you would feel if Donald J. Trump was doing exactly what Barack Obama and J…
White House Press Conference at 5:15 P.M. Live!
 WATCH: Goes NUCLEAR on Rod Rosenstein over the Russia probe. 
FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!
 General Kelly’s deputy — who was in the room — is now on record saying that The Atlantic story is complete bullshit.…
 This is what America is really like despite what Democrats want you to think.They want us divided. 
 Devin Nunes-“Why is General Flynn Important? Because He Was Framed By His Own Government!!” 
SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!
 Sen. “Either you were complicit in the wrongdoing... or that the performance of your duties was grossly neglige…
  marched with this movement. A movement that’s now terrorizing our own community.I condemned it immediat…
 Article should have read: Trump as businessman had a passive, non-controlling/managing interest in an office building which…
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
  completely exposes how Barack Obama and Joe Biden unleashed, weaponized, and politicized the DOJ, FBI, and t…
Biden wants to Defund the Police! 
PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!
WELCOME BACK BASEBALL! 
 BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: My new film “Trump Card” will be available on demand October 9. Also on DVD.This way every American c…
 John Bolton Rejects Atlantic Story: 'I Was There'; 'I Didn't Hear That' 
 Sloppy Joe is trending. I wonder if it's because of this. You can tell it's a deep fake because Jill Biden isn't covering f…
TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s  
 Conservative activist turns tables on Dems over claims of voter suppression  
 Mr. Rosenstein testified to Senate this week. He should also testify to a grand jury about the coup abuses of
 I never said the pandemic was a Hoax! Who would say such a thing? I said that the Do Nothing Democrats, together with…
 The people that know me and know the history of our Country say that I am  the hardest working President in history. I…
 The economy created another 1.4 million jobs last month, defying the pessimists.  via
 Trump came to Dover after my wife was killed fighting ISIS. He absolutely respects our service. 
 Tucker Carlson Scorches Biden, Media for Elevating Anti-Semite Jacob Blake Sr. as 'Moral Authority' | Newsbusters 
Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. on Enjoy!!!
 This isn’t about black lives, this is about Marxism.
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! 
 Just left the White House meeting with President Trump. If you’re ready to join the fight you can sign up here 👇 
 Michael Goodwin: The New York Times Times is plunging head first into new depths of partisanship and deceit
So true! 

 Would love for you to have a signed copy of my new book, Doesn't Hurt to Ask. Pre-order and get yours today and win your next…
 Dinesh D'Souza says recent riots and political unrest could lead to 'rise of citizen militias around the country' | Fo…
Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski ; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via
Blame the Democrats for any “lateness” in your Enhanced Unemployment Insurance. I wanted the money to be paid directly, they insisted it be paid by states for distribution. I told them this would happen, especially with many states which have old computers.
 Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. on Enjoy!!!
 CA Socialist/Dem party cutting basic services like police/fire/teachers so they can continue funding boondoggles like this…
 Trump has been the cause of an interesting phenomenon. Republicans are now the party of the working man and the Democrats…
 These brave men and women have risked their lives protecting DC for three days. Rioting, looting, arson, and vandalism have…
It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!
There has never been, in the history of our Country, a more vicious or hostile Lamestream Media than there is right now, even in the midst of a National Emergency, the Invisible Enemy!
 BREAKING: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump“Fuentes unequivocally denied
The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family. 11:00 A.M.
 Pandering to the Protesters: challenges LA mayor Eric Garcetti to get rid of his own security detail if he w…
 Just heard that Mayor Bowser is kicking the Utah National Guard out of all DC hotels tomorrow. More than 1200 troops from 1…
I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs ; knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!
Great job by in agreeing to build, in TEXAS, what is expected to be the largest auto plant anywhere in the world. He kept his word to me. Texas ; are big winners. MADE IN THE USA!
Thank you! 
Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
FAKE NEWS, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
 NYC Construction Workers Use Excavator to Save Gucci Handbags, Other Valuable Items From Looters 
Why should the people and taxpayers of America be bailing out poorly run states (like Illinois, as example) and cities, in all cases Democrat run and managed, when most of the other states are not looking for bailout help? I am open to discussing anything, but just asking?
I spoke to highly respected (Chairman) Senator who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and Forts, places from which we won two World Wars (and more!). Like me, Jim is not a believer in “Cancel Culture”.
STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
 why is Chuck Schumer trending?  What did I miss?Worst Senator
Thank you Natalie! 
 British Prime Minister ‘No Choice’ But to Offer Citizenship to Almost 3 Million Hong Kong Citizens 
 Russia Hoax: Nearly Three Dozen Subpoenas Approved for Obama Administration Officials 
....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevin  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!
Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up, but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230, immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you! 
“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania ; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an....
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
Congratulations  
 America is opening up, and people are returning to work. Speaker Pelosi's reaction to today's great economic news?She doub…
   Are 'Frantic' That The Black Vote Is Leaving Their Party "They try to do everything they can…
Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged ; sick they all are! 
Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls.
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 LIVE: President delivers remarks on lowering drug prices 
 Fact:Robert Mueller’s office deleted 19,000 text messages between Lisa Page and her lover Peter StrzokHow is that no…
 President “We will finally allow the safe and legal importation of prescription drugs from Canada and othe…
 Bad Bunny cut an ad for Joe Biden.It's not what we expected.This version is much better. 

 "We're doing everything in our power to heal the sick and to gradually reopen our Nation." 
 As one American family, we grieve with those who have suffered the loss of loved ones. 
 President is taking historic action to reduce the price of prescription drugs! 
If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh.
 So great to have Michael home. Just arrived. Very exciting. Thank you to Iran. Don’t wait until after U.S. Election to…
 President announces that as a result of the Executive Orders he is signing today, "the heads of the major d…
Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!
 President plan for Opening Up America Again outlined a three-phased approach based on the advice of publ…

 (PA 3) - 
 Democrats forgot that Americans are **proud** to be Americans.Trump gets it.

 FAKE NEWS, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
 There has never been, in the history of our Country, a more vicious or hostile Lamestream Media than there is right no…
 Blame the Democrats for any “lateness” in your Enhanced Unemployment Insurance. I wanted the money to be paid directly…
 So true!
“This is a flat out lie. They (the media) are making things up”  The Lamestream Media is out of control. It would be impossible to fully explain how dishonest they are!
 (PA 2) - 
His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful! 
 (PA 1) - I did not expect to interview at the White House yesterday but here we are 
 BOMBSHELL: Clinton Allegedly Approved Russiagate Falsehood As Distraction From Email Scandal 
As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
Because Shifty is a crooked politician! 
Based on their bad ratings, so would many! 
 Here’s my grandparents ; great grandparents. They are rolling in their graves at the hatred that still exists. I’m biracial…
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
 Attorney General Barr’s Memo to U.S. Attorneys: “The Constitution is not suspended in times of crisis.” The Attorney Ge…
 Stunning revelations expose FBI’s Trump probe as dirtiest political trick in US history 
 Hunter Biden Report Bombshell: Biden Was Briefed About Son, Caused Problems In Obama White House 
 NYT ‘Refused To Listen’ Says Trump Atty Over ‘Fake News’ Trump Tax Returns 
 The Brief Podcast: New Documents Show The Russia Hoax Far Worse Than We Thought 
In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA!  
True! 
 Pastor Darrell Scott on growing concerns for social media's role in countrywide violence
So Obama and his team of lowlifes spied on my campaign, and got caught - Open and shut case! More papers released today which are devastating to them. Will they ever pay the price? The political Crime of the Century!
“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania ; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an....
 
....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.”  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!
New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor ; Mayor are destroying the place!
 Stories you won’t hear on liberal media: Small businesses needed the regulatory relief they’ve gotten from
Great new book by called “Nothing to Lose”. The Pastor is a winner and a great guy. Much can be learned from him. Buy the book. Make him a Big Deal Author!
The wonderful Charles Payne of just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!
Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!
 First, there is no shortage of meat destined for the grocery store shelf. It might take stores longer than usual to resto…
  signs executive orders aimed at lowering prescription drug costs.“The middlemen are making a fortune an…
Riot gear or military control is not necessary because ANTIFA ; other Wacko groups of Anarchists aren’t present to cause trouble. Incredible people. Thank you Maine! 
Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABOION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT ; VOTE!!!
We are doing far more, and better, Testing than any other country in the world, and yet the media does nothing but complain. No matter how good a job is done, the same as with the Ventilators, they will never say we are doing a great job, they will only viciously gripe!
The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! 
 Back The Blue 🖤💙🖤 

My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - ; are up in polls. Lots of $’s ; ENERGY!
Many States moving to SAFELY ; QUICKLY reopen!
Wow. Win in 2020!!! 
 May saw the BIGGEST JOBS INCREASE EVER. This jobs report serves as an emphatic reminder about the strength of
Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!
FEELING GREAT!
Texas to open businesses in phases beginning Friday. Great job being done by
 Not allowed to go to Mass where I live. 
 On June 6, 1944, our Greatest Generation bravely stormed the beaches of Normandy."Those who fought here won a future for…
 The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of…
 45 days ago, business leaders joined President in the Rose Garden to help launch a new, critical partnersh…
I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!
 You’re doing a great job Kayleigh for our President and our Nation. Keep up the great work...! You are su…
  
 Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ rid…
NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts! 
But I love Diamond ; Silk, and so do millions of people! 
 BIG news from the Administration today. This is truly a WIN for all Americans!
 “In short, give some credit to the government relief efforts, especially the Paycheck Protection Program, for bringing back…
Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren ; the others simply took him apart, is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!
 Newly Revealed Docs Support Flynn’s Innocence: Case Against Him Should Be Tossed 
....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!
Congratulations Jim. It was a great and beautiful event. Well deserved! 
Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016....
 Newly Declassified Documents Show John Kerry’s State Department Spread Russia Collusion Narrative 
 I am a big fan of Drew Brees. I think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks, but he should not have taken back h…
 ...We should be standing up straight and tall, ideally with a salute, or a hand on heart. There are other things you c…

 Families across the country are struggling to afford life-saving medication.I’m glad is focused on thi…
THANK YOU! 
They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!
 A fifth to half of all coronavirus deaths have been in nursing homes: 
  is grossly incompetent, and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington, D.C. If…
 Trump announces series of executive orders aimed at lowering drug costs 

 BREAKING: Emails show Obama FBI was out to get and also knew McCain leaked anti dossier;
On my way to the Great State of Florida, see you soon! 


...to virtual pennies. Epi-pens went from their incredibly high, jacked up prices, to lower than their original give away bargains. Biggest price reductions in history, by far! Nothing like this has ever for our citizens, especially our Seniors. REMEMBER YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT!
Yesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs, in many cases by more than 50%. Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma, with its vast power, would not let it happen. Expensive Insulin went from big dollars.....
Thank you and   
The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!
Wow! 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party (and I believe this was before the “GREAT” Jobs Numbers yesterday). Thank you!

Wow! 
Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!

 LIVE: POTUS delivers remarks on supporting small businesses 
LAW ; ORDER!
REPEAL SECTION 230!!!
The Democrats in the House are trying to undo my big win Travel Ban Bill, which successfully keeps very bad and dangerous people out of our great Country. Passed along party lines. Hopefully, will be DEAD in the Senate! The Dems have gone Stone Cold Left - Venezuela on steroids!
Much smaller crowd in D.C. than anticipated. National Guard, Secret Service, and D.C. Police have been doing a fantastic job. Thank you!
Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!
Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!
 
  U.S. District Court Judge Michael Mosman denies an order sought by Oregon AG Ellen Rosenblum to stop federal agen…
 It's hard for me to believe Trump will lose in November considering all the polls in 2016 and how Biden is substantially worse…
 Spotify deleted all the Alex Jones appearances — and other guests too — from Joe Rogan’s podcast archives. 
...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
 ; MSDNC are doing everything possible to “inflame” the crowd. Fortunately they have a very small audience!
  In a 5-4 vote, SCOTUS rejects a Nevada Church’s challenge to the state’s coronavirus shutdown order limiting…
.. Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment...
 This is the reality of being a journalist who accurately covers antifa.Law enforcement has been informed. should…
Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their...
Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE”. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT. I want LAW ; ORDER!
...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked...
 Nice interview with   I can absolutely relate, I have been a Democrat my whole…

I have just given an order for our National Guard to start the process of withdrawing from Washington, D.C., now that everything is under perfect control. They will be going home, but can quickly return, if needed. Far fewer protesters showed up last night than anticipated!
 🗳️ 🗳️ 🗳️ For more information, visit ➡️  
 🗳️ 🗳️ 🗳️ For more information, visit ➡️  
 Mike Tyson has officially flipped the switch ; entered a savage state of mind.  This is a different man from his fir…
 Good morning, all!!! Catch me on in just a few minutes! Click tweet below to register for today’s Baltimo…
Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left.
 Former chief tells he has “absolute confidence” in the organization he once led, an…
 We now have more than 25,000 participants dosed in our  vaccine clinical trial.  Learn more about our progress in devel…
How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!
 Trump just said "if schools do not reopen the funding should go to parents." 
 The pace of this is quite amazing. Vaccine trial started in July, almost at goal of 30k.Remember this is the trial of a…
Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announced he will be voting for another stiff, Sleepy Joe Biden. Didn’t Powell say that Iraq had “weapons of mass destruction?” They didn’t, but off we went to WAR!
True! 
 Many Democrats are leaving the party over calls to Defund the Police.  Great going Brandon. You really get it!!!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!
Fantastic job on by new Republican Superstar running for Congress (with my complete ; total Endorsement) against a Crazy Nancy Pelosi Puppet (who has done nothing!), ; a slightly older Republican Superstar, Thank you to both!
Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
 
Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved (a record), Two Great Supreme Court Justices, rebuilt our once depleted Military, Choice for Vets, Biggest Ever Tax ; Regulation Cuts, Saved Healthcare ; 2A, ; much more!
Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! Thank you!
 LIVE: President delivers remarks on environmental accomplishments 
....And to Joy, his wonderful wife who he loved so much, my warmest condolences!!!
One of the greats in the history of television, Regis Philbin has passed on to even greater airwaves, at 88. He was a fantastic person, and my friend. He kept telling me to run for President. Holds the record for “most live television”, and he did it well. Regis, we love you....
 President is delivering remarks on protecting and preserving Florida's environment and natural resources!…
 BREAKING: An FBI investigator assigned to Mueller's team said the degree of speculating and projecting and theorizing abou…
 BREAKING: Records show Obama's top Russia analyst Celeste Wallander, who sat in on Brennan's 2016 "fusion cell" meetings o…
At the request of ; of the Great State of Louisiana, I will be approving ; signing today an EMERGENCY DECLARATION which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores. FEMA is already there. God Bless You!
My Administration is closely monitoring Hurricane Douglas off Hawaii ; Hurricane Hanna, which has now made landfall in Texas. We continue to coordinate closely with both states — listen to your emergency management officials ; to protect your family ; property! 
 Retired bureaucrats hate President Trump because he’s draining the swamp and ending the corruption that pa…

 BREAKING: FBI Agent Barnett, who was on loan to Mueller but never wiped his phone, last month told investigators the Trump…

 BREAKING: New agent 302s reveal McCabe directed the Flynn investigation ; may have had a conflict of interest, since McCab…
 BREAKING: According to 302 interview summary, FBI case agent Barnett testified that Special Counsel prosecutor Jeannie Rhe…
Thank you Jupiter, Florida! 
 Leaders Lead. Cowards kneel. 

 9/ Cool.  Strobe Talbott and Dekek Shearer recommends Wallander to Hillary.  Interesting. 
 The only poll that matters is the poll on Election Day at your polling place. 

 Now that the economy is doing well again, Obama will be taking credit for it.
 President Trump is going to save America... twice... in his first term!
 BREAKING: FBI Dir Wray insisted IG redact Footnote 334 in IG report, which revealed the FBI had previously investigated St…
 BREAKING: House investigators have now joined the Senate in requesting the FBI open a criminal investigation into possible…


 Never before in the history of country have so many Washington elite blithely labeled a sitting president "racist" or "a R…
Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina!  
Thank you Jon! 
Senator is a good friend and strong voice for the people of South Carolina. He’s helped us confirm GREAT Judges, rebuild the Military, and keep our Country SAFE. Strong on Life and our Vets. Lindsey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 Think of it: The entire time that Steele's primary source Danchenko was employed at Democrat think tank the Brookings Inst…
Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!
 In God We Trust  (Part 2) 
 BREAKING: When Democrat Sen Mark Warner's intelligence committee staff interviewed Sam Patten re his ties to Kilimnik, Pat…
 B/t 2009-2011, while Carter Page was acting as a CIA informant providing intel on Russia, the FBI was investigating Igor D…
 
Congressman Joe Wilson is a champion for the people of South Carolina! He served our Country as a Colonel in the Army, and now he serves our Military ; Vets in Congress. Strong on the  and Border Security! Joe has my Complete ; Total Endorsement!  
This week you had Joe Biden call Arizona a CITY. Nothing matters with him, however, because the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) covers everything up - especially the corruption. The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt in history. They even spied on my campaign!
I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any ; all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History, the Russia Hoax. Likewise, the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions! 
Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes ; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!
Congressman Austin Scott  is doing a phenomenal job for the GREAT State of Georgia. He works hard for our incredible Farmers, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Austin has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Congressman Buddy Carter  keeps fighting for the incredible people of Georgia. Buddy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Buddy! 
Brett LOVES Wisconsin, Mississippi and Minnesota. A good golfer - hits it LONG! 
We need back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
 Think of it: The FBI relied on information from a suspected Russian spy to spy on a US presidential adviser ; never told t…
Just landed in North Carolina, thank you! 
 ANTIFA is a racist, terror-group. 👇🏻
 Oh shut up w the patronizing garbage. YOU’RE HIDING IN YOUR BASEMENT while the rest of us are dealing w riots enabled by…
Unlike Senator Manchin, Big Jim Justice was very loyal to your favorite President during Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam. Big Jim is doing a tremendous job for West Virginia. Vote for Big Jim! 
Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 
 Showtime's "The Comey Rule" is supposed to be based on true events yet fictionalizes key parts story:1 Dossier originall…

 President Joe Biden wants to impose a $4 Trillion tax hike on Americans and destroy the Middle Class 

 Day 56. Last night six DHS law enforcement officers were injured in Portland. To be clear, criminals assaulted FEDERAL office…
Congresswoman Carol Miller  is a tremendous advocate for the people of West Virginia! She fights for our Coal Miners, the Second Amendment and for Lower Taxes. Carol has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Congressman Alex Mooney  is a champion for West Virginia! He is strong on Life and the Second Amendment, and he works hard for our incredible Veterans and Coal Miners. Alex has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
It will be fast and easy! 
 President lists his goals for a Second Term 
Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the U.S. in January. Tens of thousands of lives were saved, as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown (SF) in late February. Biden agreed with her, but soon admitted that I was right!
Congressman Mark Amodei  is working hard for the incredible people of Nevada! He is Strong on Immigration, Taxes, Job Creation and he Loves our Military and Vets. Mark has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 BREAKING: Glenn Simpson has framed Trump's tweets calling his Russia dossier a "hoax" and proudly hung the gold-framed mis…
 will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, and on the Great Ratings!
The Trump Campaign has more ENTHUSIASM, according to many, than any campaign in the history of our great Country - Even more than 2016. Biden has NONE! The Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER THIRD!!! Fake Suppression Polls ; Fake News will not save the Radical Left.
Congressman Jeff Van Drew  is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
 Think of it: Comey and McCabe insisted on including a dossier, whose contents came 100% from a source they'd investigated…
Great new book out today, “Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
So the Washington Post is running the Reagan Foundation, and RINO Paul Ryan is on the Board of Fox, which has been terrible. We will win anyway, even with the phony suppression polls (which have been seriously wrong for 5 years)! 
Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
...I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement!   
 is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment...
Governor Doug Burgum  is doing a phenomenal job leading North Dakota! He is a true Conservative, and First Lady Kathryn Burgum’s leadership against the disease of addiction inspires us all. Doug has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 TRUMP: “We’ve decided to call all our rallies peaceful protests.” 
 Help Alek WIN 🇺🇸
 President Trump is out on the campaign trail, having fun, dunking on hypocrite Liberal Elite Nancy Pelosi.The crowd lov…
 First new crop of young conservatives are killing it! 
There is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet, Joe Biden, when they are against fracking, steel production, and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for. Likewise, Texas, and many other states!!!
 Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved (a recor…
 Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announce…
The Lamestream Media, including which has really checked out, is refusing to show what is REALLY going on in Portland, Seattle, and other places. They want the American public to believe that these are just some wonderful protesters, not radical left ANARCHISTS!
Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
Great new book by Sarah! 
 Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are cont…
Because of my strong focus on the China Virus, including scheduled meetings on Vaccines, our economy and much else, I won’t be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the on August 15th. We will make it later in the season!
 Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE”. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMEN…
New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job!
 This is absolutely EPIC 🔥 he stopped a terrorist on a train in Europe, starred in a Clint Eastwood movie ; now he’s runni…
 Fox’s Chris Wallace: "In our interview last week with President Trump, he questioned whether his opponent Joe Biden could han…
“If Biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement, he kept it well hidden in his Philadelphia address. He criticized cops far more than he did arsonists ; looters.” Michael Goodwin,
All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!
 Source Says Declassified Memo Written After Obama Briefed On Clinton Plan To Tie Trump To Russia 
 School Choice creates more opportunities for children.The more parents understand this, they realize that they actuall…
 'Get The Hell Out': NFL Legend Mike Ditka Drops The Mic On People Who Don't Stand For The National Anthem 
 ‘Shut Those Agencies Down’ Says Rep. Nunes If Intel Does Not Release ‘Smoking Gun’ On Russia Hoax 
Thank you Winston-Salem, North Carolina!  
Opinion Editor at just walked out. That’s right, he quit over the excellent Op-Ed penned by our great Senator TRANSPARENCY! The State of Arkansas is very proud of Tom. The New York Times is Fake News!!!
The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place, ; everyone knows it. So much time is taken talking about foreign influence, but the same people won’t even discuss Mail-In election corruption. Look at Patterson, N.J. 20% of vote was corrupted!
 Florida Man Caught Requesting Ballot For Wife Who Died In 2018 

 Wow! 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party (and I believe this was before the “GREAT” Jobs Numbers yesterday). T…
 LAW ; ORDER!
The “protesters” are actually anarchists who hate our Country. The line of innocent “mothers” were a scam that Lamestream refuses to acknowledge, just like they don’t report the violence of these demonstrations! 
I built the greatest economy in the World, the best the U.S. has ever had. I am doing it again!
Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal! 
Donald Trump: If Biden Wins, China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via Would be a disaster for the USA!
 Fox News’ knocks media for playing down coverage of violence: “As we near the 60th day of rioting in Portland, w…
A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
 President Trump attacks Biden at tonight’s NC rally: "If Biden wins, China wins. It's as simple as that," and he slams
A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign. Thanks Zach! 
 is a SUPERSTAR running against a Lamb, to be exact, a weak puppet of crazy Nancy Pelosi! 
 Watch Fox’s “Democrats would rather fight Trump than fight crime. Democrats  can’t confront crime and violenc…
We do more testing than any country in the World, by far, over 55 million tests. Fake News says we should do more testing. But even if we did 100 times more, they would then say it is still not enough. They are totally discredited, just want Sleepy Joe to win in November! 
If I wasn’t constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations, Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Hoax, I’d be up by 25 points on Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats. Very unfair, but it is what it is!!!
 Corrupt Comey conveniently claims no memory of parts of FBI’s Trump-Russia ‘collusion’ probe 
 “President Trump’s approval rating is at 51%. Democrats are very nervous because at this stage of the re-election for Obama h…
 The most insulting racist stereotypes are OK so long as they are traveling under the banner of progressivism
Nice! 
Colin Powell was a pathetic interview today on Fake News CNN. In his time, he was weak ; gave away everything to everybody - so bad for the USA. Also got the “weapons of mass destruction” totally wrong, and you know what that mistake cost us? Sad! Only negative questions asked.
So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
 I’ve spoken privately with the President many times. I have NEVER heard him express anything other than extreme admiration fo…
 D’ya think?  
Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor, Nancy! 
Could it be even remotely possible that in Roger Goodell’s rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation, he was intimating that it would now be O.K. for the players to KNEEL, or not to stand, for the National Anthem, thereby disrespecting our Country ; our Flag?
 "Pat Lynch, the fiery head of the NYPD’s Police Benevolent Association union, accused New York’s Democratic leaders of walking…
 COVID-19's death toll shows us that in-home care of the elderly and infirm has serious advantages over nursing home models…
 My whole adult life, opponents of private gun ownership have insisted that an individual right to keep and bear arms was…
Actually, a great book by a great and highly respected historian, Doug Wead! 
 
 I hope the press digs into this.  Did Biden really have the answer to this Q pre-loaded into his teleprompter?  This is w…
Tremendous sincerity, what a guy. Hard to believe, with this kind of political talent, his numbers would “tank” so badly in Utah! 
He is, and people are not happy about it. The Washington Post is a political front for Amazon. Nobody treated Ronald Reagan worse! 
 Obama knew everything
Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000  via Great!
 If you’re more worried about unmasking on a balcony with no one close to him than you were by the Obama/Bide…
 “So long as a norm violation works against Mr. Trump or his supporters, it gets a pass. That’s mostly because the institu…
Wow! 
 More lies from the debunked 1619 Project. Describing the *views of the Founders* and how they put the evil institution o…
LAW ; ORDER, NOT DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE. The Radical Left Democrats have gone Crazy!
 Black Lives Matter protestor in Austin, Garrett Foster, shot at a car five times. He missed. The driver shot back, killing h…
CNN Polls are as Fake as their Reporting. Same numbers, and worse, against Crooked Hillary. The Dems would destroy America!
 Report From The Field: Michigan Swing Districts Still Love Trump 
 Pretty kind of these protesters to help out with the Republican swing state GOTV operation.
The House ; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, ; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!
Great book! 
The Lamestream Media refuses to talk about our Country’s record setting Jobs Numbers, which are indicating GREATNESS, and soon!
 This guy needs a therapist more than he needs social justice.  
11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!
We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
 It's a good thing they're wearing masks
Big day for Stock Market. Smart money, and the World, know that we are heading in the right direction. Jobs coming back FAST. Next year will be our greatest ever!
If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy?
Thank you! 
 I find it extremely ironic that all of the people who said "Trump would destroy America" are the one's burning our cities…
 What the radical left is doing to America has made me really sad this weekend.I don't have much more to add besides th…
 This is unreal. But it’s intentional Big liberal cities are trying to bait Trump into sending Feds across the country…
This year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our Country’s recorded history, and now the Radical Left Democrats want to Defund and Abandon our Police. Sorry, I want LAW ; ORDER!
 Trump has turned the Washington Post into The National Enquirer.
 Nothing to see here. Just silly rumors the *President* was briefed on.
Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord  via
...Crooked Hillary Clinton in 2016. They are called SUPPRESSION POLLS, and are put out to dampen enthusiasm. Despite 3 ½ years of phony Witch Hunts, we are winning, and will close it out on November 3rd! 
Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER! 
Thank you Mark! 
 Look at all that social distancing going down in Portland. 👀
I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country. 
 President Donald Trump has been nominated for the 2021 Nobel Peace Prize.He was nominated by Christian Tybring-Gjedde, a mem…
 This is why Trump is sending in Federal troops — this is a Federal Court House the state of Oregon is refusing to protect in…

I have retained highly respected pollster, McLaughlin ; Associates, to analyze todays CNN Poll (and others), which I felt were FAKE based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving. Read analysis for yourself. This is the same thing they and others did when we defeated...
Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski ; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via Great book, go out and give it a try!
  President Trump is nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for helping broker the peace agreement between Israe…
 It’s telling to see these pudgy  androgynes scream and shove cops in the manner they are used to screaming and sho…


 Ignoring what most people in the media say over the next few weeks. Particularly the folks who have been wrong about e…
 Donald Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize after Israel-UAE deal 

Wow! 
 Laid-off workers cannot wait. Small Businesses cannot wait.At direction we’re working around the ⏰ w/…
 Together we will win this war against coronavirus.  “This has been a week of national action and of great national sol…
 President "Governors, mayors, businesses, charities, and citizens are all working with urgency and speed…
 Tune into now! 👇🇺🇸
  Pres. Nominated For  by a Norwegian official who says he's "not a big Trump su…
 Your future under Biden:  "Rolling lockdowns' will become norm in Wales" 
 Congratulations Mr President!  Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize by Norwegian official, citing Israel-UAE peace deal 
 it's not republican vs democrat anymore. it's pro-america vs turn us into a third world hellhole.
 Can you imagine the riots and temper tantrums from the leftist mob when President Trump is re-elected and he wins the No…
 President Donald J. Trump has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. What took so long?
 One death is two many BUT  ; campaign are not telling American people about the comorbidity in the Covid num…
 I can’t think of anyone else more deserving of the Nobel Peace Prize than Congratulations on your nominat…
 The lib media’s “mostly peaceful” charade is another nail in the coffin of their credibility. They think people see them as a…
“Democrats ; Activists call to Defund Police Departments. They’ve gone so far Left that they eat their young.”
 ANTIFA is a fascist terror-group committed to bringing fascism to the United States by whatever means necessary.
 Trump Will Win New Mexico, Predicts State GOP Chair 👇
 Durham should question Obama. And Biden. And Mrs. Clinton.
 REPO: A Yale Epidemiologist has said hydroxychloroquine could save 100,000 lives.If only Democrats hadn't politicized i…
 REPEAL SECTION 230!!!
 A Nobel Peace Prize for Trump: Norwegian MP Nominates POTUS"The people who have received the Peace Prize in recent years…
 Democrats’ calls to defund the police are dangerous! Doing so would weaken the rule of law ; cause chaos in the US. President…
 “Mostly peaceful”
 “We believe now it’s time for us to have ears to hear, to listen carefully… I think it’s important that we listen first and then I…
 The Transition to Greatness has BEGUN as the stock market continues to SURGE!
 Abolishing police would only take us farther away from the safety, justice, and equal protection of the laws that every s…
 God Bless President Trump 
 "Indeed, Trump has broken a 39-year-old streak of American Presidents either starting a war or bringing the United States i…
 “Just weeks after helping to broker peace between Israel and the United Arab Emirates (UAE), President
 Congratulations on the Nobel Peace Prize nomination! Hopefully the committee follows through on it. Well deserv…
 “Just weeks after helping to broker peace between Israel and the United Arab Emirates (UAE), President Trump has been nomi…
Where is JUSTICE? 
 Democrats have taken up a radical push to defund community police forces, which would put the safety and security of all Americans…
 The only thing Trump has called a lid on is China virus 🔥
  nominated for Nobel Peace Prize by Norwegian official, citing Israel-UAE peace deal🚨 
Rigged Election, and EVERYONE knows it! 
Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts, shutdowns, ridiculous forrest fires, or water “rationing” (coming soon). We can win in California NOW! 
 “We can't give up the finest law enforcement anywhere in the world. There's nothing like it.”  
 Lawless thugs attacking man's truck meet the Second Amendment, a short story.


 
 TUNE IN NOW! 
 “We all support the notion that we can do better but this notion of defunding the police… frankly is just a bunch of political rhe…
DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!

 In 100 days, Americans will elect their next president. They will have before them a stark choice: President Trump’s e…
 TONIGHT: We're 100 days away from Election Day! Join Team Trump Online for 100 Reasons Not to Vote for Joe Biden at 8:00pm E…
 Americans are ready to get back to work and the economy is ready to rebound!  
...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL! 
The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion ; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion!
 LAW ; ORDER!
 Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!
 Joe Biden defended the radical mob, saying they’re “peaceful protesters.” He’s too weak! 
 This is great news! The economy is coming back with 2.5 million new jobs in May. The Republican economic plan is working and…
 I was honored to attend today’s ceremony for the signing of the Abraham Accords. The Middle East is changing for the bet…
Congratulations Matt 
 🚨 BREAKING 🚨The U.S. economy added 2.5 million jobs in May.That's the BIGGEST JOBS INCREASE EVER! 🥳 🇺🇸 
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
Great to be in Texas!
 There is nothing “peaceful” about using power tools to saw through fencing.
 These are not the actions of peaceful protesters. These are the actions of violent anarchists who are looking to harm fe…
Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
Congratulations 
 Today’s  indicating our economy added 2.5 million jobs in May, is a positive sign for our economic recovery.…
 LIVE: President delivers remarks on energy dominance 
 WATCH: Acting DHS Secretary Chad Wolf details the unhinged violence unfolding in Portland."They're coming armed with ro…
 SEVEN federal law enforcement officers were injured Friday night in Portland by rioters."We know what their aim is. The…
A GREAT Senator. Must return to Washington. Steve has my Complete ; Total Endorsement! 
We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding (thank you Mr. President!). Have fun! 
I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House.
 reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that the Governor ; Mayor do their job or we will do it for them. To complicated to discuss in a Tweet, but bad reporting by Fox (possibly on purpose!).
 Joe Biden's "peaceful protesters":"A city dump truck was set on fire""Rocks, batteries and other items... were thrown at…
 LIVE: President delivers remarks on judicial appointments 
Vote today for Big Jim, a great Governor. Love West Virginia! 
Proud of you Natalie! 
 President will ALWAYS put America first! 🇺🇸 
 
 Uh oh.
 RNC Chair McDaniel: With 100 days until election, enthusiasm gap points to reelection for President Trump!
NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH!
Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign! 
  reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that th…
 President “I don’t think Biden’s going to do too well in Texas," especially with no fracking part of his p…
True! 
Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything!   
 The President’s ground game is STRONG and we keep getting stronger. These next 100 days will be historic and we need patri…
 MUST READ THREAD on Joe Biden’s “peaceful protesters”
 Joe Biden now claims he opposes defunding the police.Here’s a list of issues he’s flip-flopped on:AbortionImmigration…
 Not the most promising strategy, of course, but Biden is welcome to try winning Florida without Hispanic voters.
New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen, but on massive scale, with USA. Fake News refuses to report!
 "If there is violence in the streets of the United States, you better believe that President Trump will be vocal in oppos…
Buffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur. 75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment.  I watched, he fell harder than was pushed. Was aiming scanner. Could be a set up?
...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!
The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan...
 The Obama/Biden Administration knew it was hoax. They knew the Trump Campaign didn’t collude with Russia. They knew the…
 Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic!
Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station! 
 You won't be safe in Joe Biden's America! 
...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!
 Yeah, yeah... I know that Hillary Clinton planned, financed, ; executed the Russia hoax to try to destroy the President we el…
Poll: Trump Better Than Biden On Economic Growth, 55% to 34%. That’s all? Who are the 34%?
Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy, and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. What’s that all about? Also, Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!
 At Harry’s in DC, 1 block from Trump Hotel.This is how everyone responded to the police walking in! 
 Question of the day for BidenIn the last 100 days you’ve embraced policies to crush local police, wipe out borders, give…
...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it...
On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter”, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true...
Mattis was our Country’s most overrated General. He talked a lot, but never “brought home the bacon.” He was terrible! Someday I will tell the real story on him and others - both good and bad! 
 It’s Wednesday, October 7th 2020, and Barack Obama was DEFINITELY the most corrupt President in US history.
 How the heck did this happen?
 Lap Dog Mattis is an embarrassment to America!  
 Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildin…
Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on Enjoy!
 “  ; their top intel officers huddled in the Oval Office shortly before was inaugurate…
Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster. Even testing areas are way off. The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting, but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race. Even beyond that, there’s no accurate count!
These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
 Proud to support this strong bipartisan measure to fulfill our national defense responsibility.  advances US national…
 I will never buy another NFL ticket until they go back to playing football and stop dividing America.
Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesn’t want to report this. Also, highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries!!!
 HUGE: President just ordered DECLASSIFICATION of docs detailing more evidence of Obama/Clinton seditious co…
 The CARES Act provided Kentucky and our nation with the tools to endure the first phase of the coronavirus crisis. But Am…
...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!
Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs...
 Will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on Enjoy!
 TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!
 Today, and I voted in favor of the FY 2021  to ensure that U.S. forces are equipped to defend against imm…
Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle, other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In Portland, we are protecting Federal property, including the Courthouse, which wouldn’t last a day!
 Looks like it’s going to be one hell of a week!! 👍  
With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE ; FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???
THE REAWAKENING OF AMERICA!
Will be interviewed by on - NOW!
 OBAMA KNEW EVERYTHING 
 Today I voted with 85 of my Senate colleagues to pass a strong  that authorizes $740.5 billion in critical def…
 As a member of I worked on behalf of Tennesseans to include 51 provisions in this year’s defense author…
 Our 33rd use of the Defense Production Act will mobilize Kodak to make generic, active pharmaceutical ingredients. 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kate Brown, Governor of Oregon, isn’t doing her job. She must clear out, and in some cases arrest, the Anarchists ; Agitators in Portland. If she can’t do it, the Federal Government will do it for her. We will not be leaving until there is safety!

 PASSED✅: The FY2021  which strengthens our national security and invests in military families just passed the Senate.…
 “Ask yourself why AG Barr fights Judicial Watch in virtually every FOIA lawsuit seeking records over the  coup…
Minnesota needs DJT ; NOW. When I insisted on the National Guard, things got better FAST. Enough with Omar, you’ll have nothing left! 
Thank you 
 As a combat veteran ; member of I’m proud to have helped pass the  that includes a number of my p…
 The Senate NDAA is good for our nation’s security!This bill gives our men and women in uniform the resources and supp…
Drug prices will soon be lowered massively. Big Pharma (Drug Companies) are advertising against me like crazy because lower prices mean less profit. When you watch a Fake Ad, just think lower drug prices!!!
 So now we know. Hillary was behind it. Obama gave the order. The only question now is what our side will do with this inf…
 "911.""Yes, someone is robbing my house.""The police no longer exist.""But someone is robbing my house!""Check your pri…
 Comey Pleads Ignorance Regarding Problems With The Steele Dossier  
 Today the US Senate passed the National Defense Authorization Act with my support, which will provide a much-needed pay…
 The FY 2021  provides U.S. troops with a pay raise and more than 30 kinds of special pay, such as hazard pay. It also s…
  funds projects at F.E. Warren Air Force Base in WY, reinforces our deterrent against China ; Russia, expands san…
 La. is the home of major military bases that play critical roles in our national defense. The NDAA includes authorizati…

 I think they had a similar directive at Pravda back in the day.
Support Patio Pizza and its wonderful owner, Guy Caligiuri, in St. James, Long Island (N.Y.). Great Pizza!!!
 When the truth about  is revealed, every scandal in American history will look mild in comparison.
 “  ; their top intel officers huddled in the Oval Office shortly before was inaugurate…
 🚨JUST NOW 🚨Senate passed  the 60th bipartisan NDAA:Giving troops a pay raise Bolstering our combat advantagePro…
 At a time of increasing risks and challenges to global security, America must lead in creating stability through a strong…
 Senate passed the NDAA today. This leg. authorizes important defense policy for our nation ; provides vital support for…
 I’m glad the Senate passed the National Defense Authorization Act today that prioritizes quality of life for our troops, w…
Great job you really get it! 
 This does not inspire much confidence in those who are supposed to protect us and to prevent anarchy. 
...the phone with his amazing wife Gloria, daughter, Melanie, and son Vincent to express my deepest condolences to the entire family. Melania and I loved Herman Cain, a great man. Herman, Rest In Peace! 
 Video proof is the great savior of democracy. Not so great for Democrats, however. Let’s have a look... 
 Voices on left concerned about rioters in Portland. No longer arguing it's 'peaceful,' worried about backfiring.
My friend Herman Cain, a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good, passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him, especially me. He was a very special man, an American Patriot, and great friend. I just got off...
  if the Senate should call Barack Obama ; John Brennan to testify under oath about their role in the Russia Hoax
Should have let police do their job and brought in National Guard on Day One, not Day Four! 
Thank you ; 
Thank you Heather! 
 The Secret Source Behind The Anti-Trump Dossier Is Finally Exposed 
 Typically, around two million workers transition from unemployed to employed every month. In May, 7.7 million did — by…
 LIVE: President participates in a roundtable on donating plasma 
LET'S BRING THEM HOME! 
 What exactly is a "voter registration physician?" 
VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 
 Don’t you love it when someone  lectures you on ethics ; morals, while at the same time being married to one of the most corr…

Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting (not Absentee Voting, which I totally support!).
 They intentionally edited out "in terms of equality"
Wow, what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way! VOTE 
 Up next:  Following successful demolition of the credibility of the and its exposure as the laughin…
 BOMBSHELL: New Russia Probe Documents Show Steele ‘Source’ Was Employee With ‘Rumor At Best’ Information 
You don’t want to miss segment with Thank you! 
We are going to WIN the 2020 Election, BIG! 
Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 
 Biased anti-Flynn rogue judge exceeds authority by refusing to dismiss wrongful charges 
 Anti-Trump GOP Operatives Have Massive Debt And Ties to Clinton Russia Friends 
 Mayor Lightfoot Chastises Police For Asking Trump to Help ‘Bring Back Civility To The Streets Of Chicago’ 
Must know Election results on the night of the Election, not days, months, or even years later!
 The Heat Is ON: Biden Campaign Goes On Defense Over Senate Burisma Investigation 
 Portland Mayor Gets Gassed At ‘Listening Session’ 
 19 People Watch Biden’s Live stream As He Explains Nurses Used To ‘Breathe In My Nostrils’ 
 
 Why does Joe Biden plagiarize foreign politicians so much? 
 A Dubious Order against the Seattle Ban on Police Use of Non-Lethal Force - I'm not quite where is on…
 Honestly, I think that our major media deciding this week to finally admit publicly what we've all been suffering through…


Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
 Arizona shows a directionally nice decline in new cases per 100,000 people and a drop in ICU space used by COVID. This site al…
 Trump critics wrongly mount political attack on his use of fed law officers to protect cities 
 Karl Rove DESTROYING Mr. Biden and the Democrats on COVID--their lies are endless and shameless.President Trump's action…
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
Thank you! 
As the Wall goes up, illegal crossings go down. This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border. We now have 256 miles of NEW Wall and we are on track to have 300 miles completed by the end of August! 
 This is close to 180 degrees opposite from what it should be. Why run op-eds that do nothing but boringly comfort you? NY…
  just gave me an incredible shoutout at the  rally, for my “beautiful dresses” 😭🥰😍🇺🇸 
My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus. If you’ve recovered from Coronavirus, donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES! Together, we will beat the Virus!🌐 
He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News!  
 This year’s  is a great win for our national security. I’m proud my Secure U.S. Bases Act was included which will…
 JUST PASSED: Good to see the Senate work together to pass a bipartisan  to ensure our troops are prepared to meet th…
Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, ;  systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!
 LIVE: President Trump Participates in a Coronavirus Briefing 
Great to spend time with Mike Singletary while going to Texas. He’s one of the greatest football players ever — A strong man and a really good person. Great being with you Mike! 
No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect”, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 President on Boat Parades and voter enthusiasm: "There's more spirit now than there's ever been for my camp…
 "Liberals push to relax rules protecting ballot integrity on the pretext of protecting society’s vulnerable from Covid-19…

 President announces that the Moderna vaccine has entered Phase Three clinical trial in "record time," the f…
Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn, who doesn’t have a clue, that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the U.S. than Europe, is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World. If we had no testing, or bad testing, we would show very few CASES..
.....Our massive testing capability, rather than being praised, is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner, the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats, as a point of scorn. This testing, and what we have so quickly done, is used as a Fake News weapon. Sad!
 These are the images the left, the media, and Joe Biden don't want you to see.They want to silence anyone who exposes t…
 📩INBOX —&gt; Trump Trendlines 
Your mother is GREAT! 
Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States, will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues ; Monuments Act. MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON. Don’t do it!
 You ordered thousands of senior citizens to their death in nursing homes. PRESIDENT has an army, which…
Great job by Jim Jordan, and also some very good statements by Tony Fauci. Big progress being made! 
NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!
 The support for our President  is real! Tremendous showing on Saratoga Lake today!  
NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending”, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They look for anything they can find, make it as bad as possible, and blow it up, trying to make it trend. Really ridiculous, illegal, and, of course, very unfair!
 Can’t go to church.Can’t go to work. Can’t go to school.Even Dr. Fauci says protesting is dangerous.But Democrats enc…
 We've never before formally endorsed a candidate.  Today, that changes.  Law Enforcement Today proudly endorses Donald…
We just got 50% in Rasmussen, and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday. He has been brought even further LEFT than Crazy Bernie Sanders ever thought possible. By the way, Bernie’s people love me on Trade!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
 The left is losing the middle
 an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan), is running an excellent campaign for the Senate. He loves Tennessee and loves our Country. We need him badly in Washington. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad! 
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PAY!
....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus, soon, and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!
The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful, sweet and innocent people just out for a little stroll. Actually, they are sick and deranged Anarchists ; Agitators who our great men ; women of Law Enforcement easily control, but who...
One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
 Donald Trump in 2007 on the terrible cost of the Iraq War:"Nobody talks about the soldiers that are coming back with no…
 Congresswoman Jackie Walorski  is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesse…
Pelosi ; Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars, and much more, for their Radical Left Governed States, most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!
Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below!  
Now is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!
 WOW!! 💥 Doctor calls out what should be the biggest scandal in modern American history; The suppression of   

 Saw Not Fat trending and totally thought it was something Trump said. 
Pelosi ; Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments, which is so terrible, especially since they fully understand that it was not the workers fault that they are unemployed, it’s the fault of China!
 6000 doctors surveyed across the world all said  works in Covid patients. Multiple Studies in Franc…
 How many people in NY died because Cuomo refused to allow them to try   ? HOW MANY?
Very disappointed in for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!
 Kenosha Police Chief Miskinis responds to the murder of two protestors by saying it wouldn't have happened if people weren'…
Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!
The Democrats are holding back the $1,200 to $3,400 (family of four) checks that were ready to be sent out!
 She’s a fearless warrior for the truth.....debunking the left wing narrative on  that is why they wan…
 WATCH → Dr. Fauci says leadership saved lives and that he was in agreement on the decisions.Did stop…
 POTUS and Melania (wearing a beautiful purple orchid dress) walk in at end of Pence speech. And then Trace Adkins sings th…
 "As a prof of epidemiology I have authored over 300 peer-reviewed papers. I'm fighting for a treatment the data supports…
  could save up to 100,000 lives if used for COVID-19: Yale epidemiology professor 
I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Florida—and honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Florida Sheriffs, THANK YOU!  
 "Excuses are a lot easier to find than solutions" -Coach Lou Holtz
 . took so much blowback for saying  could be a game changer. Then this 👇👇 
 REPO: More Evidence is submitted to a federal court by Assoc of American Physicians ; Surgeons  as part of i…
 CNN is a joke. 
 “Otherwise unarmed” now joins “mostly peaceful protest” in the Democrat media playbook of bullshit dishonesty

 Dr. Lee Vliet: Dr. Fauci has misled the American public on many issues, but in particular, on dismissing 
 "The single best way to defeat the disease is personal responsibility ... socially distance, wear a mask when you cannot av…
 Lou Holtz: "Can you imagine what would have happened to us if President Trump had not shown up in 2016?"
  Yale epidemiology professor Dr. Harvey Risch: “Hydroxychloroquine could save up to 100,000 lives if used for COVI…
“Comey is a disgraced lier ; leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.”
I’m with you all the way, thank you!
 Make  available over the counter! It will prevent and stop it for next to nothing! This is all outra…
We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
 Trump deserves at least one term without having to defeat a coup.
 The silent majority is getting louder and they are tired of the bullshit.We are saving this country: Trump is winn…
 Kayleigh McEnany is a stone cold political rock star.
 "President Trump has been fighting for you and now it's our turn to fight for him." Pence.
 🔴 REMINDER - July 25, 2020: 62 studies confirm the effectiveness of hydroxychloroquine.  Deafening silence of the Mainst…
We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!
New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win! 
 This press conference of doctors had 14 million views on Facebook today. FB took it down shortly after a NYTimes reporte…
Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France ; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard ; smart. We will come back STRONG!:: 

 Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn, who doesn’t have a clue, that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for…
 Failed Democrat leadership in major cities has reminded working-class Americans of all the reasons Law ; Order must be r…

 My new book is now available for pre-orders! LIBERAL PRIVILEGE! Sleepy Joe wont like this one... but lets be honest he…
 .....Our massive testing capability, rather than being praised, is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner, the…
Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine.
 Covid has cure. America wake up.  
Jake, this wasn’t a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern.
 
“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH.”  They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity. Jerry, blame it on Russia, Russia, Russia!

Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!
Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them. Plus, I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction!
Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices, at least, ; Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would....
Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!
Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern.
“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION, more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016” 
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
Moderator cut off Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...“Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
 We have reached a historic deal with to begin producing critical pharmaceutical ingredients right here in America! h…
A great new book, “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power”, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
 
Very excited to see long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 

 President is taking bold action to ensure that Americans are no longer reliant on foreign countries for cr…
 President on rapid vaccine development 
 President “We will bring back our jobs and we will make America the world's premier medical manufacturer a…
 President will enact his 33rd use of the Defense Production Act 

 
 We must never be reliant on a foreign nation for America's needs. "Restoring American manufacturing is a core matter of n…
“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!


 We are building the greatest medical arsenal in history! 
 is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military ; Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Estimates of the virus’s reproduction rate suggest that it’s risen back to around or above 1 in the following countries:🇬🇧T…
Mary Miller  will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low Taxes, and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Tackling the Pandemic: announces a historic $765m deal with Kodak to bring medical manufacturing back to the…
 
Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as "TOP COP.”  
 Extraordinary Accomplishment: says President historic deal with Kodak should be front pag…
Congressman is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 As Germany is experiencing a strong increase of new  cases, this is happening right now in Berlin.  “Day…
 will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, School Choice, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders ; Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement  

 President is deploying a four-part strategy to protect America's most vulnerable seniors from the Coronavi…
Cathy McMorris Rodgers  has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Congressman Dan Newhouse  is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 White House Press Secretary on the administration’s effort to develop a China Virus vaccin…
Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!
Mike Pence WON BIG!

 Shocking: AP Reporter Embedded with Federal Officers in Portland Describes Rioters' Violent Attacks 
Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer  is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler  works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 
Will be interviewed by at 8:00 A.M.   Great Jobs Numbers ; Economy, Plus!
Vote these people out. They are CRAZY!   

Congressman Billy Long  fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  


When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!
Great going to a very talented group! 

Dale Crafts  will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COU. This is not what the USA wants!!!  
 With  still counting votes from its previous  election, many are wondering if the same will happen for the 
Congressman Jason Smith  is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!
On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay...
If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!
 President Trump can no longer hold in-person rallies during the  but says that his base is as supporti…
 
The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden ; Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!
I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA! 
 No matter what did, what he closed down, how many masks he wore, were going to use his respo…
 Andrew P. Napolitano: “Feds may not deploy police or military domestically unless the state governor requests it.”
 The Democrats are holding back the $1,200 to $3,400 (family of four) checks that were ready to be sent out!
 I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Florida—and honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Fl…
TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
 New national survey finds 62% of voters say today’s political climate prevents them from saying what they believe. I’m s…
 Pelosi ; Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments, which is so terrible, especially since they fully u…
  an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan), is running an excellent campaign for…
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
 Very disappointed in for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothin…
 We just got 50% in Rasmussen, and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Bide…
“The Plus, Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help”, by the very smart and witty is on sale now. It is great, Canceling Cancel Culture. Make his book as successful as his T.V. Show. Buy it now!
Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!
 As the Wall goes up, illegal crossings go down. This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border.…
Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!
Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!
 REPO: New York City Spent $52 Million on Temporary Hospital that Treated 79 Coronavirus Patients 
 The Heat Is ON: Biden Campaign Goes On Defense Over Senate Burisma Investigation 
 CHICAGO LEADERS: City Witnessing Crime of ‘Biblical Proportion,’ Mayor Unable to ‘Maintain Law and Order’ 
  
 We are going to WIN the 2020 Election, BIG! 
In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
 GRAHAM: The FBI ‘Lied Their A** OFF’ to Congress about FISA Warrant, Steele Dossier 
 Congressional Democrats have not stopped their quest to remove President from office since the day he…
 Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station! 
  will stop at NOTHING to take down it was the Russia hoax, then sham impeachmen…
LAW ; ORDER!
Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!
 Nineteen years ago, 40 brave men and women triumphed over terror and gave their lives in defense of our Nation.We are for…
 "To the family members of Flight 93: Today, every heartbeat in America is wedded to yours." 
 The terrorists on Flight 93 had a fourth target in mind: our nation's capital."The only thing that stood between the enem…
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 Dems planning to harm  Why would they have to talk about the 25th Amendment?  It’s only invoked if
 Germany’s renewables experiment is over. By 2025 it will have spent $580B to make electricity nearly 2x more expensi…
 Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The…
 ....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are…
Jim Bognet  will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime, and he is Strong on Jobs, our Military, Vets, and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from I’m designating $3.6 million to reconstruct its terminal building, in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State. Glad to help the people of Arkansas!
Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
 - Output from industrial wind turbines declines by nearly *50%* (!) over 10 years- Cost of taking down old wind turb…
 "In New York, Arlington, and Shanksville, people raced into the suffocating smoke and rubble...More than 400 first respon…
 "When terrorists raced to destroy the seat of our democracy, the 40 of Flight 93 did the most American of things—they took…
Great news for Florida! $3.3 million will be sent to from for airport improvements and safety enhancements. This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the State’s economy!
 I wouldn’t put it past to stage a coup. She has already weaponized impeachment, what’s to keep her from…
I am designating $18.77M from for 7 airports across Pennsylvania. Northeast Philadelphia Airport, Erie International Airport, and others around the State. GREAT news for a GREAT State!
Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 
 You might want to adjust your presidential bets after seeing this. I think it’s over.

 New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor ; Mayor are destroying the place!
BIG bucks are on their way to Over $21.1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements. This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region!
I am designating $18.9 million from to MANY airports in Ohio, including and several others, for improvements, updates, and safety. Great for the economy and the people of Ohio!
 Kamala Harris Fabricated ‘Honest Abe’ Quote In History Lesson On Supreme Court Vacancies 
 The German -10.1% contraction simply compares Q2 to Q1 in 2020. What's the corresponding % for the US? It's -9.5% (you…
Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!
Reno-Stead Airport has big bucks coming its way. I’m designating over $4.8 million from to reconstruct the airport’s taxiway and ramp. This, along with 4 other airport grants to Nevada, will help in the economic recovery and GROWTH of the State!
Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
 More delays - DC Circuit WILL rehear Flynn case en banc with the full court...
I am in flying to the Great State of Texas. It is AMAZING in watching how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!
Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel 
If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!
 TOMORROW I join The Great One,  to discuss my new book, “Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the…
 GRAHAM: The FBI ‘Lied Their A** OFF’ to Congress about FISA Warrant, Steele Dossier 
 Very excited to see long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' whi…
 
...Your housing prices will go up based on the market, and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!
 Extremely rich career politician who, out of selfishness, basically pushed a small business owner out of business, is now…
 His name is Igor Danchenko 
 The Heat Is ON: Biden Campaign Goes On Defense Over Senate Burisma Investigation 
I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood...
 (The 25th Amendment does not work that way, and it’s also not a “coup” to use it)
 AG Asks Democrats ‘Since When is it Okay to Try and Burn Down a Courthouse?’ 
 7/31/20☀️FLORIDA!  
 
...With Biden, drug prices will quadruple! After many years, the game is finally up for Big Pharma, and they’re NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!
  President "Senate SHOULD Move Straight to Confirmation Vote on  WATCH MOR…
 CRUZ MISSILE: Cruz Asks Twitter to BAN CNN Over Post Promoting Same Drug That Got Trump Jr Barred 
 LIVE: President presents the Medal of Honor 
The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me, only because I am lowering drug prices massively, 50% and more! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years, but never did...
 Judicial Watch has filed an official complaint with the Office of Congressional Ethics about Rep. Ilhan Omar potential v…
 THANKS DE BLASIO! City Slashes Sanitation Budget 60%, Rotting Garbage Overflows on to Streets 
Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 

 The  is vital to maintaining ; expanding U.S. national security advantages over adversaries. MS benefits through its…
 "Have you ever watched this guy on television? Like a machine,  this installment Matt recounts…
Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program!
 GOP Resolution Slams Omar, Says Lawmaker Advocating ‘Marxist’ Government 
Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!
I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas, where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M.  Enjoy!
Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
 Fox News’ on the “Trump turnaround: You can feel the momentum shift in the Presidential race. It showed up in…
 Watch: Fox News’ on the “chaos candidate” Joe Biden 
THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
 Stepien: "We’ll pass on this sad excuse to bail out Joe Biden and do a rally instead."
 “Trump’s base is twice as fired up as Biden’s base. In fact, Joe doesn’t really have a base. Have you ever seen a Biden bumpe…
 Watch on Joe Biden’s blunders: “It would be truly sad if it wasn’t so scary that Joe Biden could be in charge…
...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately, the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!
Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
 Is Twitter censoring those who speak out about the risks associated with mail-in voting? joined t…
"What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?" 
If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement (Homeland) didn’t go into Portland one week ago, there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground. If the Mayor and Governor...
Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!
 Tomorrow 8 PM eastern, my big interview with my buddy Sean Hannity on Life, Liberty ; Levin! Please don’t miss it on Fox!
 Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor C…
...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!
This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! 
 
I love Colorado! 
 They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking p…
The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!
 More acts of courage from within the NBA - Miami Heat’s Meyers Leonard stands for what he believes! 
Really Sad! 
Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
 The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, a…
 Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Bi…
Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
 Now more than ever, we need leadership in Congress that will work to make it easier, not harder, to grow the economy and rec…
 If had her way, she’d make YOU foot the bill for her false attack ads, her staff’s salaries, and her persona…
 The case for re-electing in 800 words. My new column: 
A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
 I'm live online tonight, joined by my daughter Lilly, for our Tuesday Night Town Hall! With four weeks until the election en…
 Warren appears to roll her eyes as Joe Biden continually confuses what he's saying 
Great! 
I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! 
 And he’s too weak and confused to stand up to them.
Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News! 
Hello! 
 President said Tuesday that he declassified all documents related to the FBI investigation into Russian ele…
Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
 Always Ready, Always There! 
 No one has ever done this! Twice in one month!  has brokered yet another Peace deal in the Middle East.…
 The NYT is totally biased and has lost its way. Their agenda is the priority. Everything they do is advocacy. Everyth…
 If you are sheltering in place for Hurricane  Stay alert and follow instructions from local officials🔹 Let family know…
 Here are the 10 AM CDT Key Messages for Hurricane  which is approaching the Louisiana coast. Hurricane-force winds…
 THREAD:  latest stance she's hiding from voters? Medicare for All for illegal immigrants - which she franti…
VOTE! 
 Pres. says wants to take away Second Amendment rights in Virginia -- what do you think? 
Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes ; Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete ; Total Endorsement! 
Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!
 Preorder FIREBRAND:Dispatches from the front lines of the MAGA Revolution 
Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!
Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, ; God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!
Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. is there and ready!!!
 Democrats made a mockery of the Barr Hearing. 
Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!
  says is the  
 “Joe Biden actually wants to raise taxes over $7 trillion on the American people.” 
  Explains what’s going on in Portland. 
Will be doing show with at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!

Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!
 

 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 President on the Rush Limbaugh Show: I am totally for protecting pre-existing conditions 
  Shift in support to in battleground states. 
  says Doesn’t even have a base. It’s all borrowed Bernie Bros and Trump haters. 
COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE  
 “It would be truly sad if it wasn’t so scary that- Joe Biden- could be in charge of the nuclear football.” -
 “Don’t believe the lies you hear from the media or on social media about a Biden Victory. This is going to be a very clos…
Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 
 President met with the family of Army specialist Vanessa Guillén in the Oval Office on Thursday. 

 TODAY IS THE DAY! More platforms added: Vudu, Fandango, InDemand. Details at 
 President We want to get stimulus money to the people, Democrats view it as a political issue 
Thank you So true! 
 The great one Says Obama is a pathological liar. 
 the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!
Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped!
When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!
 Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 
Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!
 My interview with the president this evening!  Please share it with everyone you know!
Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!
I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down!  
 
....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!
Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost....
...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities...
Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced...
 Nope.Not the 25th amendment.Elections on November 3rd.Eyes on the prize and nevermind Twitter's shiny metal distra…
 If the polls are so accurate why are they wanting to use the  25th amendment ? They can’t wait 3 months ? They know…
 Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HIL…
Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?
 President to the people of Pennsylvania: I’ll never let you down and we will continue to put America First!…
 Great to be able to participate in the Gloucester, MA Trump boat parade yesterday.  Huge turn out to support 
 President Joe Biden and the far-left want to abolish borders, fully support sanctuary cities and incentivi…
 Joe Biden's radical agenda would wipe out our energy sector and destroy over 10 million American jobs.Under
Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!
Congratulations to former President a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!
As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing ; Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act ; the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety ; crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! 
Dale Crafts  will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets ; Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete ; Total Endorsement!  
Ashley Hinson  will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses ; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our  Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Yvette Herrell  is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!
We need Tiffany Shedd  in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!
My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!
We need in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!  
Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe  doing great, leading all others by far. not a factor!!!

So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines ; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait ; hit us. Pathetic!

RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!
FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!
 Tomorrow join me when i speak to  10am et   
My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!
 LIVE: President holds a news conference 
15 minutes to interview. Enjoy!
  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!
 The coastal areas of North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, and New Jersey are expected to see heavy wind and rain o…
 We're beginning to see evidence that the Coronavirus is receding around the country.By the numbers: 
 "I urge all Americans to continue to socially distance, wash your hands, wear a mask when you cannot avoid crowded places,…
In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!
 President latest order builds upon a series of actions we've taken to make telehealth available to ALL!…
 President just signed an executive order to ensure telehealth is here to stay! 
 "We've vastly expanded coverage allowing Medicare to cover more than 135 new services through telehealth." 
AP has long been Fake News! 
 President passed Veterans Choice and Veterans Accountability - our Veterans are finally being treated prope…
 President is directing and to form a task force that will break down barriers to expa…
 President on the Biden-Sanders Manifesto: "Biden is now running as the most extreme left-wing candidate in…
 Joe Biden Takes a Dark Turn on Blowing Up the Court - explains ... and rolls the tape of Biden (the 20…
 History Is on the Side of Republicans Filling a Supreme Court Vacancy in 2020 -  in anticipation of this week, vital l…
 It takes 2 things to appoint a justice: POTUS's nomination and Senate majority approval. In 2016, if Dems had the latt…
 'packing' is the new 'collusion' ...
 Did she do it? Of course she did it ... my weekend column on Hillary Clinton's orchestration of the Russia-Collus…
 President Drug prices are falling for the first time in 51 years thanks to this administration 
 5 years ago today....
People don’t remember the chaos, hatred ; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places,  were a complete ; total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc.
 In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post O…
Biden evades “Court Packing” question.  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!
 Very excited to see long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' whi…

OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!
They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job, according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines ; Cures, long ahead of projections! 
People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!
The Fake News, MSDNC, the failing and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J.
 If you want our police departments defunded, taxes to go up by $4 TRILLION, our borders opened, and the socialist Green…
Happy 230th Birthday  
 ppl may have other answers but they're wrong. this was firmly Trump’s best tweet
Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!
 Honored to have the great join  Herschel is a college and NFL great, an entrepreneur, and…
 LIVE: President signs the Great American Outdoors Act 
See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!
 The Great American Outdoors Act will ensure our national parks ; public lands can be enjoyed for generations to come. Thi…
Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires (management), or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! 
 SIGNED ✅: President has signed the Great American Outdoors Act into law!This legislation marks the single…
“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwi And it will only get better!!! VOTE

The Democrats are very proud! 
It’s the only way they know! 
Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot ; Vote by Mail! 
Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!
The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! 
Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law!  
Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law ; Order! 
I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. 
Taking advantage of fools. Law ; Order! Portland, call in the Feds! 
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL“Trump Wins in Portland”“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn
These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now! 
 Historic Presidency: joins Lou for an exclusive interview to discuss how he’s accomplishing so much despite…
Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!
The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!
Rigged! 
No. A Rigged Election! 
Leading by a lot! 
  explains one major difference between President Trump and Joe Biden: Unlike Biden the "political parasite", Trump…
See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on and Enjoy!!!
He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! 
California is going to hell. Vote Trump!
A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!
Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!
 President claimed “A Rigged Election” on Twitter after learning about the mistake in Ohio's Franklin County…
Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! 
SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!
Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 Democrats are trying to fundamentally, structurally change the court so they can add liberal justices and use the judi…
 American Bar Association Awards Judge Barrett a 'Well-Qualified' Rating 
 Today is the 1st day of the confirmation hearing for Amy Coney Barrett, a respected judge who is supremely qualified to ser…
 Judiciary Committee about to gavel in to begin hearings for  - I hope Democrats today will clearly renounce t…
 2day the SCOTUS hearing for Judge Amy Coney Barrett begins at 8AM Iowa time/1st day of 4 days of hearing 2day judiciary…
 
 It’s the only way they know!
 Judge Amy Coney Barrett is a woman of character, a person of faith, and an exceptional mother of 7 children. 
 I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
 Judge Barrett has just arrived in the hearing room.   
Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!
The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!
Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!
Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!
 Do you know where I am?Maxine Waters’ $6 Million Mansion.Do you know where I’m NOT?Her District.Mansion Maxine Wa…
 Incredibly grateful that Fox showed my ad calling out Mansion Maxine Waters today.Very cool! 
Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!! 
 My name is Eric Early. I’m running against Adam Schiff. He doesn’t care about improving our 28th District or America.…
 Eric Early’s New Commercial Shreds His Opponent Adam Schiff 
 Political outsider Eric Early is set to take the stage to debate lying, leaking Adam Schiff. Find out who has the best plan to cl…
 EPIC! for CONGRESS! 
 Californians deserve better than Adam Schiff as their Congressman.The American people deserve better than Adam Schiff a…
 Are you nervous He hasn’t run tv ads against a Republican opponent in 20 years.He’s now running them aga…
 Thank you Schiff has been in Congress since 2001 and has accomplished nothing. 
 Yep. Chip in to my campaign at this link if you want him out of office. 
 I run to:• Remove national disgrace Adam Schiff from Congress; • Deal with the problems facing California’s 28th Dist…
 I helped organize a prayer group for the Los Angeles County deputies injured in an ambush shooting. What did Adam Schif…
 If you're a Republican in California and you think your vote doesn't count, you are just listening to the propaganda they…
 Thank you, WBFF FOX 45 for having me. I wish we had more time. The crime ; violence in Baltimore City is the direct resu…
 Tens of millions of you have shared the struggle of black people in Baltimore. You cared about our black lives more than…
 Today is October 12, 2020. There are 22 days until President Trump is re-elected.Liberals, what are you offended by to…
 Michele Obama and : You called this peaceful protesting?  I do not think so. 
 This is why you should listen to my new Podcast "Your Vote is at Risk" or click 
 California is Trump Country. 
 I suggest you restore funding for  and solve the homeless problem. Your tenure in office is almost over. Never agai…
 We’re meeting voters exactly where they are! Today we’re in North Philly and we’re coming back tomorrow!No Days Off!…
 We are 7-0 in lawsuits! 
 Kristen Welker, the moderator for the "3rd" debate, mysteriously deletes her entire twitter account. This after Steve Sc…
 President Trump should replace the commissions cancelled second debate by accepting joe rogan’s offer and inviting Biden…
 Black voters speak out in Delaware.  👀 
November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight.
 SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of t…
 Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs…
 See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on and Enjoy!!!
 Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!
 Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Ye…
Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!
STOCK MARKET UP BIG!
 New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!
 California is going to hell. Vote Trump!
 Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump!
So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals ; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied ; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!
We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!

Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!
The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! 
STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!
HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!
 Vice President Where Joe Biden is talking about shutting down the economy, President is openin…
 Vice President Joe Biden has been a cheerleader for China, President put China on notice on da…
 President promised the American people he would nominate judges who will interpret the Constitution faithf…
 Hey Georgia:Early Voting begins TODAY! Jim Crow Joe has had 47 years to provide solutions for our Country and has prov…
 Under President Trump’s leadership, Arizona is leading the Great American Comeback for the country. 🇺🇸Great being back i…
  delivers for all Americans! 
 I don’t know why thinks he can continue to lie about this. He wants to ban fracking and end all fossil fuels like…
 President excels at communicating directly to the American people. Joe Biden communicates to the DC B…
 LIVE: Presidential Debate  VOTE to 88022 
Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!
Suburban women want Safety ; Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! 
