Sen. Lindsey Graham laces debate with 'one-liners'  via
"After five positive performances, Lindsey Graham says he’s earned a spot in top tier debates"
I know how to defend this country and win a war we can’t afford to lose. 
"Palmetto Sunrise: Lindsey Graham dominates headlines after debate"  via
Thank you Kalin Family for hosting a great party in Londonderry tonight  
On the way to a house party in Londonderry hosted by Pascal Kalin w/ to meet some  voters
"Graham delivered the sort of bold truth-telling that deserved to have been made face-to-face with Trump." 
Spending the afternoon discussing my plan to defeat ISIL with at my Londonderry Town Hall at 1:30 
  ; at Town Hall in New Hampshire - LIVE on C-SPAN  
See you this weekend, New Hampshire! 
Meeting  voters at the Londonderry w/ 
Join me ; while we discuss national security at my town hall event in Plaistow NH this morning at 10:30 
Starting the day off w/ at the Londonderry for a great breakfast! 
Lindsey Graham addresses teenagers in N.H.  via
 and I will be in New Hampshire today and tomorrow: 
"[Graham] has a different perspective than a lot of the other candidates." 
Protecting Americans from terrorists ; defeating ISIL are my top priorities.  
I suggest Mr. Trump visit the Ukraine and Syrian refugee camps to see if Putin is really respected and deserves praise.
Just when you think it can’t get worse: A leading American candidate for President praising Putin.
Getting in bed with Iran and Russia to save Assad... is inconceivable! 
Obama gave away everything we fought for. 
I blame Obama for ISIL - not Bush. 
Leave the Muslim faith alone, go after the radicals that kill us all.  via
Via at Lindsey Graham Holds His Ground On Terrorism In Undercard Debate 
 A.B Stoddard: “W/ the exception of no one really had a national security plan."   
"Sen. Lindsey Graham acted as the responsible adult at Tuesday's    via
Lindsey Graham: 'I miss George W. Bush!'  via
Graham: Obama ‘gave away everything we fought for’ in Iraq  
Lindsey Graham turns "The Princess Bride" into debate point  via
"Put Lindsey Graham in the main debate against Donald Trump already!"  via
Lindsey Graham's best lines from CNN's undercard debate:  
Happening Now: LIVE on w  
  slammed strategy in foreign affairs.  
 Everyone on the stage, moderators included, are ceding foreign policy expertise to Graham.
  at the  IRL. Seriously. 
 "The guy's got a pair of twos and we've got a full house," says Lindsey Graham in the perfect Vegas-Putin reference. 
 i'm thinking that is winning this.
 Little 4 of the "Undercard" are looking like the BIG 4. Discussion of war ; terrorism is so smart ; substantive,wish all US…
  says fighting ISIS requires boots on the ground.  
 For sheer command of performance ; specificity, looks like Graham has won another undercard debate.
  "To the isolationists in our party, you're no better than Obama." 
If I'm POTUS and you join ISIL, you're going to get killed or captured.
 Lindsey Graham passing the presidential character test with flying colors.
 Continuously wow'd by Graham's debate performances. Would really be an interesting voice to add to the main stage. 
 Graham: "There are at least 3,500 Muslims serving in the American armed forces.” Thanks them for service. “Your religion i…
   has done the one single thing you cannot do: declare war on Islam itself." 
  This is a religious war between radical Islam and the rest of the world. 
 “Declaring war on the religion only helps ISIL” on Muslim ban   
 Lindsey Graham bringing heat. Calls Cruz and Paul "isolationists"
 Graham: "Senator Paul and Senator Cruz are both isolationists." More on the Hawks strategy here:  
 Emotional opening by who really deserves the main stage 
 Graham on Muslim ban: 'You may think this makes us safe, but it doesn't'
  is at  with Todd. She stopped by before the show.  Quick pep talk? 
 Graham highlights his foreign policy experience, as says “we will win” the war on terror. 
Starting in one hour, I'll be on  talking about the  Join me by tuning into 
Tonight: I'm talking national security and how to defeat ISIL at the  6pm EST on 
Tomorrow at 6pm, I'll be talking national security and my plan to  on the  Tune in on 
Tomorrow during  I'll be talking about my  to defeat ISIL. Read it here: 
Graham: Donald Trump ‘Declaring War on the Muslim Faith’   via
If understood this war, he would realize he's putting us all at risk.  via
 ; I lay out our strategy to defeat  ; combat terrorist threat:  via
ICYMI: My op-ed w/ in "How to Defeat  Now—Not ‘Ultimately'" 
 is making it difficult to have partnerships with Muslims who overwhelmingly reject radicalism. 
Donald Trump's plan to ban Muslims is both counterproductive and dangerous.  via
LIVE on the now to address Trump's offensive comments ; the fight against radical Islam.
Talking w/ about my plan to destroy ISIL. Tune into  Saturday at 9am ET for the full interview
 has done the worst possible thing, and that's declare war on the Islamic faith itself. 
Enjoyed talking with  students at Concord High School. Thanks so much for having me! 
If the threat of ISIL is not removed quickly, no one should be surprised if America gets attacked again. 
Taping a segment w/ this morning. Tune into today for the full interview 
On the way to Concord for a town hall where I’m sure I will hear many national security questions 
LIVE on talking about my plan to destroy radical Islam w/ 
 At 9:15, we'll be joined by Presidential candidate Listen here:  
 "I'm not worried about ISIS taking over the country, I'm worried about another 9/11," says at Manchester.
Heading to the NH Business Forum on Manchester to talk about the intersection of national security ; economic security 
LIVE on talking about national security ; the 2016 race. Tune in now! 
Talking w/ on at 1:47pm ET about my plan to destroy ISIL ; the 2016 race 
On the way to Exeter for a  town hall meeting!
 Pres. Cand. opens his conversation w/ w/ humor.   
 LIVE: Lindsey Graham is set to speak about Donald Trump's recent remarks at an event in Portsmouth: 
 Prez Cand Lindsey Graham at Ports Rotary - will 'respond to Trump'      via
Meeting w/ the Portsmouth Rotary Club today in Greenland, NH for what should be a great lunch with  voters!
Taping a segment w/ for stay tuned for the full air time 
LIVE from NH w/ discussing why we need the  to defeat ISIL 
Joining on this am at 10:30am ET talk about the damage ; are doing to our chances of defeating ISIL
On now LIVE from NH talking about my plan to destroy ISIL and radical Islam 
Tune into at 10am ET I will be on LIVE from NH to discuss my plan to defeat ISIL 
Talking w/ on this morning LIVE from NH. Stay tuned for the full interview 
LIVE w/ Peter St. James on NH Wake Up talking 2016 ; my plan to destroy ISIL. Tune in now!  
Joining Peter St. James on NH Wake Up this morning at 8:45am. Tune in for some 2016 talk ; more!  
LIVE w/ from Manchester, NH talking about why we need the  to destroy ISIL. Tune into to now!
Joining LIVE from NH at 7:05pm ET to discuss non-existent strategy to defeat ISIL. Tune into
Do you think our nation is safe right now? Do you personally feel safe? 
Obama is overwhelmed by radical Islam in general. He doesn’t have a strategy to destroy ISIL. 
For God's sake, Mr. President, come up with a ground force to go in and  before we get hit at home.
ISIL is large, rich, and entrenched. If I were president, they would be small, poor, and on the run. 
 Just Now: Sen on Trump "What he's doing is undercutting the war effort"
 Just Now: Sen on Trump "He's basically declaring war on the Muslim faith"
LIVE w/ talking about my plan to destroy ISIL. Tune in now! 
Talking w/ tonight at 6:15pm ET about what the next POTUS needs to do to destroy ISIL 
Please take my quick 5-question survey on national security: 
 ICYMI: ; I lay out strategy to defeat  ; combat terrorist threat in today: 
What is doing is undercutting everything we stand for. He’s undercutting how you win the war 
 is putting our soldiers and diplomats at risk, he’s empowering the enemy. 
“Disgusted” 
 doesn’t represent the values that the men and women who wear the uniform are fighting for 
“You know how you make America great again? Tell to go to hell” 
It's time to take ISIL seriously and destroy them over there before more can come over here. 
LIVE on talking about the  to destroy ISIL
Joining this morning at 8:00am ET to talk about my plan to defeat radical Islam
Every candidate for president needs to do the right thing ; condemn statement.
He’s putting at risk the lives of interpreters, American supporters, diplomats, ; the troops in the region by making these bigoted comments
 has gone from making absurd comments to being downright dangerous with his bombastic rhetoric.
 is a wake-up call. Our country needs to step it up when it comes to ISIL:
Sen. Lindsey Graham reacts to California shooting via 
LIVE on talking about the  to destroy ISIL. Tune into now!
Joining ; on at 11:30am ET today to talk about the  to destroy radical Islam
LIVE on w/ discussing my plan to defeat ISIL 
Consider donating to a local food bank this holiday season, like 
Talking w/ on at 10:04am ET this morning about my plan to destroy radical Islam 
Talking about the  to defeat radical Islam LIVE on now! Tune into
Tune into at 9:30am ET to hear me discuss the  to defeat radical Islam
 Great having you on You are one of the best! 
LIVE on discussing my plan to defeat ISIL. Tune in now!
Joining on at 8am ET this morning to discuss what should be doing to destroy ISIL
  "Another 9/11 is coming here. This is not about lone wolves...the people who planned Paris want to come her…
Talking to on NOW. Tune-in for my reaction to President Obama's address.
Happy Hanukkah to those celebrating tonight. Wishing you a joyous holiday season! 
Great to speak with voters at the Women's Initiative Forum in Manchester this weekend.  
 Lindsey Graham: "There's a 9/11 style attack coming to America -- and i can tell you who is planning it: The leaders of I…
 Sen. Graham is critical of Sen. Paul's foreign policy: "This flirtation with isolationism...is over." 
Talking w/ on today about the growing threat of radical Islam. Be sure to tune into
  at the NH Women's Initiative Forum in Manchester    
Enjoyed meeting the great folks at w/ Darline. Please consider giving to local food banks this holiday season 
Headed to the Women's Initiative Forum in Manchester, NH today looking forward to a great event put on by 
Always great to be back in the Granite State! 
Looking forward to the 2015 Holiday Gathering in Keene, NH this evening. See you there! 
On my way to Lebanon, NH for the Connecticut River Run. Stop-by ifyou're in the area. 
My strategy to defeat ISIL has remained consistent: whatever it takes, as long as it takes, to destroy them. 
LIVE on the to discuss the latest on ISIL and how to defeat them. Listen here: 
Here in Manchester, NH about to call-in to the Listen here at 3:20pm ET: 
On the Real Story with on LIVE from New Hampshire. Tune in now! 
 If I were president they would be small, poor, and on the run - on 
Joining on at 2:30pm ET from Manchester, NH to discuss the  to defeat ISIL. 
Discussing national security w/ on Tune-in NOW!
Heading on the Intelligence Report w/ on at 2:05pm ET today from Manchester, NH. 
Talking to about the latest on  at 12:15pm ET from NH. Be sure to tune-in to 
I am advocating to be all-in to  
Joining bright ; early on  today to talk about my upcoming trip to NH. Tune in here: 
Campaign milestone - officially making the  ballot in Virginia! 
Proud to be 7th GOP candidate to officially make the Virginia primary ballot. 
 Graham gets loud standing ovation at end
"Graham: You can't fix Iraq without dealing with Syria"  via
  speaks at Republican Jewish Coalition  – LIVE online here:  
Thoughts ; prayers are with 
On and I talked about strategies to  
You can't fix Iraq without dealing with Syria.  
 Lindsey Graham turns-in (provisionally) enough signatures to qualify for Virginia ballot -- a major org test. 
Watch and my interview from Irbil, Iraq: 
 Good to see candidates like we have hosted at forums talk national security and foreign policy -- 
Taping an interview w/ ; for stay tuned for the full interview!
If we don't destroy ISIL in Syria, they could hit the American homeland. (via in Irbil, Iraq) 
  and want a U.S.-led force against  in Syria  
The war against ISIL is a war I intended to win. via 
The entire region wants Assad gone so there's an opportunity with some American leadership… to destroy ISIL 
As president, I will preserve our security abroad and ensure our nation’s safety at home.  via
Graham: “If you don't look at Iraq ; Syria as one battle space you’re making a huge mistake” 
If we don't destroy ISIL in Syria, which is their headquarters, we're going to get attacked at home 
Graham: “I cannot stress to you how urgent it is that we destroy ISIL.” Via 
Check out my interview from Baghdad, Iraq w/ on today 
Security. Strength. Things we expect from our Commander in Chief. 
Read about my childhood in Central, SC in my free ebook:  
LIVE from Baghdad on w/ talking about my plan to defeat ISIL. Tune into now!
I will be on this morning w/ LIVE from Baghdad to talk about my plan to defeat ISIL. Be sure to tune in
My upbringing shaped who I am today. 
Read about my childhood home in my FREE ebook at  
In a dangerous world, experience matters. 
Learn more about my childhood in Central, SC in my free ebook:  
I am thankful for my friends and family and the freedoms we enjoy in America. What are you thankful for today? 
From my family to yours, have a safe and happy Thanksgiving. 
 Give hardest worker candidate prize in NH to   
I have the experience to win a war we can’t afford to lose ; that’s why I’m running for 
ISIL is a threat to our homeland and needs to be destroyed.
“If you don’t understand we need boots on the ground to destroy ISIL, you are not ready to be commander in chief." 
Graham on ISIL: “I’ve seen them rise, I know what they intend to do ; they intend to come here” Via 
 “You were probably the most outspoken candidate when it came to ISIS” 
“Graham on ISIS: We're fighting a war, not a crime” Via 
Check out my appearance on the from this weekend where we discuss my plan to destroy ISIL 
“Bottom line is: I learned diplomacy in that bar.” Via 
“Let Lindsey be Lindsey,” McCain says. “They can ask him anything, and he can give an impressive answer.” 
  says  would not stop him from deposing Assad after destroying   
On Sunday I sat down with you can watch my interview on here: 
“From bar stool to presidential bid, Lindsey Graham taps old lessons” Via 
If we’re serious about destroying ISIL, Assad needs to go.    
 is playing checkers with Syria and ISIL is playing chess. We need to implement the 
As Commander in Chief I’m prepared to fight ISIL over there to keep America safe at home. 
Stopping by New Horizons food pantry in NH today. I'm truly inspired by all these people do to help others especially, this time of year
Taping an interview w/ now in NH, tune into later today to see the whole segment 
 and discuss how the US should respond to ISIS 
 Thank you for visiting in Keene and speaking to employees yesterday! 
 GE CEO calls a "very important voice" and has a "real world view."
I'm still the only candidate with an effective plan to defeat ISIL.  
Joining at 8:30am ET today on to talk about the  LIVE from NH. Be sure to tune in 
 tonight taking questions from students and staff  
Taking the stage at town hall at 6:35pm. If you’re in the area I hope you can join us for what should be a great event 
You’ve got two choices; fight them in their backyard or our backyard. I choose their backyard 
The American people are right! doesn’t have a clear plan to defeat ISIL.
Talking national security, health care ; protecting the middle class w/ employees in Keene, NH  
We can destroy ISIL, we just have a president who is not willing to do it. 
Visiting ; hosting an employee town hall at 2:45pm today in Keene 
Touring today in Hillsborough, NH. Excited to learn how government can help grow businesses like this 
Graham claims mantle as the one to defeat ISIL | New Hampshire 
"For two years I have been talking about a ground force to destroy ISIL in Syria and Iraq” Via 
Paris isn't the last city we'll talk about. I want an away game, not a home game, with Radical Islam. via 
We’ve learned that President Obama is overwhelmed when it comes to radical Islam. His strategy is failing 
 LIVE on  Republican Presidential Candidate Senator Lindsey Graham. 
  edit board meeting with Right off the bat we are talking about ISIS.  
  claims mantle as the one to defeat ISIS:  
"I have the experience, I’ve been there 35 times over the last decade, 30 years in the air force” Via 
Obama’s plan to destroy ISIL by air is not going to work. We need ground forces. 
LIVE on w/ in Manchester, NH. Tune into now! 
“I hope will wake up. I have a plan to win a war we cannot afford to lose."  via
"I have the experience, I’ve been there 35 times over the last decade, 30 years in the Air Force” Via 
After 35 trips to MidEast, 30 years in USAF, I am best prepared to be commander-in-chief:  
Heading to Laconia now for a town hall where I’m sure I’ll hear ; answer many national security questions 
"President Obama’s policies are not working, you cannot destroy these guys from the air” Via 
A large regional army to go in and take the caliphate away from ISIL. There is no other substitute for this 
Stopping by the Tilt’n Diner in Tilton next this morning 
I want to play offense. The way you destroy ISIL ; prevent an attack on our homeland is to go where ISIL resides 
Dropping by the in Manchester at 9:30 this morning. I hope to see you there! 
ICYMI: My interview w/ from Friday where I discuss the  to destroy ISIL 
If you are in Bedford make sure to stop by my town hall tonight w/ We will answer every last question in true  fashion
As I told I've learned that ISIL cannot be contained or compromised with. It must be destroyed. 
 policies are not working when it comes to destroying ISIL.  
We can destroy ISIL, we just have a president who is not willing to do it. 
 . in Wilmot,NH says that air strikes alone will not defeat ISIL in Iraq and Syria.  
senjohnmccain is always promising to interpret my southern accent to these folks in New Hampshire… 
Great meet ; greet to start the day w/ Vietnamese-Americans ; in Manchester, NH  
President Obama has no strategy to destroy Radical Islam. I do.  
President Obama is ill-equipped for the times in which we live. He doesn’t understand Radical Islam. 
First town hall meeting of the weekend with senjohnmccain in Hudson, NH.  Halfway through we got a… 
  to  "There’s nobody other than myself, humbly, that has a vision how to destroy ISIL" 630pm …
  ; talking foreign policy in      via ke…
 "He was pushing it before Paris, now the old hawk is really being paid a little more attention to" - on
LIVE from NH w/ on now! Tune in for a can’t miss national security discussion  
On the way to a town hall meeting in Hudson w/ look forward to hearing many questions ; answering them all 
Tune into at 6:05pm ET -  you won’t want to miss ; I discuss my plan to destroy radical Islam
  Choice Is to Fight ISIS in Their Backyard or Our Backyard  htt…
LIVE w/ now in NH talking about my plan to destroy radical Islam  
In Hudson and on the way to the Northside Grille w/ Stop by if you’re in the area! 
Joining at 5:22pm ET to talk about my plan to destroy radical Islam 
Talking to employees at in Manchester w/ No lawyer jokes from him yet!  
 At McLane Middleton, ; discuss spread of ISIS, say President failed to lead.  
 McCain and Graham begin a weekend of town halls in New Hampshire.  
 Opening show w and talking  
 Look fwd to kicking off busy weekend in  w/ my friend employee town hall in 
Heading to w/ for an employee town hall in Manchester to kick off our big weekend in NH! 
LIVE from NH on w/ discussing the  to destroy ISIL  
Tune into at 3:15pm ET for a joint interview w/ ; me LIVE from NH  
LIVE on now! Tune in now to hear the  on how I would stop radical Islam 
Tune into at 2:15pm ET to hear my plan to destroy radical Islam LIVE from NH 
ISIL agrees.  
Taping an interview w/ this morning in Manchester. Watch the full interview on  
LIVE w/ previewing my weekend in NH w/ Tune into now!  
Good morning from NH! Previewing my Granite State weekend w/ on at 8:10am ET 
 Honest question: if you're a Republican ; you're concerned about terror/foreign policy/homeland security, why not
The truth is, you cannot  if you don’t remove Assad from power.
 plan to take on ISIL is to double down on Obama’s failed foreign policies. 
 We can’t  from the air and we can’t completely outsource the fight to other forces.
It's time to get serious about defeating ISIL.  
I am willing, ready, and able to destroy ISIL. via
 we must implement  to destroy ISIL and keep Americans safe. 
  joins "It's impossible for the region to repair itself with Assad in power"
LIVE on w/ talking about my  to destroy ISIL ; keep America safe. Tune in now!
Joining on at 1:45pm ET today to discuss my  to destroy ISIL. Be sure to tune in
  If Obama doesn't disrupt ISIS on the ground in Syria, they will come here  
LIVE on describing the  to destroy ISIL. Tune in now!
 NEXT on - discusses the debate over accepting  in the U.S. ; how to beat  
Talking LIVE w/ on now! Tune in for how I would destroy ISIL ; much more 
Talking w/ at 9:45am ET about 2016 ; how I plan to destroy ISIL. Tune into 
 "President Obama is a weak opponent of evil." -- on   
 "I blame President Obama 100 percent for the rise of ISIL." -- 
 "(Obama) always oversells his successes and undersells his threats." -- 
  says he would rally region to help in fight against the Islamic State. Listen: 
LIVE on w/ now! We are talking about ISIL ; my upcoming trip to NH w/ 
Joining at 8:00am ET to talk about the  ; my upcoming trip to NH w/ 
With  we can defeat ISIL. First step is authorizing the force to do it.  
 WATCH LIVE: joins  + the latest national poll on ISIS  
 Next on WADR: is on set to talk foreign policy ; his campaign. Watch live:  
LIVE talking to now about the  to destroy ISIL. Watch here:  
Joining at 5:05pm ET to discuss my plan to destroy ISIL ; keep America safe, tune in here: 
 has a weak response to an immediate nat'l security threat. 
Talking w/ today about the  to destroy ISIL, see it in full later today on ;
Taping a segment w/ ; of about my plan to destroy ISIL. Tune into  tonight for the full interview!
To destroy ISIL, we must authorize force not limited by geography, time, or means.   via 
I have developed an urgent military strategy for dealing with ISIL.
Two ways to destroy ISIL: Fight them in their backyard or our backyard. I choose their backyard.  
In order to solve the Syrian refugee problem you have to  
ICYMI: Watch my interview w/ to hear more about the  to destroy ISIL. 
  I'm going to do with ISIL what we did to Al Qaeda after 9/11: Declare war on them. 
LIVE w/ talking about my plan to destroy ISIL ; why the world needs American leadership on now
 "2 ways to deal w/ ISIL: fight them in their backyard or our backyard. I choose their backyard," 
  to Congress: “If you’re not willing to declare war on ISIL, you’re making a mistake for the ages.” 
Heading over to to talk national security ; my play to destroy ISIL w/ tune in at 9:15am ET
LIVE on talking about this morning’s events in Paris, tune into now!
  ISIS is getting stronger, coming to the U.S.
Sitting down w/ on at 8:50am ET to talk about this morning’s terror raids in France
LIVE on talking about the latest in the fight against ISIL, turn on now!
Up early in NYC to chat w/ about the breaking news out of France, tune into at 8:15am ET
I have a clear strategy to confront ISIL and Radical Islam.   
IVE talking about my plan to destroy ISIL ; keep America safe w/ on 
Bobby Jindal has always been a strong voice for the conservative cause, served the people of LA well, ; I wish him ; his family all the best
  tells about his plan to put troops on the ground to fight ISIS  htt…
I’m looking for an away game when it comes to ISIL, not a home game.    via ;
The  is simple: whatever it takes, as long as it takes, until we defeat ISIL. 
We need to confront ISIL head on in their own backyard if we want to protect Americans at home.  
The only way to stop another 9/11 is to hit ISIL in their backyard before they hit us.   via ;
We need a timeout on bringing Syrian refugees into America until there is an effective vetting process. 
  to join for 8 NH stops later this week    
I am on LIVE w/ talking about my plan to destroy ISIL, tune in now 
France is taking action against ISIL. Time for to implement  to keep America and our allies safe. 
Joining on today at 2:40pm ET to talk about the Paris attacks ; my plan to destroy ISIL 
We must implement  to stop the spread of these terrorists. 
LIVE on Atlanta radio w/ talking 2016 race ; national security, tune in now! 
Talking w/ today at 1:15pm ET on in Atlanta about the 2016 race ; my plan to destroy ISIL 
 is walking faster in the wrong direction when it comes to dealing with ISIL. 
Intelligence committee chairmen agree has no strategy against ISIL. I believe  is our solution. 
From op-ed: "After Paris, it’s clear: Doing the minimum won’t make us safe." I couldn't agree more. 
 After  most of GOP field starting to sound like
We can fight ISIL in their backyard or in ours. I choose to fight them in their backyard.   
  and We need a Syria "surge"  via ; 
I have a plan to protect us against another 9/11. Without American boots on the ground, we’ll get hit.  
LIVE on now w/ discussing how America should be leading the fight against ISIL
LIVE on talking about my plan to destroy ISIL now w/ tune into
Appearing on today w/ at 7:30am ET to share my plan to defeat ISIL, make sure to tune into
Joining alongside this morning at 7:00am ET to talk about the growing threat of ISIL ; how we can defeat them
  will be back in NH Friday-Saturday to campaign with   
I have a plan to destroy ISIL, and if i’m POTUS an attack on the US will not happen. I promise you.  
 Here is my full intv w/ He called for invoking NATO Article 5 ; warned of a 9/11 coming from Syria 
 On CNN's State of the Union, warns: "There is a 9/11 coming ; it's coming from Syria if we don't disrupt thei…
  Without adjusting our  strategy "the worst is yet to come"  
  says: "We are going to fight ISIL either in their backyard ... or in our backyard." 
 On CNN's State of the Union, calls for invoking NATO Article 5 and declaring war on ISIS. 
Don't miss my LIVE interview w on TODAY @ 9:30am ET disucssing the Paris terror attacks.   
This is a generational struggle ; most young people are with us. Offer them a hopeful life versus a glorious death.
Graham: “The desire to kill is only limited by [ISIL’s] capability to kill..."
Check out my interviews w/ ; where we discuss the tragic Paris attack. 
This is not just an attack on the French people, it is an attack on human decency.
 Audio/transcript of my interview w/ re Parks attacks: 
 This Sunday on  joins live to discuss the  and more. 
Tune into today at 8:15am ET, I will be on discussing the tragedy in Paris
Read my full statement on the terror attacks in Paris here: 
There's a sickness in the world that has to be dealt with ; we must come together to confront it. America should lead that unity.
My heart breaks for the families of those killed, the hostages, ; injured.
This isn't just an attack on the French people, it's an attack on human decency ; all things that we hold dear.
Thank you to inviting me to speak at the Sunshine Summit.  
Thanks for having me to speak in the battleground state of Florida.  
 Thank you for your continued commitment to making our country safe.  
 Lindsey Graham on Hillary ; Benghazi: "Before attack she let them down. During attack she was AWOL. And after she lied a…
  speaks Sunshine Summit – LIVE on C-SPAN  
Looking forward to speaking today at 1pm at the Sunshine Summit.  
Be sure to say hi if you’re at Sunshine Summit.
Excited to be in the sunshine state for Sunshine Summit.  
LIVE on now talking about what we need to do in Syria ; why shouldn’t close  ; bring terrorists here
Tune into this morning at 10:10am, I will be on talking about dangerous plan to close  ; much more
LIVE on w/ tune in now for 2016 ;  talk! 
Excited to join on at 9:30am ET to talk 2016 ; the  primary 
 If you missed on the show you can catch the interview on  later this m…
LIVE on w/ talking national security ; 2016 tune in now! 
Joining on today at 8:25am ET to talk about ISILs latest claimed attack ; the 2016 race 
Thanks to those who joined me on during this week's 
Motown on my iPhone ; my latest campaign ads on   
Just released new ad on Listen to my Motown station ; maybe you'll hear it!  
New  campaign ads now on Listen now:    or on my Motown station: 
 isn’t just for listening to Motown; you can hear my latest campaign ads too! Here's one ad: 
America needs a leader who isn’t afraid to stand up and defeat our enemies abroad.  
Have you seen my "Bio" video? If not, watch it here:  
Stopping by Operation Care for Troops at 2:45pm at the Nashua Armory. Amazed by the wonderful work these folks do for our vets 
America is facing economic and security threats around the world.  
From day one, my first priority as president is to keep us safe at home.  
On the way to see the Londonderry Fish ; Game Club 
 Some great points from . We need experience in the  .  interview. 
Heading to Belmont Hall in Manchester to meet some NH voters ; have a great lunch! 
 Graham tells NH press he fears this may be the last time state hosts 1st primary. Hits "nationalization" of election 
 Lindsey Graham slightly choked up as he calls this a highlight of his life. "I wish my parents were here," he says. 
Officially on the ballot in New Hampshire  
 WATCH Live: Sen. Lindsey Graham files to run for president in the New Hampshire primary. 
Proud to be filing for the 2016  NH Primary this morning in Concord!
I will fight every day to honor your service and be worthy of the enormous sacrifices you make  Via
 Just Now: on  "What Rand doesn't understand is that you have to confront radical Islam"
 Just Now: on Debate "If I had been on that stage, we would've had a healthy conversation about Vetera…
 Just Now: on VA reform "I would give every Veteran a Choice Card. it will cost a lot of money, but it…
 Just Now: on Veterans Day "The way we treat Veterans is directly related to how we recruit in the fut…
To the American people, I will fight every day to keep this nation safe  Via
I won’t rest until all our veterans receive the care they need, when they need it  Via
I have been fighting – and will continue to fight each day – to ensure that every single veteran receives timely, quality care
On w/ NOW! We are talking 2016 - you won’t want to miss it, tune in here: 
Heading to a VFW Veterans Day Vigil in Franklin, NH to thank all of those who have given the ultimate sacrifice for this great nation 
Glad to join today at 6:15pm ET discuss 2016 ; Veterans Day! Listen in here: 
On LIVE w/ talking about 2016, tune into now or listen in here:   
  tours Foss Manufacturing Company facility in  
Joining to talk about my current trip through NH on at 5:15pm ET, tune in here:  
Every day that a single man or woman who has suffered in service to our country goes without proper care is a national disgrace
 touring Foss Manufacturing Company facility in Hampton NH  
 We have a special veterans day episode - will be interviewing and BOTH my military brot…
I will never send a single man or woman into harm’s way without the strategy and resources to succeed  via
Touring at 3pm today in NH. Look forward to hearing how good economic policies encourage companies, like this, to grow 
  U.S. has to be on ground in Syria   
I understand that as there is no greater responsibility than to be a worthy ; successful commander in chief 
I am running for president because I have an unshakeable commitment to these brave men and women  Via
He has incrementally sent U.S. troops into the region [Middle East]... while failing to develop an overall strategy (3/3) Via
Here at home, he has presided over defense cuts that are gutting our military’s capability (2/3) 
Via President Obama has failed our veterans on both fronts (1/3) 
Walking down Main St. in Nashua w/ at 12:15pm ET, come say hi if you’re in the area 
I’m running to be a Commander-in-Chief worthy of our veterans’ sacrifices via 
Listening to the Star-Spangled Banner played by veterans today is something special.  Nashua, NH.  
 Missed him last night but the good news is my friend will join us Friday at 8:25!🇺🇸👍
On my way to the Nashua Veterans Day Parade which is now INSIDE at Elm Street Middle School. Join us if you’re in the area 
 “Every day that a single man or woman who has suffered in service to…” —  
Thanks to everyone who tuned in on first Livewire!  
  I didn't hear a plan to destroy ISIS  
 Coming up next...  
LIVE on a special edition of from NH w/ tune into now 
Thank a veteran today.  
Grab some joe ; tune into at 8:20am ET! I will be on discussing 2016 ; much more live from NH 
LIVE on talking about my current swing through NH, tune into or listen in here: 
LIVE from NH w/ on now! Tune in here for 2016 ; national security talk 
Joining this morning at 7:40am ET on make sure to tune in here: 
Up early in NH to talk to on at 7:25am ET, be sure to listen in here: 
 Best moment of the debate was when Lindsey Graham totally crushed buddy John McCain over his bedtime.  
 I just can't watch this anymore. Brain hurts too much. And I'm a Republican. Where's
 LIVE on  Chris Cassidy: Where in the world is Lindsey Graham?  
 we need you up there Mr Graham!
Not screaming at TV....just answering on instead:    
 You mean someone who has thought about national defense for years, as opposed to Trump/Carson/…
 Sen. Lindsey Graham delivers the most hilarious commentary of the Fox Business News debate  
 and are seriously weak on national security. Need a veteran in the 
Come over to to see my responses!  
 would have a lot to say on these foreign policy questions. 
 Terrorism question. This is the part of the GOP debate where will be missed.
 Lindsey Graham is winning 
 Meanwhile on Sidewire, is weighing in.  
  dinging on his Sidewire chat.... "Rand: please don’t talk about the military. It's not your str…
 is winning tonight  on 
 Worth repeating the night before  With out there are no veterans debating for presidential no…
 I want to see more
 Rubio just used Lindsey Graham's attack line on Rand Paul.
 Russian airline is worst terror attack since 9/11 - this  threat directly affects economies. When it happens here, tax pla…
 Checking out what has to say during the debate via app
 Got to get back in the top bracket. Sad this Veteran's Day to have no top tier candidates in either party who…
 If you don't have app, you are missing a crucial part of this debate: is fired up and funny…
 Meanwhile, just trolled on Sidewire: 
 Enjoying chiming in on  tonight through
 Watching comment on debate through app.   
  is having heaps of fun commentating over on tonight. 
 Lindsey Graham answers  questions in realtime on Nice promo for a cool app 
Join me now at  !  
My thoughts on "Senator Lindsey Graham's Live Analysis on GOP Debate" (via Sidewire): 
LIVE On the Record w/ from Manchester, NH! Turn on now 
 Follow as he responds live to the  by downloading Sidewire:  
Going “On the Record” w/ tonight at 7pm. Talking 2016 and more LIVE from Manchester, NH tune into 
 Be sure to download app for hot takes during tonight's  
 is like Twitter for newsmakers. Find it in the app store or visit   
LIVE on w/ from Manchester, NH. Turn on now! 
Joining on today at 5:15pm ET LIVE from NH. Be sure to tune-in pre-debate 
LIVE w/ on from Manchester, NH tune into now 
 Next on talks about his  candidacy,  ;  crash. Watch live: 
  says is only candidate with "comprehensive plan to defeat ISIS." Sen. Graham talks his f…
On w/ on TODAY at 4:15pm from Manchester, NH. Be sure to watch! 
Taping an interview w/ in NH this afternoon, stay tuned for the airtime! 
Graham on Syria: “The reason I talk about this first is because the next commander in chief will have to deal with this problem,”
Follow along tonight with during the 
Graham: “We’re in a war. You may be tired of fighting them. They aren’t tired of fighting you”via  
  to be at Manchester Veterans Day parade Wed at 10 am. He plans to file Thursday, 9 am, w/ Secretary of State B…
Graham: “The majority of people understand that they are coming for us here if we don’t stop them over there.” 
“[Graham] mixes anecdotes from his childhood in South Carolina with stories from his 35 trips to Iraq ; Afghanistan” 
Happy 240th Birthday to the United States Marine Corps! 
 “More than any other candidate, Graham has made foreign policy the centerpiece of his campaign:  
During tomorrow's  join me on Download it free here:  
Catch me on during  I'll be weighing in live on national security.  
 Our first-ever Livewire. Excited will be giving live response to GOP debate on Sidewire: 
  says that the US shouldn't work w/ Russia to fight ISIS if the price is to keep Assad in power. Thank yo…
  News: to make 8 stops in N.H. on 11/11-11/12, including officially filing for the primary on the …
 Lots to discuss w/ Republican presidential candidate who joins me live today during 1PM ET hour. 
Thank you for the support in my New Hampshire TV ad.   
 Thrilled to welcome on Morning Meeting right now. Listen in: 
Joining NOW to preview my upcoming trip to NH! Tune in here:  
As POTUS, I'll ensure we have capability, capacity, ; will to preserve our security at home and abroad: 
"We've got to win a war against  we can't afford to lose." More in my  video:   
Taping an interview w/ here in SC, tune into tomorrow morning for the full interview 
Thanks for the opportunity to share my message with Iowa  students!  
 Here's message to Iowa high school students as part of the  curriculum  
Talking w/ on today at 2:45pm LIVE from Columbia, SC make sure to tune in! 
I am the only candidate in this race with military experience ; a comprehensive plan to 
 Coming up on  Presidential hopeful, joins us to talk about his campaign.  
 We need voices like in  debates. Thank you for your longtime leadership on  
Check out my interview w/ from Manchester, NH this afternoon 
Watch my interview w/ from today where I talk about my plan to destroy ISIL 
 has the right goal: degrade and destroy. He just doesn’t have the right strategy 
Graham: “We really do have to degrade and destroy [ISIL]” 
Graham: I hope this is a wakeup call to Putin and the world at large that ISIL has to be destroyed 
Check out my interview w/ where we discuss ISIL ; the Middle East after the Russian plane crash 
 "I don’t care about the room temp. Go to Iraq ; walk around over there w/about 60lbs of gear they don't complain"
We need a commander in chief who is committed to defeating  
Because of failing policies, the pessimism of America’s success in defeating  is on the rise. 
 100% support He is most qualified to be our next Commander in Chief!  
I agree! 6 in 10 people reject handling the threat of  
 Sen. tells what he'd do about the situation in Syria.   
On the way to Families in Transition New Hampshire in Manchester to see the truly important work they do up close 
On w/ talking about what we should be doing in the Middle East to combat the terror of ISIL, tune into now!
Talking w/ on at 12:40pm about ISIL ; what we’re doing wrong in the Middle East
LIVE w/ ; from Manchester, NH tune into now! 
Joining ; on today at 11:35am to talk about ISIL ; how we can destroy radical Islam
I am 100% committed to becoming the Republican nominee. I need your support - please consider donating:  
Heading to Edge Velocity Corp. in NH ; excited to learn more about what this innovative company is doing to help first responders 
On the way to Nashua for a town hall meeting at 6:30pm, please join us for a lively discussion 
LIVE on w/ from Manchester, NH tune into now! 
On w/ LIVE from Manchester, NH tune into now! 
Joining on to talk 2016 ; more tune into at 6pm ET
Talking w on today at 5:15pm ET - Don’t miss it!
Taping an interview w/ now, tune into tonight on for the full interview!
Graham:“When our allies hear 50 people, that’s the signal we’re not committed…; the 50 people are in harm’s way without a chance of winning”
Graham: “Russia ; Iran have won… Obama has a hands-off policy when it comes to Assad.” 
Graham: “You’ve got to go in on the ground [In Syria], and you need more than 50 people” 
Listen to yesterday's interview w/ where we discussed protecting our nation against Islamic extremists 
Talking w/ NH voters at my town hall - getting a lot of national security questions  
Had a great morning at the Upper Valley Senior Center in Lebanon  
 Audio/transcript: on the defense budget, new long range bomber, debates: 
Getting ready for my town hall meeting at today at noon, please stop by if you’re in the area! 
Headed to visit with voters at Upper Valley Senior Center in Lebanon, NH 
I'm running for president to keep our nation safe. Please consider chipping in $10 to support my campaign: 
 in  will need to be defeated by U.S. military or American allies in the region. 
I agree with "Dropping bombs on a few selected leaders will not succeed" in defeating  
 is a direct threat to our homeland.   
 makes  look like a rotary club. 
 Graham: Sending 50 Troops to Syria 'Shows That Obama Is Not All-In' 
 "I want to destroy ISIL before they hit the homeland," says 
  on  The region will pay for this war, we paid for the last two.
LIVE w/ from Clemson, SC tune into now!
  on  These people ( make Al Qaida look like the Rotary Club.
  will be joining today. He wants boots on the ground in Syria. Do you agree? 
Talking w/ at 9:15am ET LIVE from Clemson, SC on be sure to tune in!
Thanks  Always good to be on
LIVE on from Clemson, SC talking Syria ; 2016 now
Joining on at 8:30am ET this morning to talk Syria ; 2016, be sure to tune into
Be part of the  Chip in $10 today:  
50 U.S. ground forces in Syria,  is not going to be intimidated. 
Sending ground forces into Syria without a clear plan to degrade and destroy  will not advance our cause. 
 Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC), Presidential candidate, says the Administration's plan to send 50 American special... 
  intends to destroy radical Islam, attack national debt    
 you're putting 50 brave Americans at risk without any hope of success. 
LIVE on from Des Moines, IA talking about Syria, tune in now! 
I’m up bright ; early for and will be on to talk about Syria make sure to tune in!
I'll be on tomorrow morning - tune in! 
In the eyes of the enemy, sending 50 soldiers proves how weak is. This is a giant step backwards. 
Stopping by the Panora, IA VFW post at 4pm CT, come out and say hi if you’re in the area 
I believe veterans who say VA delays in healthcare are real. As commander in chief, I'll have their back. 
  goes after says she was AWOL when Benghazi consulate needed her.    
   Radical Islam and debt: I intend to destroy both of them.     
About to step on stage here at the  looking forward to talking about national security ; much more 
Excited to speak  in Des Moines today, should be a great afternoon! 
My niece, Emillie, spoke this morning at a SC Federation of Republican Women meeting.   Very proud of her! 
  wants you to cast a vote for "scariest Democrat." So far, Hillary is winning. 
Without the sacrifice of veterans, all our hopes and dreams are at risk. Tell VA problems are real. 
 if, unlike you believe that vets' delayed VA care problems are real ; need immediate attention. 
 Dozens of veterans are dying from delayed VA care. How dare you say problems are not widespread? 
LIVE on talking about the  tune in here: 
  answers  with on |  
(2/2)…degrading and destroying ISIL.  Today’s announcement again reinforces that view.”
ISIL is all-in for their horrific agenda and demented view of the world. Unfortunately, is not all in when it comes to... (1/2)
ISIL is not going to be intimidated by this move.  In fact, ISIL will see this as yet another sign of President Obama’s weakness
President Obama is putting fifty brave Americans at risk without a clear strategy of how to degrade and destroy ISIL
Joining this afternoon at 3:00pm ET today to discuss the debate ; much, you can tune in here: 
LIVE talking w/ on now! Tune in here: 
Employee town hall meeting in Manchester today looking forward to talking about national security ; much more! 
Talking w/ on today at 1:45pm ET be sure to tune in here: 
  Sending special forces to Syria is incremental ;won't change conditions on the ground; in eyes of e…
  assessment appears to be correct. now putting boots on the ground in Syria
Joining on at 12:45pm LIVE from NH be sure to tune in 
At the Corner View Restaurant in Concord  
  speaks today at  candidate series at Devine Millimet law firm, 2 pm, 111 Amherst St., Manchester.
 During a hearing on Tuesday, Sen. Lindsey Graham slams the Obama admin for its failed Syria policy. Worth watching. 
 Speaking w during 1 pm hr of   from viewers 4 next 4 yrs  - what do you want to …
Stopping by The Corner View Restaurant in Concord today at 11:30am! Come by and say hi if you’re in the area 
I made a quick appearance on before leaving CO, you can watch the interview here: 
 So excited we have Senator on at 8pm est to give us his perspective from last nights GO…
 No denying may be the funniest 2016 presidential candidate.
Watch my post-debate appearances on ; from today here: 
  “The men ; women who are fighting this war need every dollar we can send to them."  
The headlines from last night’s debate say it all  
 headline: Graham Stands Out In Second-Tier Debate 
I was up bright and early in Boulder today to talk to you can read the recap or watch it here: 
  " is the most forceful person on terror out there."  
It is a sad day in America, and the Mideast will pay hell for Obama's mismanagement of Syria: 
There is not any credible military threat to take Assad down. strategy has completely fallen apart. 
 is turning over Syria to the Russians and the Iranians.
Read media reactions from my “stand out” performance last night at the  
 The JV Debate was the Lindsey Graham Show  
 Graham stands out in second-tier debate  
 declares Graham wins undercard debate on 
 “Lindsey Graham Steals The Show At CNBC’s Undercard Debate” Read more stories like this here: 
 "My passion is defending America and growing our economy." -- 
LIVE now on talking about last night’s debate, tune in here:  
 is building after last night’s  
STRAIGHT FROM THE HEADLINES: See what they’re saying about my performance last night 
Talking w/ today @ 11:30am ET abt last night’s debate ; my upcoming trip to NH on Friday 
 is going to make an excellent Speaker of the House.  Congratulations!
 is building 
Beautiful sunrise this morning here in Colorado. Going LIVE on foxnews now.  Tune in!   
LIVE on from Boulder, CO tune into now!
Joining this morning at 9:10am ET to talk about last night’s  be sure to tune into
I’m up early here in Boulder, CO to join on be sure to tune in at 6:40am ET!
 The geographic winner of the early   
 Comes Out Zinging at JV   
 Gov. Mitt Romney praises Sen. Lindsey Graham’s debate performance 
 had several moments during tonight's 
 So far no one has gotten off a line in  that matches clips of on  et al, in undercard
  kind of stole the show ..." reports on   
  "Barack Obama is an incompetent commander-in-chief"  
 Lindsey Graham gives Tom Brady a shoutout during debate  
 Lindsey Graham: "I wanna win New Hampshire, so Go Tom Brady! Go Patriots!"
 Put on the main stage.  
  is the top searched early  candidate today 
 "Barack Obama is an incompetent commander in chief," says at  
Read my story by downloading my free e-book at   
 Lindsey Graham Steals the Show at CNBC's Undercard   
 Congrats to on another great  - definitely deserves to be on the main stage next time!
Yes I do 
  thinks deserves to move up to the main debate: 
 After hearing talk foreign policy tonight, it's clear he belongs on the big stage.
 Happening now: live on from the spin room. 
 Sen. Lindsey Graham is in there. Somewhere.  
"He said we have to have prosperity to finance the military. That's what I love about  
"I love when said we can't decimate the military budget..."  
America is great. I intend to make us strong again.   
The only reason I have an iPhone is because I gave my number to 
I will be a commander in chief worthy of sacrifices of those defending our nation. I'll have their backs; they've had ours. 
 I don't know about any of you, but I believe kicked butt on the first debate on
I think a national holiday will be when doesn’t have that job anymore. 
 
I promise you, if you make me your president, I will save Social Security because I know why it exists. 
 Lindsey Graham’s speech is an emotional high point of the undercard debate.  
 Lindsey Graham is having a moment.  
 Now is just running up the score. Honed his skills on   
 Graham: This Crap Stops Here | CNBC 
  Admiral Mullen said the debt is a big threat to our nat’l security- he was right.   
 "My first job as President of the United States is to rebuild the military and use it smartly," says 
  says he's going to take the South Carolina way to Washington 
The ones I'm most worried about are those in uniform - they need a commander in chief who knows what the hell they're doing 
My goal is to help the middle class. 
 Don't mess with Get the latest from the undercard  here:  
 Great clenched fist/open hand response by Wish he was on main stage to improve foreign policy conversat…
Do you live in OH or IL? Join  now! DM us to learn about joining the team and attending the Republican Convention 
 went to the Soviet Union on his honeymoon...and I don't think he ever came back! 
 Graham is undoubtedly the most animated debater in undercard. Would be fun to see him vis a vis Trump.
The  candidate on the other side thought she was "flat broke" after being in the White House 
The foreign policy of needs to be replaced - the last person you want to replace that is his Secretary of State. 
  on China: "Make me commander-in-chief and this crap stops."
I'm trying to solve problems, that somebody better solve.   
  "Make me commander in chief and this crap stops."
To the Chinese, when it comes to dealing with me, you've got a clenched fist and an open hand. You pick. 
 "Without national security, there is no economic security" - Lindsey Graham 
Let me tell you what is real: the threat to our homeland. is an incompetent commander in chief. 
 Thank goodness is on the stage to make the case for a strong national defense and forceful American leaders…
  pushes nat'l security message,says backs budget deal b/c it puts'$40B back in the Defense Dept at a time…
  "I've never seen so many threats to our homeland... Barack Obama is an incompetent commander-in-chief." 
I intend to be a commander in chief that can win a war. We can't afford to lose.  
 And the chances for a breakout of any of the undercards at the   In opening statements, only one not flat:
Without national security, there is no economic security.   
Starting now!   
Tune into the debate tonight at 6PM ET on  
 is not serious about destroying  and removing Assad from power. 
By following President Obama's strategy in Syria, we have just turned over Syria to Russia and Iran. 
  with and  
 Remember said at  debate DC needs to drink more? Tonite I'm interviewing him at Walnut Brewery in Bou…
 is holding military funding hostage with his veto of  
“She  does not have the leadership or the trustworthiness necessary to be President”  
“A Commander in Chief is supposed to comfort the families of the fallen, not mislead them”  
 to help me tell that vetoing  is unacceptable. 
“She  failed them in their hour of greatest need  
“A Commander in Chief is supposed to make sure those in battle are well equipped, not left defenseless”  
Read my op-ed “Benghazi hearing shows Clinton unfit to be Commander in Chief” in today’s  
With the Mideast in chaos,  gaining strength, ; Putin laughing at America - now is not the time to veto  
 veto of  is alarming. As president I will support our troops w/ resources they need! 
LIVE now w/ Tune in for Syria ; 2016 talk here: 
Talking now w/ about failed policies in Afghanistan ; the Middle East 
See what it's like to hit the campaign trail with me in New Hampshire:  
Joining friend this morning at 10:30am ET, tune in online here: 
  "I think I can make the case that I am the best for Commander-in-chief."
Talking LIVE w/ now! Tune into here: 
Sharing my plan to destroy ISIL w/ on 
LIVE on now turn on
It’s clear that the deteriorating security situation in 2012 had to be known by and she did nothing. 
Going on on this morning at 9:30am ET, listen in live here: 
Joining at 9:10am ET this morning on be sure to tune in!
  "He doesn't realize the world is on fire" on  talking about 
Talking w/ on now, you can listen in here:  
  will join  today at 8:15 AMListen  
THIS MORNING: Catch me on at 7:20am ET 
Awesome tour of Test driving the motorcycle was a highlight:  
 sat on the sidelines and listened to Susan Rice lie to the American people. That bothers me. 
If you missed my appearances on ; on Thursday you can watch them here: 
“If you want to be Commander-in-Chief, you shouldn’t be complicit in lying to the American people.” 
I don’t know about  popularity, but I think she is now unfit to be Commander in Chief. 
Under  has become rich and entrenched. My plan will destroy ; degrade their resources: 
 lack of leadership cost lives of Americans in Benghazi ; now she wants to be commander in chief? 
What’s scarier than four more years of Four years with or 
ICYMI: Graham responds to Benghazi hearing and president Obama’s decision to veto the defense act 
Come by my town hall this morning in Peterborough if you’re in the area.  As always, I’ll answer every question I can get to 
The American people are right: we’ve made little progress against  due to ineffective leadership. 
 vs. who do you think is scarier?  
 Scott Brown introduces Lindsey Graham @ backyard BBQ as "better at foreign affairs and military affairs" than anyone 
On the way to the Betti’s house in Rye, NH for a party featuring Looking forward to a great time 
  has a sandwich named after him at the Milford Red Arrow Diner: 
 The BFF Tour: Lindsey Graham Looks to John McCain for a New Hampshire Revival. 
Door knocking w/ NH State House candidate Bob Graham in Milton today. Be sure to say hi if we knock on your door. 
Talking w/ employees at in Rochester. Glad to hear about all this company does for our vets 
Excited to tour the factory in Rochester, NH today! I’ll have to resist the urge to buy one of these for back in SC. 
I agree! 9 in 10 Americans view  as a serious threat to the U.S.
LIVE on w/ ; from Manchester, NH tune into now!  
I will be joining ; on to discuss  on at 11:15am ET, I hope you can tune in!
 Thanks everyone who watched  A big thank you to for appearing on the show! 
HAPPENING NOW: Live on w/ for Fiscal Friday! Watch it here   
Excited to talk to on today at 10am ET for Fiscal Friday! Don’t miss it New Hampshire! 
 Remember! Lindsey Graham is joining us at 10 a.m.!  Send us your ?s!  Watch;  
LIVE from Manchester, NH on w/ - turn on now!  
Joining w/ this morning at 9:10am ET on to discuss the  – BE SURE TO TUNE IN!
LIVE now w/ on tune in here:  
Starting the day out talking w/ on at 8:20am ET, make sure to tune in here:  
Is scarier than Vote now!  
Answering lots of national security questions here in Derry. Thank you to everyone who stopped by tonight.  
LIVE now w/ on tune in here: 
On the way to Derry, NH for tonight’s town hall. Come on by the public library here. I look forward to answering your questions. 
Talking w/ on today at 6:15pm ET, be sure to tune in here: 
Taping an interview on in a few minutes, stay tuned for full interview airtime 
LIVE on talking about  testimony now from Manchester, NH 
Talking w/ today at 4:30pm ET on LIVE from Manchester, NH be sure to tune in! 
Taping an interview w/ this afternoon, be sure to tune into his show at 6pm ET to hear it in full 
Walking the Milford oval at the Union Coffee Shop and talking with voters, a perfect day here in NH  
Just arrived in Milford and ready to walk the oval! Come out and say hi if you’re in the area. 
On the way to Amherst for a tour of Resin Systems Corp. Look forward to learning about all that they do. 
It is great to be back in NH! Heading to Salem to meet w/ the Greater Salem Chamber of Commerce at the Tuscan Kitchen. 
As threats increased, security decreased. is responsible above all others for this dynamic. 
I agree with they can't operate from bunkers, but they shouldn’t be required to operate in death traps. 
On watch the U.S. consulate in Benghazi became a death trap. 
 Lindsey Graham: I have complete confidence Gowdy will not stop investigating until all the facts about what happened in 
 . - NH regulars back in state today     via …
Tune into now I am LIVE from Manchester, NH talking 2016 ; foreign policy w/ 
Tune into this morning at 8:40am ET, I will be on w/ LIVE from Manchester, NH 
 At 8:40amET, talks with about the 2016 election, today's  hearing ; more. 
 vs. who do you think is scarier?  
Are you interested in getting involved in   DM us to learn more
 is leading a legitimate investigation on Benghazi  
I  to get to the bottom of what happened in  
 Sen. and Rep. Candidate Lindsey Graham will will be touring Rokon Int. in Rochester @ 1:30 p.m. Friday, Oct. 23
Do you live in VA or IL?  Contact nic to get involved
Vote for the scariest Democrat today!  
Are you interested in getting involved in   DM us to learn more
 requested a military budget, got one and is now threatening a veto to play politics Via 
  back again Thu-Sat; 8 stops: Salem, Amherst, Milford, Derry, Rochester, Milton, Rye, Peterborough;  
 2016 Candidate Tracker: returns to N.H. Thurs. for a 3-day swing that will include 8 stops. 
 Op-ed: Why We Need Troops On the Ground in Syria   via
 Graham in Greenville: The "terrorists themselves" are responsible for 911 and Bush was right to take down the Taliban.
 hasn't taken  seriously - and now we see them poised to buy the capabilities to hack our energy grid: 
Obama continues to prove how inept he is as a commander in chief. Read more from 
This is unacceptable. President Obama is holding necessary national security funding hostage to play political games 
We need to hit ISIL over there. As president I will take sound military advice and not play politics. 
Great read via on the threat that President Obama poses to our military 
Do you live in VA or IL?  Contact nic to get involved
 Here's a link to our conversation yesterday with SC Senator ; Presidential candidate Lindsey Graham on Live: 
With every passing day it becomes clearer ; clearer, is not ready to be Commander-in-Chief.  
  warns that "another 9/11 is coming. It's coming from  planned and inspired by ISIL." 
 "Under President Obama, radical Islam is running wild and Putin is walking all over us," says 
LIVE now w/ on from Clemson, SC 
Talking w/ on this morning at 8:30am ET LIVE from Clemson, SC be sure to tune in! 
“[As President,] I would Have Gone Into Afghanistan. I would go into Syria and destroy ISIL 
Watch my discussion about national security w/ on 
 - saying I don't know Iraq ; Afghanistan is like saying you dont know bankruptcy  
“Experience does matter when it comes to being commander-in-chief..,I’ve been to Iraq and Afghanistan 35 times.” 
 failed at hacking our power grid this time, but could buy capability to succeed next time: 
ISIL failed to hack our energy grid this time, but what about next time? As president I will  
 hasn't taken  seriously - and now we see them poised to buy the capabilities to hack our energy grid:
On LIVE w/ now from Greenville, SC tune into 
Talking w/ on today at 3:10pm LIVE from Clemson, SC be sure to tune in! 
“Our foreign policy is in free fall. Barack Obama doesn’t know what he’s doing” Via 
Talking w/ on LIVE from Clemson, SC now! Tune into 
Joining on this morning at 9:40am ET to talk about the 2016 race, be sure to tune in 
“Typical Obama: doing the right thing, but then withdrawing at the end ‘cause you’re worried about politics” 
via Lindsey Graham says he's the candidate who can push back against  
“What would I do? Take sound military advice.” Via 
Graham on “It’s a number picked out of air to just show he’s trying to reduce our presence” 
Graham hits Obama decision to cut troops in Afghanistan nearly in half” Via 
 says he wouldnt have gone into Afghanistan after 9/11.  What would you have done? Be specific.
 have incoherent foreign policy 'plans’ ; clearly lack the judgement to win this war against radical Islam.
As seen on TV this am, GOP's two frontrunners delivered bizarre responses about what they would have done after 9/11 attacks.
 foreign policy would be good news for our foes ; a nightmare for the American people.  
 should apologize to George W. Bush who understood the evil nature of this enemy.
 If you don't understand that we need to hit them before they come here, you're not ready to be Commander-in-Chief
 suggesting George W. Bush is a loser b/c we were attacked shows that you don't understand this war.
"Graham called decision one 'that will require our men ; women in uniform to accept incredibly high risk'" 
Watch my appearance on candidate cafe series yesterday:   
"According to Graham,  rose up because U.S. troops left  too soon."  
I've been saying this about for months, but it's truer now than ever. 
It is clear does not understand the Middle East and has made one blunder after another. 
 is putting our gains in Afghanistan in jeopardy by insisting on a withdrawal down to 5,500 U.S. troops. 
As president, I will require conditions-based withdrawal for Afghanistan, not an artificial timeline. 
 Coming up...   
Tune in now to on I am on and LIVE from Manchester, NH 
Excited to join today at 8:30am ET LIVE from Manchester NH, I hope you’re able to tune in! 
I view a residual force in Afghanistan as protection against 9/11; President Obama views this force as a broken campaign promise
Keeping troops in  is an insurance policy against another 9/11.  if you agree!   
If we do not remove Assad from power in Syria, the war against ISIL will never end 
(2/2)…with little support, simply because he’s the president who promised to end wars 
President Obama is implementing a policy that will require our men and women in uniform to accept an incredibly high risk…(1/2)
Read my statement on Obama's decision to withdraw down to 5,500 troops in Afghanistan 
 "No commander is recommending 5500" troops In Afghanistan, says, calling the no. a political choice, not m…
President Obama does not follow sound military advice.   He seems to have learned nothing from his past mistakes 
The winners of American inaction in Syria are ISIL ; Assad, while the ones hurt most are our allies 
"Bush, Graham slam Obama over Afghanistan withdrawal" via 
Taping a segment w/ on this afternoon, stay tuned for the full interview airtime
 Thank you for inviting me to take part in your candidate cafe series. It was truly a pleasure.   
As president, I will follow the advice of my commanders and require a conditions-based withdrawal - not an artificial timeline
I will. Thank you, Charles. 
 Here's what had to say yesterday in NH about keeping troops in Afghanistan: 
 What I'll do to fix the debt crisis (via   
Please stop in! You can get each day's New Hampshire schedule on my Facebook page:    
I have made dozens of trips to the Middle East. I know the region ; players ; I understand fully what is at stake 
  to "I don't like the idea of going down to 5500... makes absolutely no sense to me." Live: 
Read my op-ed on on why we need American leadership in Syria 
Thanks for letting me share my thoughts  
Sending to "calm" Mideast is like throwing gasoline on a fire.  
Our nation is at a crossroads. We need a president with a nat'l security plan, not a few talking points.  
Only in the  is foreign policy a back burner issue.I'm still the only candidate with a plan to defeat ISIL 
  If you like BIG GOV'T ; WEAK NATIONAL SECURITY you liked the debate last night -OTR 
  on Syria: “You should be concerned because your commander-in-chief has no idea what he’s doing.” 
  on Syria: “This is a nightmare for the region, a nightmare for America.”  
  When will we realize that Pres doesn't know what he's doing? -OTR 
Quick TV hit mid town hall meeting in North Conway, NH with on  
LIVE from Conway, NH on talking  and  tune into now 
I will be on tonight at 7:15pm ET LIVE from NH! We will be talking  and the  so be sure to tune in 
7 days into my  tour ; still going strong! Read all about my last week here: 
Getting ready for my town hall at 6:30pm ET in Conway, if you’re in the area stop by and ask a question 
After continued to sidestep questions about Benghazi, I finally had to shut the  off. 
As president, I will stand up to Putin instead of allowing Russia to further disrupt the Middle East 
Let Russia fight ISIL. 
Watch live stream 
Treat ISIL like JV. 
Trust foreign policy. 
Elect another Clinton president. 
On LIVE now w/ talking about  listen in here: 
 Get a complete list of a the items  survivors need:  
  I can't believe anyone on that stage is qualified to be Commander-in-Chief  
  ISIL, not climate change, is the biggest threat to national security. 
Talking to in at 5:05pm ET about the growing threat of  in Syria and beyond. Listen in here: 
  If you love socialism and big government, you loved the  
  doesn't sound very different from Obama. 
LIVE on the phone from NH on w  tune in now! 
Tune into on at 4:30pm ET, I will be on the phone w/ talking about my  tour ; much more
 Thank you to for visiting today and talking to employees! 
I did my best but couldn’t finish last night’s  read my reaction from what I could bear to watch here: 
Read about day 6 of my  tour ; my take on the  here: 
 GOP presidential candidate  joins us at 4PM to give us his reaction to the  
Heading to the editorial board in a few minutes, looking forward to telling them how I’ll keep our country safe! 
Heading to Conway, NH and keeping the engineering theme for today w/ a tour of Tee Enterprises 
Talking w/ engineers ; employees here at  
Kicking off day 7 in NH w/ a trip to in Laconia, looking forward to learning about all that they do 
Graham: “Voters owe it to the military to pick a president worthy of their sacrifice” 
ISIL is stronger than ever and this is the same lack of understanding of the region that led him to call ISIL the 'JV team’
Can’t take it any longer. Wouldn’t make Gitmo detainees watch all of this. Good luck you’re going to need it. 
I think Twitter is more informative than  tonight 
 clearly Wall Street didn’t listen to you. 
Do I have this right? Middle class stuck,  running wild ; let's continue polices of last 7 yrs  
 - glad you are not longer 'flat broke' 
 – quit blaming Bush. He hasn’t been in office for 7 years. 
To hear this debate, you’d think Bush was still president. Where has been on these issues for the past 7 years? 
Don’t throw all cops under the bus because of terrible actions of a few. 
Hope the FBI doesn’t take advice. 
 why didn’t you appear on TV to explain Benghazi?  Where were you when those Americans were being murdered? 
 said it was a mistake after every other excuse failed. People are not stupid.  
Yes, but don't use that rationale to downplay your role in the disaster that unfolded.   
Good question on server issue 
Candidates are right about threats of  ; nuclear Iran - but have absolutely no idea how to stop them ; secure our nation. 
 - Don’t brag about a light American footprint in Libya after Benghazi. 
 Does Bernie Sanders even know who the hell Putin is?    
 is a good man who would be a disastrous Commander-In-Chief in these dangerous times. 
 is a war hero by any definition 
 – Where were you when those four Americans in Benghazi needed help? 
 – Putin is not regretting his devouring the Ukraine ; Syria. What Russia are you looking at? 
 with all due respect,  ; Iran are a much more strategic threat than China. 
Russians don’t want to help solve Syria problem - want to bolster their puppet Assad at our expense. Wake up 
Putin is pulling for He’s clearly intimidated by Putin – will throw Syrians who'd work with America overboard. 
 ; doing the impossible ; making look strong. Fortress American foreign policy on display 
 loves this  Everyone’s tripping over each other to show weakness to ISIL. This debate on foreign policy is a nightmare
 "nobody supports boots on the ground in Syria". Have you not heard of my boy
 is as delusional as Obama when it comes to Russia. Terrible answer. 
Trust any of these candidates to stand up to the Iranian Ayatollahs, ISIL, ; Putin? Yeah, me neither!  
My thoughts on "CNN Facebook Democratic Debate" (via CNN): 
In the words of "President Obama" (and Let's light this dumpster on fire. 
Steve Kroft is absolutely right. Putin is questioning Obama's leadership by his aggressive military actions in Syria 
Check out my visit to the Sandwich fair, appearance at and much more! 
Dangerous new evidence of President Obama’s disastrous policies and complete lack of leadership in the Middle East 
To the Old Ball Coach – thanks for a great ride! 
If you are in Newport, NH come and join me at my town hall meeting at 6:30pm! Looking forward to answering a lot of questions 
We need a Commander in Chief who understands this region ; will take the fight to our enemies when they threaten our national security.
How does sleep at night? He has abandoned the Syrian people ; empowered the most radical regime in region. 
Graham's  Tour: Day 5 Recap 
After seven years of we are weaker than ever 
Want to know what Senator Graham thinks about the  Tune into our Twitter, Sidewire, ; Facebook pages during the show
The Ayatollah is demonstrating to the world that U.S. leadership under Obama is in retreat 
Happening now: Great questions from students ; faculty  
 ; I checked out the Manchester Bingo Center, hung out w/ some veterans and much more! 
Headed to for a meet ; greet, I hope to see you if you’re in the area 
Read my statement on Iran’s apparent test launch of new ballistic missile and violation of a UN resolution 
 In Cafe, talks family, military, and batchelorhood.     via
On the way to in Bedford to meet some folks and talk about keeping America safe 
Very excited for another great week in NH! Check out the highlights from this past weekend w/  
Happy 240th to the Thank you for all that you do in keeping Americans safe all over the globe 
 is wrong on all fronts. We are more vulnerable with our allies alienated and our enemies emboldened 
Taping an interview w/ of in Boston today. Stay tuned for air time 
On LIVE w/ on in New Hampshire now! Be sure to tune in 
Talking w/ on at 8:40am ET this morning before another big day of Granite State campaigning! 
Headed to in Derry, NH to learn more about the great work this skills development company is doing 
Check out the highlights of my  Tour from this weekend w/ 
  Post-Assad Syria has to happen  
 Two-time  winner back in New Hampshire campaigning with  (via
 "Ask your friends to take a look at Lindsey Graham" via 
"My goal is to keep the enemies on their toes and have the backs of these workers."   via
Excited for a house party here in Sandown tonight, I hope you can make it if you’re in the area 
 is wrong on all fronts. We are more vulnerable with our allies alienated and our enemies emboldened 
What a beautiful day talking NH primary voters at the Sandwich Fair  
Heading to the NH Veterans Home in Tilton for a meet ; greet, looking forward to meeting some of the Granite State’s bravest
 talking to Goffstown residents about ISIS, two children start crying. "I would cry too!" he quips. 
 Great visiting remarkable veterans ; military families at the Pelham, NH VFW today w/  
A big tip of the hat to all American farmers across the country on this  Have a great harvest season
On the way to the Sandwich Fair here in NH, will be there at 1:15pm ET and look forward to meeting a lot of folks there 
  no dif from on Syria  
Talking w/ this afternoon on stay tuned for full interview 
 Graham says education and foreign assistance, not bombs, will help solve radical terrorism in Middle East.
  speaks  Convention in NH - LIVE on C-SPAN    
  enters stage at   Convention 
Heading to convention in Manchester today, tune into at 10am ET to see my remarks 
"[Graham] believes he can save the country from its current trajectory…" via  
 John McCain introduces his BFF Lindsey Graham for the 3rd time today, at a house party, before heading to Arizona. 
"[Lindsey Graham] can lead this nation in the most perilous times,' McCain said."  
Speaking now at dinner in Manchester NH, be sure to watch tomorrow’s convention on or here: 
Just arrived at dinner in Manchester NH, looking forward to tomorrow’s convention which will be live on at 10am ET 
The workforce at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard is impressive - especially in their performance ; can-do attitude.  
"McCain lauds him at every turn. Genuinely concerned [about the world]...says Graham is the right person to turn things around" via
"Graham and McCain take friendship and shared campaign message on the road" via  
Headed to a house party in Hudson, NH at the home of Laurie ; Shawn Jasper w/ Look forward to a great time. 
If you’re in Goffstown, NH come and join my town hall w/ at 1:30pm! Look forward to seeing you there 
7-year-old Sienna sang the National Anthem at this morning's town hall meeting in Pelham. She was amazing!   
Heading to Pelham for the first town hall meeting of the day. Look forward to discussing my plans to keep America secure. 
Fun way to support a good cause   
 Lindsey Graham at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard on Friday: “We’re going to rebuild our military, not close down... 
On NH voters “They’re a hearty lot, when they say ‘live free or die’ they mean it” Via  
Headed to in New London for a town hall w at 6:30pm. Come by and ask a question! 
Love meeting NH voters - of all ages!   
I was glad to talk to yesterday about my love of hunting ; the importance of the  primary 
Check out this clip of me skeet shooting in Keene, NH via 
 . and on the ground today in the  They met with the "Vettes for Vets" this am 
  working hard for ONE campaign w  htt…
Just arrived in Canterbury. Looking forward to my town hall w/ here at 3:30pm today. Hope to see you there 
Heading to the Pink Cadillac Diner in Rochester, NH for a town hall w/ at 1:15pm. Come on by if you’re in the area 
Read the recap of my 1st of 9 straight days in the Granite State, complete w/ skeet shooing ; more
I’ll take any question under the sun. It makes me a better candidate.  
A “Keene” start to my 9-day New Hampshire tour: Day 1 
A great way to start the day! agrees  
On my way to the VFW in Raymond for a 10:30am town hall w/ looking forward to answering some great questions 
Heading to MoeJoe’s Family Restaurant w/ for some breakfast at 9:30am in Manchester. Join us, if you’re in the area 
 Lindsey Graham mingles at bingo center in Manchester  
 OANN With Sen. Lindsay Graham In NH:  via
Heading to a town hall in Salem, NH w/ Come by and see us. We’d love to talk with you.  
 is back on the trail with me. Starting off the weekend at Manchester Bingo Center tonight at 5:30pm ET. 
 That Time When Taught a Public Radio Reporter to Fire a Shotgun  
Talking national security ; 2016 w/ on LIVE from NH at 4:40pm ET. 
ISIL needs to be destroyed ; the Russian aid to Assad will only help them grow larger ; more powerful. This must end 
This is an outrage to the highest degree and shows the effects of American inaction in the Middle East 
"Graham Takes Aim During Campaign Swing Through New Hampshire"  
We cannot call ourselves champions of freedom yet allow these atrocities to occur, ISIL must be destroyed 
On I talked Putin in Syria, destroying ISIL, and keeping America safe. Listen here:   
Look forward to my interview w/ on coming up in a few minutes.
 Lindsey Graham will be stopping by the Roundabout for lunch at noon. 
 AUDIO: on   
If shooting skeet matters, I think I won New Hampshire.  
  has joined Listen now: 
Excited to talk w/ my NH state chair today at 10am ET! Tune in here: 
Back on at 9:40am ET. I will be talking about my 9-day NH campaign swing ; more w/
Tune in NOW to on
  Post-Assad Syria has to happen 
Appearing on on this morning at 9:10am ET LIVE from NH! Be sure to tune-in 
LIVE on NOW from New Hampshire! Talking  2016 ; more 
Grab a cup of Joe ; tune-in to TODAY. I'll be joining at 8:30am ET LIVE from New Hampshire 
Are you interested in getting involved in   DM us to learn more
On the way to a house party w/ RNC Committeewoman Juliana Bergeron at 5:30pm ET. Look forward to meeting all of you 
 Lindsey Graham nails his first clay pigeon here at the Cheshire County Fish ; Game Club. Member says "he's legit." 
 Currently at the Cheshire County Fish and Game shooting range with Lindsey Graham 
  joins us TOMORROW  
Heading to the Cheshire County Fish ; Game Club this afternoon for some outdoor sports 
Touring in Keene, NH right now  
Thank you for joining Team Graham.  
Proud to have former NH state Sen and USMC veteran Gary Lambert heading my NH leadership team.  
First campaign stop of the trip: a tour of this morning 
Do you live in VA or IL?  Contact nic to get involved
 Live now: we're talking with What are your questions for him?:  
LIVE now with TUNE IN  
Sitting down with in-studio this morning to discuss my foreign policy plans, the NH campaign swing ; more. 
"What Obama is doing is giving Russia and Iran more influence in the Mideast anytime since the mid-70s." 
Good morning NH. Turn on WGIR's NH Today w/ to hear about the campaign swing ; talk 2016. 
  Most Democrats don't want anything to do with Syria ; some Republicans like ; ar…
 ; I are on starting NOW. Live stream here: 
Watch tonight at 8:20 ET to see me and on
 What are your questions for We'll be sitting down with him tomorrow morning, live from 9-10: 
Are you interested in getting involved in   DM us to learn more
 Who has the most N.H. stops? leads all candidates w/113, ahead of at 98. 
Great to connect with you  
Graham speaks about historic flooding in South Carolina - Read here Via 
New Hampshire, I'm looking forward to spending 10 days in your state with my new leadership team:  
  joint stops 10/9-11 include 7 NH town hall meetings;    
"To the families who are thinking their world has come to an end, God willing, it will get better." Via 
 Audio/transcript on latest  and server revelations: 
On yesterday I talked emails, Benghazi, Syria, ; Putin: 
Do you live in VA or IL?  Contact nic to get involved
"This is sort of the worst of nature coming our way but I think we met it with the best of human nature." Via 
Graham: “The President Of Russia Has Told The President Of The United States To Go To Hell"  via
 "I've got a message that is unique to the field" -- explains why he's running for president 
  Russian president is all-in for Assad, would form a regional force to destroy ISIS. 
On this morning - tune into now! 
"The vacuum [Obama] has created has helped ISIL, Iran, and Russia." Read more via 
Thank you for this great op-ed in 
…and commitment to one’s country are alive in the presidential campaign (2/2) Via 
 Lindsey Graham has demonstrated to millions of viewers nationwide that strength of character, determination…(1/2)
 “He demonstrated that a man can be passionate in his convictions and happy at the same time” 
"The water will pass and we’ll start surveying the damage, and we’ll help those who need help." Via 
 “At the…Republican Presidential Debate, Lindsey Graham stole the show.” Via 
Proud to have you.  
To the people of SC, to the first responders, to all who have been involved in trying to take care of your fellow citizens, God bless you.
What doesn’t understand is Putin's making a smart play from the Russian point of view, but a nightmare for us 
Next POTUS has to rearrange Mid-East ; reestablish America’s presence in the world before it continues to fall apart 
"To the people without power, whose houses are under water…we’re definitely thinking about you." Via 
Our biggest problem is that our Commander-in-Chief is incompetent and our Secretary of State is delusional. 
Discussed Russia's military involvement in Syria w/ on Listen to the full interview here: 
“Lindsey Graham is the only candidate in this race that exemplifies what NH voters are looking for in their leaders” 
I am proud to announce my New Hampshire state leadership team today! 
Thank you for all you are doing during  
 We're on the ground supporting those affected by the October East coast floods. Help us by donating here 
 Our greatest need at the moment is financial donations. Text REDCROSS to 90999 or click here: 
South Carolina flooding: How to help via  
 30 shelters open across  Full list below, new shelters in green, or stay up-to-date via:  
 Thank you for reaching out!  Please send a note to nic ; we'll get you involved in the efforts! - Staff
Stay inside and stay safe South Carolina 
Obama leaves gaping holes in American presence in the Mid East, yet blindly “welcomes Russia in Syria.” Via
We see more of Clinton’s national security carelessness as the “Number of Clinton emails now deemed classified doubles.” Via
Via Obama’s administration “could not confirm exactly who Russian military forces are targeting inside of Syria”
Via “Obama administration scrambles as Russia attempts to seize initiative in Syria.”
Be sure to tune-in to show on tomorrow. Talking Russia, Iran, ISIL ; Gamecocks!
The Russia-Assad-Iran alliance is a “very bad deal for the region and eventually, our homeland.” 
 Putin’s aggressive actions are the “result of four years (or more) of passivity and demonstrated weakness” from Obama
Via “I'm giving voice to the Republican or the independent who's looking for a problem solver.” 
Obama’s legacy as POTUS: “a bigger terror threat and diminished U.S. influence.” Via
 doesn’t believe this is a contest between the US ; Russia  He’s right - Russia, Iran, ; China are cleaning our foreign policy clock.
Radical Islam is running wild on ’s watch.  Iran ; Russia have united to continue the destruction in Syria.
Contrary to what says, America’s standing in the world, particularly in the Middle East, is at rock bottom.
 ’s pathetic attempt to sugar coat America’s position in the world is getting to be an old act.
Graham: “Assad is a puppet of Iran. The people slaughtered in Syria will not accept Assad as their legitimate leader.” Via
Graham: “Putin helping Assad means that ISIL becomes stronger because it’s a recruiting opportunity for ISIL” Via
Graham: “Now is the time to increase military spending because of the threats to our nation.” Via 
 “Graham talks national security, government funding at Florence Chamber luncheon” 
 talking w/ now...listen    
Watch my exchange w/ about using the education of young women to combat radical Islam 
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families of this terrible tragedy at Umpqua Community College.
 FP has been an abysmal failure. As a result, adversaries of the U.S. continue to take advantage of his miscalculations ; blunders
It also means the war in Syria never ends ; increases the likelihood terrorist safe havens in Syria become a launching pad for the next 9/11
Russia-Assad-Iran alliance is a nightmare for the region, a recruiting opportunity for ISIL ; slap in the face to the Obama Administration
Putin, through his actions, is showing disdain for American interests
Graham: “When It Comes To Defending Our Nation, Experience Is A Good Thing. I’ve Got A Bunch Of It. 
Graham: “Give A Young Woman A Say About The Future Of Her Children In The Mid-East.” 
Watch my interview from yesterday w/ where we discuss 2016 ; protecting our nation 
Do you live in VA or IL?  Contact nic to get involved
Russia is not fighting ISIL, they are doing Assad’s work for him and clearing out all opposition. We should not “welcome” them
Only and could be so naive on Russia's intentions 
It's no surprise that Russian involvement would be 'unpredictable and potentially destabilizing.' has lost control of the region
LIVE now talking Russia in Syria 
Obama’s administration “failed to stop more than 250 Americans who have traveled overseas” to join terrorist groups. 
More of Obama’s weak policy: our top intelligence official is “not optimistic” about the outcome of the US-China cyber deal. Via
Via “Obama's supporters in Congress [are] questioning what he is doing to fight Islamic State militants” 
The Islamic State is “a sprawling international organization with tentacles across Europe, Asia and the Middle East” 
 Putin “wrong to blame all the troubles of Syria” on “Western pro-democracy meddling” during U.N. address.
 At least is in our corner. Haven't seen statement from other candidates 
Via “Big Weapons Programs Face Jolt if Congress Caps Funding” It is critical that we strengthen our military now, not defund it.
“Obama lacks any strategy” to counter Putin’s “show of military ‘hard power’” in Syria. Via
Via “No More New Hampshire Primary?” I will fight to protect the first in the nation primary. 
“If you want a new foreign policy, you need to elect someone who will do something different,” Via 
Great to join w/ ; I hope you press every candidate to give his/her plan on how they’d destroy ISIL
Check out my interview w where we talk about my plan to destroy ISIL and much more 
Graham on As POTUS I would go into the Mid East, hunt down ISIS and “kill as many of the bastards as we can.” Via
“Granite Staters who will celebrate the 100th anniversary of the New Hampshire presidential primary in 2016” 
“[Graham] pointed to putting troops on the ground in the fight against ISIS” Via 
“ …and take their role in the nomination process seriously,” Preserving the great  tradition is good for our nation ; our party. (2/2
“New Hampshire has earned its place as the first-in-the-nation presidential primary state because our voters are sophisticated…”(1/2)
 Meet at my house Thursday, 10/8 pm.   
“The lesson is that America, whether it likes it or not, remains the one indispensable power.” Via 
“But America’s ability to steer events is diminished and Iran’s influence in Syria persists.” Via 
Looing forward to competing in a great  primary in 2016, a great national tradition 
 “The U.S. coalition has made little progress against Islamic State” in Iraq, forcing our Mid East allies to turn to Russia for help.
Via “Putin publicly laughs at the feeble U.S. efforts to build a pro-Western anti-Islamic State coalition.”
Via Putin deploys weapons systems in Syria to “hinder U.S. and allied operations in the region.”
Via “Clinton Aide Shared Classified Information With Foundation, Email Shows.”
Are you interested in getting involved in   DM us to learn more
 Audio/transcript: on military confrontation looming w/Russia: 
 “Putin mocked the failure of US efforts to arm Syrian rebels.” Obama’s strategy is failing. We need a POTUS 
Read Senior Advisor Paul Young's statement on  primary ; why we should leave our nation's proven system as is: 
Graham on ISIL: “Get them or they’re going to get you. I intend to get them” Via  
Talking w today about the new developments out of the  ; failure to lead. Stay tuned for the full interview today
“We have too many terrorists. We have too much debt, and I want to create energy independence” 
Taping for an upcoming show.  Thanks for having me!  
“…Meanwhile the threat of Islamic State terrorism has brought the problem home.” Via 
 "I learned from Bush’s mistakes, Obama’s mistakes, and my mistakes." -  
 "That's what I would suggest, they all drop out of the race," says of the other candidates. 
“The attempt to conjure up some moderate alternative in Syria has been an almost complete failure….”

Great take by via on the on going cost of American inaction under 

Tune in now to watch my interview on broadcast at 11:00am Eastern, 10:00am Central ; Pacific. 
Do you live in VA or IL?  Contact nic to get involved
An hour out from Tune in at 11am ET today for my interview on my story and the 2016 race
Via Taliban seize strategic provincial capital in northern Afghanistan in “one of the most serious security breaches”
I will be on at 11am ET today talking about my story and the 2016 race, be sure to tune in!
Via “Russia further asserted itself in the Middle East this weekend.” I would increase our military footprint in the Mid East
Tune in tomorrow at 11:00am Eastern or 10:00am Central ; Pacific to catch my interview on 
Are you interested in getting involved in  DM us to learn more
LIVE w/ on from Myrtle Beach, tune in now! 
Will be on w/ on at 4:30pm ET today, excited to make my first appearance on her new show!
 Senator joins us LIVE on tomorrow to discuss his run for president, John Boehner ; more. 
Do you live in VA or IL?  Contact nic to get involved
Come by the Crown Reef Resort in Myrtle Beach today at 11:30am ET for a town hall event w/ myself ; 
  joins Listen:  
LIVE w/ on talking 2016 and my next NH trip, listen in here: 
  joins Morning Meeting w/ and on at 10:30am today
Doors open at 10:30am ET for today's town hall meeting w/ at the Crown Reef Resort. Be there!  
Talking w/ on at 10:30am today about 2016 and my upcoming NH trip! Tune in here: 
Putin is “walking all over Obama… He has allowed Russia back into the Middle East in a strong way” 
LIVE w/ now! Listen in here: 
Starting the day off in Myrtle Beach by talking w/  at 9:30am ET. Be sure to tune in here: 
 “I am not looking for a fair fight” against Radical Islam. I will rebuild our military to stop them before they come here.
Talking about protecting; building up our armed forces w fmr Navy SEAL on today stay tuned for the full interview
Heading to Uncle Mikey's Brick Oven Pizza in Murrells Inlet for a meet and greet, I hope you can join us if you’re in the area 
Meeting w South Strand ; Georgetown County Republican Parties today, looking forward to a great event here in the Lowcountry! 
On this  we honor and remember the sons and daughters who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our country
“Terrorist organizations are stronger than they have ever been.” As POTUS, I will defeat Radical Islam. 
 continued call for military spending cuts shows he is “not ready to be Commander in Chief.” 
Obama shows he is “a weak opponent of evil and a poor champion of freedom” with this dangerous Iran treaty. 
More of Obama’s failed policy: “Syrian rebels trained and armed by the United States” released weapons to al Qaeda. Via
Graham: If the 2016 election isn’t about national security, “then we’ve missed the boat,” Via 
Graham on ISIL: “they are going to be small, they are going to be poor and they are going to be on the run” 
“Lindsey Graham vows to chase ISIS to the ends of the Earth” Via 
 doesn’t understand that “we need to increase our military footprint because the threats are growing” 
Listen to my interview w/ on ending late-term abortion on demand here:
We're 1 of 7 nations in the world that allow abortion on demand at 20 wks. I'd like to get us out of that club. 
 "Without a strong America there will always be a weak world." 
My sister Darline and her family walking in the Irmo Okra Strut this morning in SC. Rain or shine! 
As president, I will put an end to late term abortion on demand. Read my OpEd in the w/ here: 
 Lindsey Graham: If it wasn’t for my family, my friends and my faith, I wouldn’t be standing here today.
We now know that the unborn can feel pain at 20 weeks due to advances in perinatal medicine. 
 “I don’t think that gets where the world is at, that the dangers to this country do not justify gutting the military”
Speaking at  in a few minutes, you can live stream the event via here: 
Clinton’s mishandling of national security information like “North Korea’s nuclear weapons system” is alarming. Via
Excited to speak at the Value Voters Summit this morning about religious liberty ;  sanctity of life 
“Graham is the one person who has the temerity to speak his mind” Via 
If China wants a good relationship with the U.S., they have to act in a responsible fashion. 
As president, I would approach the Chinese government with a clenched fist and an open hand. 
Watch my recent interview with on how I would approach the U.S.-China relationship here: 
The majority of Americans agree that the nuclear deal with Iran is incredibly dangerous. Via 
“Syria is collapsing. It is becoming a complete hell on Earth.” It’s time to re-invest in our military, not close bases. 
 “56 percent think the agreement on Iran’s nuclear program will make the United States less safe.” 
“Want a real leader? Support Lindsey Graham” Via 
Great to meet so many students here at National Security Forum! 
 “By a 37-point margin, independents feel the agreement makes the U.S. less safe.” 
As president, I will get a better deal with Iran and ensure that they don't acquire a nuclear weapon. 
Read my take on "Speaker John Boehner retiring from Congress at the end of October" (via Politico): 
 has been an honorable public servant and I wish him well.
 “It’s clear why American voters oppose the Iran nuclear deal:  they think it’s dangerous.” 
Speaking now at about national security! Watch it live here:  
About to start speaking at about national security! You can live stream the event here:  
 Lindsey Graham speaking at the College of Charleston at 10 am 
Come by the Town Hall event at today! I will be speaking at 10am ET and would love to see you there! 
Good morning Charleston! Be at soon to meet some of their wonderful faculty ; staff 
 “This is now the era…when rogue regimes provide their own samples” 
 “Gone are the kind of intrusive inspections that even Saddam Hussein had to tolerate” 
Graham: “It’s in our national interest to destroy ISIL” Via 
Excellent take by on the dangerous fiasco of Iranian self-inspection 
As president I would find a ground component that would destroy ISIL and put military pressure on assad to leave. 
 “We are a long way from the go-anywhere, look-at-anything inspections that President Obama promised” 
Watch my appearance on this AM where we talk about my strategy to defeat ISIL 
 delivered important messages about economic opportunity, justice, protecting life ; being better stewards of God’s creation.
I was honored to be present for today’s historic address to Congress.
Graham: “I’m going to fight to be Commander-in-Chief for the finest fighting force in the history of the world.” via
Graham: “The next president needs to be clear as to what they will do. I intend to destroy ISIL.” via 
  listens to  address to Congress – LIVE on C-SPAN    
To those serving in  and those who supply our military: I've got your back.  
Graham on Trump: “when he does speak about foreign policy, he doesn’t make a whole lot of sense to me 
“Lindsey Graham delivered a blistering takedown of rival GOP candidates”   
“Graham: 'The next 9/11' is likely coming from Syria” We need a POTUS  to fight Radical Islam 
LIVE with on NH Today now. Be sure to tune-in!
The  is a dangerous joke: Iran picks samples “from the military site that IAEA inspectors haven’t been allowed to visit in a decade.”
 2016 News: fires away at GOP rivals and    
Watch my interview w/ from yesterday. We talk ISIL ; 2016 race 
 greets supporters at on the campaign trail.    
Graham: “I don’t want one novice replacing another novice when it comes to being Commander-in-Chief.” Via 
 Sen. Graham with the owners of SubZero.   
Watch my interview w/ from yesterday. We talk ISIL ; 2016 race 
It was Yogi at his best.  May he rest in peace. (4/4) 
I asked about his service on a rocket boat during D-Day invasion.  What was it like? Yogi said, "LOUD!" (3/4)
I had the pleasure of meeting Yogi several years ago at a Yankees game.  He was kind, gracious, and extremely funny. (2/4)
Baseball lost one of its legendary greats and America one of her favorite sons.  What an incredible life on and off the field. (1/4)
Graham: We’re all in it together and to those American Muslims who have joined the American military to fight radical Islam” Via
On the way to for a mid-afternoon treat! Come on by if you’re in the area 
Graham “If I’m President We’re Going To Rally The People Within The Faith…We’re Going To Destroy Radical Islam.” Via
Thank you Flegal Law! I hope to see you all again soon  
 Lindsey Graham in Nashua  
Graham: “I’m Going To Stop All Funding To The International Atomic Energy Agency.” Via 
Heading to the Flegal Law Office in Nashua to meet with some fellow lawyers...Don’t tell who calls us names! 
The IAEA inspections are a dangerous joke. I will suspend their funding until we see the side deal with Iran: 
  hangs with robots at Granite State Manufacturing. 
Thank you for a great tour, we need to unburden small businesses like yours from regulations  
 2016 Watch: tests out the equipment at Granite State Manufacturing   
It is a great day to be in Manchester NH! Starting the day off w/ a tour of 
LIVE on from Manchester, NH be sure to tune in! 
Joining ; on at 8:30am ET today live from Manchester, NH 
Via "I'm going to fight to be commander-in-chief for the finest fighting force in the history of the world."
Via “I want to let every American Muslim serving in uniform know that I honor your service.” 
Wishing all of my Jewish friends an easy fast on Yom Kippur.
Via Graham "gets things done and is a leader who puts our country above all"  
Read my full statement on opposing the Keystone pipeline here: 
As president, I would immediately approve Keystone XL.
Keystone represents sound environmental policy that will move our economy in the right direction ; strengthen our national security.
Building this pipeline is essential to our national security by reducing our dependence on oil from countries that hate us.
In opposing Keystone pipeline, once again shows that she intends to continue the failed polices of the Obama Administration
Sitting down for dinner w/ tonight in Manchester, NH! Looking forward to discussing how to spur business growth around the country
Graham: If I am president of the United States, we will set this deal aside and the hostages will come home. Via
 how can you sleep at night? via Will Assad Leave Office Before Obama?  
As president, I will end late-term abortions on demand. 
Watch my full interview w/ from yesterday, we talk about the 2016 race and the  
Graham: “I would build this economy by unleashing potential.” Via 
Graham: "I am best qualified above all others to be commander-in-chief on day one. Something that I think is going to matter over time."
Obama is failing the Syrian rebel training program with “slowness” and “lack of seriousness”
Graham “I understand this war, I have a plan to win, I intend to win it” Via 
Tune-in to at 9:10am ET today, I will be talking about my 20 week pain capable bill
Missed last week's  Watch highlights and see why I'm  
It's unanimous. 
Scott is a great governor with much to be proud of.  He put his heart ; soul into this campaign ; I wish him ; his family all the best.
Tune in NOW to to hear about my 20 week pain capable bill. Listen in here: 
Tune-in to tonight 5:20pm ET today to hear us discuss my 20 week pain capable bill. Listen in here: 
LIVE w/ now! Listen here: 
Talking w/ my friend today at 4pm ET! We will be discussing national security ; comments: 
Graham: “What would I do with China? I would have a clenched fist and an open hand.” Via 
LIVE on w/ tune in now!
Graham: “35 trips to Iraq and Afghanistan in the last decade, I understand this war” Via 
 “His tough views…enthralled the audience.” 
 Listen to discuss comments on Muslims in the White House. 
Watch my appearance on from yesterday here: 
“Graham: ‘I’m best prepared to be commander in chief’” Via 
Thank you for your selfless service. We need to do more on our end to get you the care that you’ve earned  
No great idea ever happened over a glass of water.  
How Lindsey Graham Had A “Breakout Performance” At The CNN Reagan Library Debate
 “Graham flashed his razor-sharp wit…during a…meeting with Iowans Supporting Israel and the Roundtable
Graham: “We’re going on offense and we’re going to win a war we can’t afford to lose,” Via 
Heading to the Hy-Vee in Johnston for a Veterans coalition meeting. Looking forward to meeting w some brave men ; women 
 needs to apologize to American Muslims.  He is a good doctor, but clearly not prepared to lead a great nation.
 is not ready to be Commander-In-Chief.  America is an idea, not owned by a particular religion.
  "I understand this war. I have a plan to win it. I intend to win it." 
Joining on live from Des Moines, IA this morning! 
The winner of the early  is clear. 
Thank you for having me today. Your cause is important and you will always have a supporter in me 
The  winner is clear. (VIDEO) 
I am proud to appear at the today in Des Moines. Religious liberty and family values need protection now more than ever 
It was great to see the here in Ames today! 
 Here's a behind-the-scenes look at our exclusive interview with yesterday. -AMR Staff 
 “Graham said he is the only candidate in the 2016 field who has a plan for defeating ISIS” 
“Graham: ‘I’m best prepared to be commander in chief’” Via 
Heading to the in Ames! Come ask a question and I will answer it honestly  
Thanks for a great afternoon Iowa Falls! I look forward to seeing you all again soon 
How Lindsey Graham Had A “Breakout Performance” At The CNN Reagan Library Debate
On the way to Iowa Falls for a meet ; greet at the local Looking forward to answering some great questions 
Excited to kick off another day here in IA! First stop is The Good NewsRoom Coffee Shop in Boone come say hi if you’re in the area 
Loved visiting the John Wayne museum today! If there's any job cooler than he may have had it 
Talking w/ here in Waukee - stay tuned, the interview to air soon! 
Will be at at 5:30pm CT to meet w/ ; other folks from Waukee. Join us! 
Read my take on "Man at Trump Rally Calls Obama 'Muslim,' 'Not Even An American'" (via USA Today): 
On the way to in Winterset, come on by if you are in the area! 
Can't wait to hear this... 
9. Did something unheard of in this race…and laid out a serious plan to secure nation ; move our country forward 
8. Addressed the crippling debt ; a pathway forward
7. Promised to lead the Republican Party to  the 2016 election
6. Set himself apart from other politicians ; acknowledged his…linguistic shortcomings
5. Had some choice words for the Democratic frontrunner, Hillary Clinton
4. Vowed to follow in Ronald Reagan's footsteps ; raise the glass a little more in Washington
3. Used his notorious quick wit to keep the serious talk light
2. Noted similarities between the Donald's FP ; a cartoon character
1. Challenged other candidates to come up w/ a plan to defeat ISIL 
How Lindsey Graham Had A “Breakout Performance” At The CNN Reagan Library Debate: 
 The day is here! It's our 68th birthday! Video:   
Headed to the Crouse Café in Indianola to meet with some ; folks from around the area 
Happy 68th birthday to the greatest air force in the world! No one comes close.  
Meeting with the Bull Moose Club in Des Moines, looking forward to meeting some caucus goers this afternoon! 
Happening Now: LIVE on w/ now! Don’t miss it! 
"On ISIL, ‘We’re Gonna Kill Every One Of These Bastards We Can Find’" Via 
There is a right way to handle these situations and a wrong way to handle these situations, Donald. 
I will be on w/ at 12:30pm ET today live from Des Moines, IA! Be sure to tune in 
Thank you to ; for meeting w/ me. As president I will make Israel’s security our number one priority in the Middle East
 Tune in at 12pm ET today for an exclusive interview with Staff 
Graham is "Would-Be Warrior Commander-In-Chief Who Would Confront And Defeat Radical Islam” 
It is great to be back in Iowa! Joining w/ ; here inDes Moines to discuss the  ; Israel 
“Palmetto Sunrise: Lindsey Graham Shines in Debate” Via 
Via News: "Graham Vows To End Syrian ‘Hell’ In Energetic Debate Performance"
"In The Debate, Graham Took 'Passionate Jabs' And Argue[d] For A Robust National Defense" Via 
"Graham Was A 'Voice Of Reason' On The Stage" Via 
Via "Graham Took Democratic Front-Runner Hillary Clinton To Task On Her Failure To Act On Benghazi"
"Graham Was The 'One Clear Victor' Of The Early Debate" Via
"Graham 'Looked Like A Winner' In The Debate On Wednesday" Via 
“Lindsey Graham: Pragmatic And Level-Headed, Refusing To Pander, Wisecracking His Way To The Next Political Fight.” 
“Lindsey Graham Had A Very Good Night…Made The Most Of His Opportunity To Snag A Lot Of Air Time” Via 
Via "Lindsey Graham on Wednesday night called Syria 'hell on Earth' in a fiery, breakout debate performance"
Via “The Lindsey Graham Show Turned Up In Simi Valley, California, During Tonight’s CNN Republican Presidential Debate.”
I think my national security plan is my best policy suggestion of 2015 - but I agree this is a good one too! 
  says and need to develop their foreign policy  
 Republican presidential candidate, U.S. Senator  @ 12PM ET on " Coast to Coast"
Why Lindsey Graham Is Trending After His Debate  via
Got stuck in the Senate ; had to miss my interview.  Sorry ; but will catch up with you soon 
How Lindsey Graham dominated the Republican undercard debate  via
On at 11:45am ET! Think we’re going to discuss last night’s  ; some of these headlines?  
“Lindsey O. Graham shined in Wednesday night’s debate at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library" via 
“I am so ready to get on with winning a war that we can't afford to lose.” 
Video: Lindsey Graham's best debate zingers via  
"'Where the hell were you' during the Benghazi attacks, Graham fumed."   
 Check out how amazing did on the Internet during   last night!  
  shines at undercard debate  via 
"...SC senator lit up the crowd at the  during CNN's undercard debate."  
"Graham [...] called Syria 'hell on Earth' in fiery debate performance in which he touted military experience." 
Glad to hear my plan for 10,000 troops in Iraq used as the measuring stick for a solid national security plan.  
I'm  on Day One, that's my promise to you:  
Thank you 10,000 troops in Iraq is what we need to   
"No one knows ; un­der­stands nat. se­cur­ity ques­tions bet­ter than Lind­sey." It's the why I'm  
  This time evokes name//performance in the first debate to ask a questi…
 ...waiting for to walk on stage from the left and start answering questions about ISIS and terrorism. 
 ISIS discussion needs He's right on the money. Need more troops! No other way! Boots!!!
 “We need military experts, not politicians.” Who do you think you’re talking to? Read my plan: 
  asked about saying more troops needed to fight ISIS. Walker says he is "not putting out a …
I've had Vlad Putin's number since the Bush Administration:   
We need the character to carry a policy of victory in the war (via    
I'm the only candidate who served while Ronald Reagan was our President. It was one of the highlights of my life.  
I stand alone in presenting a clear foreign policy vision for America (via   
"There was one person on the stage tonight ready to serve as Commander-in-Chief on day one: Lindsey Graham."
 Some stats from -- Lindsay Graham got some attention on the Internet tonight 
 Graham "widely respected for his principles and his foreign policy acumen"   
 Here are the funniest Lindsey Graham jokes from the undercard debate  via
 Drawing the red line with Syria was not the mistake for President Obama - not having the will to enforce was.
I will win a war we can't afford to lose. I have a plan to destroy radical Islam, because it has to be destroyed.  
 not about "getting along" with Vladimir Putin. It's about effective foreign policy:  
 doesn't understand there needs to be ground force of allies in Syria ; doesn't know how to destroy ISIL. 
 With making the most mentions, here the most popular tweets about his  appearance: 
Donald Trump gets his foreign policy from watching television - the Cartoon Network.  
 GRAHAMENTUM 
 Conventional wisdom says Lindsey Graham won the warmup  Do you agree? 
 Excellent job by tonight, glad America saw my friend as he is - funny, substantive ;  
 The first  shot at came from 
 When it comes to foreign policy Graham "has his competitors beat":   
  shines at the so-called undercard   via 
 
What do I offer? A vision and determination to win a war that we cannot afford to lose.   
I'm tired of telling people things that sound good, but that we can't do.  
If I'm POTUS, I'm not putting one penny toward Planned Parenthood.  
If other candidates don't understand that POTUS strategies are not working, they're not ready  
 "If the war in Syria never ends, its coming here"
Situation in Russia is what happens when you get a weak, unqualified Commander in Chief who doesn't understand America's role in the world.
 Graham says "the next 9/11 is most likely to occur from an attack from Syria." Says "Assad must go."
For waitresses wanting a higher min wage, let's instead create an environment where restaurants open down the street to hire you ; pay more.
Terrorism sponsored by Iran is coming here if we don't stop them. So yes, I would set this deal aside and get a better deal. 
 wants to close bases? I want MORE bases to protect our nation.   cc: 
  "The worst nightmare in the world is a radical Islamic regime with a weapon of mass destruction." 
Here's what I want to do as your President: I want to grow this economy. 
 Graham is killing it tonight, winning the debate and tweeting at the same time!   
 Where the hell were you on the night of the Benghazi attack? 

 If you can't hear it on your television screens, Graham is winning the audience here in Simi Valley.
 Lindsey Graham roars out of the debate gates  
When my parents died, we were wiped out financially. If it weren't for social security, we wouldn't have made it. I want to save it.
 "Where the hell were you on the night of the Benghazi attack?" asks Hillary Clinton at  
How does President Obama sleep at night? Look what has happeend on your watch.  
Take a look at my national security agenda here:  
 definition of flat broke and mine are a little bit different. 
  to "You're having a good debate."
Whether you're the wedding cake baker, the gay couple, or preacher - radical Islam would kill you all if they could.  
 Here is full interview with   
 Here is full interview with   
 How the debate is going so far: Lindsey Graham -; 

I have the experience and readiness to be Commander-in-Chief on day one.  
 Sen. McCain and I begged you to do a no-fly zone when it would matter - and you said no. I'm blaming Barack Obama for this mess.
 Graham on  "We're gonna kill everyone one of these bastards we can find"  
I am saying that we're not going to destroy ISIL from the air. In 35 trips, I've learned what works and what doesn't 

How does President Obama sleep at night? Look what has happened on your watch.
 Lindsey Graham makes the case against the outsiders: “Experience matters … Let’s don’t replace one novice with another!“
If you're not willing to do these things, you're not ready to be Commander in Chief.   
Would you go from 3500 to 10,000 American boots on the ground? If you don't, we're going to lose. 
If I'm POTUS, we'll send more forces into Iraq because we have to.  
 Can't wait to see kill it tonight on the early debate!! By far the best candidate running on foreig…
Love it.  makes jokes...thanking for having a live audience for him....see it live on 
I'm running for president to win the war on terror. I have an uncomprompising determination to win this war. 
Among all others, I am most qualified to be Commander in Chief on Day One.  
I want to be President to destroy radical Islam, to protect you and your family.  
 Love it.  makes jokes...thanking for having a live audience for him....see it live on 
Starting NOW.  
Starting in 1 hour, watch the  broadcast from the Reagan Library. Tweet with  
I won't have "General Whiskers" with me at 6pm  but I will have real answers to real Qs!  
Sen. Graham emphasizes foreign policy credentials at N.H. town meeting | 
Interview with from the amazing set of tonight's debates.  Tune in at 6pm ET  
“If I am president, the war on terror ends this way: We win, they lose.”  via
TODAY: watch the  to hear my plan to defeat ISIL and keep our nation secure. I'm  
Tomorrow, tune into CNN to watch me during the 6pm ET debate at the Reagan Library. I'll explain why I'm  
 We need a POTUS "who can hit the ground running, who understands the world's challenges." 
(2/2) uprising they wouldn’t now be fretting about the Syrian refugees now swamping Europe." Via 
(1/2) Had the anti-interventionist wing of the GOP followed John McCain’s and Lindsey Graham’s advice to act forcefully at the start...
Obama’s weak leadership allows Putin to reverse 70 years of U.S.  policy: 
“Russian intervention will not defeat the Islamic State. But it might save the Assad regime” Via 
Putin's support for Assad is a recruiting tool for  We need to be tough on friends of terror like Russia: 
What I know about  “We can beat these guys with the right strategy.” 
 WSJ editorial: Following advice from ; I would've headed off  refugee crisis we face today: 
As president, I will restore America's global position of strength and leadership 
 Constant violence has forced millions to flee Syria. A look at what they’re facing at home  
 nailed it. America needs a strong leader that the rest of the world respects, not one that they know they can push around
Graham: “The reason I’m running for President of the United States is to destroy ISIL and win against radical Islam,” Via
 “I believe in Lindsey Graham,” Via 
Graham: “don’t say you want to destroy ISIL if you don’t have a plan.” Via 
LIVE on on tune in now!
 “Unlike Trump Graham offers plenty of specifics for his plans to combat issues such as…saving Social Security and Medicare”
Going on today at 10:30am ET! Tune into here: 
 “Foreign policy is one of the central issues of Graham’s campaign. Graham [is] known for [his] experience on the subject”
 “Graham, a long-time U.S. senator with a depth of experience in foreign policy…” full story here: 
Last NH town hall meeting of the weekend.  Thanks for campaigning w/me in the Granite State!  
Will be in Keene tonight at 6:30pm ET for a town hall w/ can’t wait for some great questions 
Heading to Deering, NH for a town hall w/ looking forward to taking and answering many questions 
 : “I believe in Lindsey Graham,” Via 
Stopping by Cornerstone’s God, Country ; BBQ in Pembroke at 2:30pm ET! Looking forward to some awesome food 
Graham: “The reason I’m running for President of the United States is to destroy ISIL and win against radical Islam,” Via
 : Graham is most prepared to deal with national security. 
Graham: The Ayatollah is telling you..I intend to destroy Israel no matter what you say about this deal keeping Israel safe. Via
Whatever it takes, as long as it takes, to defeat ISIL.  
“I believe has the ability to address the problems we're facing in the world today."  
Graham: “the way you stop this agreement is to elect a president who won’t honor it.” Via 
"The threat of terror remains. Graham, 'my partner and my brother,' is the man to fix it, said." 
Starting this Sunday off with a town hall in Milford, NH w/ ! Come on by if you are in the area 
Final Town Hall Meeting of the day is underway in Exeter  cc 
Thank you  
Headed to Exeter for a town hall at 6:30pm ET w/ , stop-by if you are in the area 
Excited to stop by the BBQ ; Beer Bash w/ ! 
"The threat of terror remains. Graham, 'my partner and my brother,' is the man to fix it, said." 
Graham: “I’m going to cut off all funding, if I can, to the [IAEA], $88 million dollars…until we see the side agreement” via
Are you currently in Gilford NH? If so, you should stop by my town hall today w/ at 3:15pmET 
At  supports | New Hampshire  via
Hey We don't need workers on bases “on their toes,” we need to support them ; our nat'l security. 
Beautiful day in NH  
Ran into at BBQ in Manchester  cc 
Talked  , 2016 race, and ‘gotcha’ questions w/ ; today. Listen to the audio here: 
Heading to a town hall event in Concord NH! Come by and see ; I answer as many questions we can - the New Hampshire way 
Stopping by 5th annual family picnic w/ in a few 
 - Thank you 4 standing up 4 America, Israel ; the world. Grateful 4 your powerful words on the Senate floo…
 Thx for stopping by and during our visit to and 
Heading to the convention at w/ Looking forward to a great time! 
LIVE from Manchester, NH on w/ now! Tune in to 
Joining on this morning at 9:45am ET live from Manchester, NH 
Come ask us anything you and we'll tell you what we think.  In true New Hampshire primary fashion 
 I'm proud to call you my friend and I wish you the best in the future.
I've always respected service to our country in the Air Force, and distinguished service to the people of TX.
Heading to Plymouth, NH for a town hall w/ , stop on by if you are in the area 
Pints ; Politics w/ on Tune in for a great talk w/  
Talking Politics ; Pints w/ on at the Barley House in Concord, NH! Join and me at 5pm ET 
 Thanks to ; for visiting the today in New Hampshire.  
Talking w/ right now about 2016 and the  Hear full interview on his show at 6pm ET
 Audio: seek benefits for Glen Doherty’s family   
  students sing Natl. Anthem w/ ;     
  says in NH: 'has been a weak opponent of evil ; a poor champion of freedom'    vi…
 Glad to be in New Hampshire today with my friend 
 Lindsey Graham: "The Conditions For Another 9/11 Are Ripe" 
"Lindsey Graham says the conditions are 'ripe' for another 9/11-style terror attack; will likely come from Syria." 
We took a few minutes to say thank you to first responders in Nashua today. Hope you will too.… 
Special moment with senjohnmccain and students from Saint Anselm College in Manchester remembering… 
Stopped for a quick tour of the bus  
A moment of silence at the 9/11 Memorial at w/ 
Stopping by the Nashua, NH Fire Station w/ at 1:30pm ET, looking forward to a great visit! 
I'm  on Day One. See my national security overview here:  
 This is a time of crisis in the world and is the leader we need.
President Obama's "plan" is not working, and no other POTUS candidates have presented a comprehensive strategy to 
This is a conflict between humanity and radical Islam.  
The reason I'm running for president is to  and win the war on terror 
As we  we must work to defeat the  terrorist threats facing our nation today. 
ISIL is currently holding Norwegian and Chinese hostages "for sale." We must stop them there before they come here.
As president, I will do whatever it takes, as long as it takes to degrade and destroy ISIL. 
Happening now: press conference here at in Manchester, NH w/ discussing the growing threat of ISIL 
 Senator John McCain and Senator visited the NHIOP today and chatted with a few students 
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights has estimated ISIL has 50,000 fighters in Syria alone. 
On the anniversary of 9/11 I'm speaking to about ISIL, the most serious terrorism threat facing our nation today. 
 Then-Congressman inspects the damage at the Pentagon following  attacks 
 John McCain says he, along with Lindsey Graham, wants to bring an end to the refugee crisis.  
 Both ; say they will help get the family of Glen Doherty, killed at Benghazi, benefits he …
Remembering brave first responders and 3000 innocent Americans who lost their lives 14 years ago.  
LIVE on w/ tune into now!
Joining on today at 5pm ET. Be sure to tune in!
Taping a segment for ‘Good Morning Carolinas’ this afternoon, tune in tomorrow morning to see it!
Talking w/ on today at 11:05am ET. Will be talking  and previewing my upcoming trip to NH 
On LIVE w/ now! Tune in here: 
Excited to join my friend on his show this morning at 10:45am ET. Glad he’s feeling better and ready to talk 
“I will not let up until we change course, force Iran back to the table, and get a better deal." via
ICYMI: Highlights from my speech at yesterday 
LIVE now w/ tune in here: 
LIVE on w/ now! Tune in for  talk and much more
Talking w/ friend today at 4:30pm ET today! You can listen in here: 
Joining this afternoon on Tune in at 4:20pm ET to watch!
Here is my full interview w/ on from yesterday. We cover the  2016 and more 
Read my full response to misguided remarks on the  from today: 
“This Obama-Clinton Iranian nuclear deal puts an enormous amount of trust in a dangerous regime” 
Graham: “As president I would restore the type of strong American leadership we need to be able to get a better deal” 
“just 21% approve of the (Iran) agreement… Nearly half (49%) disapprove of the agreement” via 
Does this sound like a regime that should be allowed to inspect itself? Via 
“Iran's supreme leader… predicted that Israel would not exist in 25 years.”  Via full story here: 
I will vote to reject this   via
Watch my full speech on the  from yesterday at the via 
President Obama's bad  gives Iran nuclear bomb, missile to deliver it, and the money to pay for it: 
"POTUS projected weakness and clearly didn't understand who he's dealing with." More on bad    via
LIVE on w/ now! Tune in to
Joining w/ tonight at 6:30pm on be sure to tune in!
Graham: "People in New Hampshire respect candid and honest answers," via 
 Republican presidential candidate Lindsey Graham will join us tonight in the  Center Seat.Senator... htt…
Joining today, be sure to listen to the full interview on his show at 6pm ET Will be wary of Hugh's so called "gotcha questions"
Graham: "The pathway to the White House goes through Milford." Via 
“Republican Sen Lindsey Graham of South Carolina also had a strong showing at the parade festivities”via 
Graham: "This is the beginning of the first inning. The first pitch is today here in Milford," via 
Thank you for hosting this important discussion.  Full remarks here:  
Building a school for a young, poor girl will do more damage to Radical Islam than any bomb we can drop. 
My goal as president is to achieve victory in the war on terror. 
I'm best qualified to be Commander in Chief at a time we need somebody who knows what the hell they are doing. 
Evil is doing very well on President Obama's watch. He's been a poor champion of freedom. 
Doing what Obama is doing - plus a little bit - gets you nothing. We need to degrade and destroy ISIL. 
No one on our side is addressing Syria in a coherent fashion. There is nobody left to destroy ISIL and push Assad out. 
As to degrading and destroying ISIL - whatever it takes, as long as it takes, until they are destroyed. Period. 
As president, I wouldn't give Iran a penny until they stopped being the largest state sponsor of terrorism on the planet. 
The idea of containing the Ayatollah after he gets a nuke is a non-starter. 
If this is such a good deal, why do we need to spend billions to give weapons to the Arabs? 
The fact that we're promising more weapons to everyone else in the region tells you all you need to know about this deal. 
The answer to this dilemma is to make sure that America reasserts herself. It's time to set the world back in order. 
We can already see that this is a bad deal. Everybody in the Mideast region is worried. Israel is adamently against this. 
I find it offensive that my government would negotiate a deal with the UN and Iran that Congress can't see. 
I look forward to the debate as to whether or not we should fund IAEA until we get a chance to see the side agreement. 
To deny discussion on this deal would be one of the low points in history of US Senate. 
President Obama can't get this deal. He has neither the will nor an understanding of the complexities of the Middle East. But I do 
  says at he will lead the effort to impost new sanctions on Iran and block funding for the
Obama says there’s no better deal to be had. Not from a POTUS who negotiates from weakness. But right POTUS will get right deal. 
I am leading the effort to impose additional sanctions on the Iranian regime.  I will also block funding for the IAEA. 
What did Iran get from the negotiation?  A deal that gives them nuclear bomb, missile to deliver it, ; money to pay for it. 
In short, Iran set the entire Middle East on fire. 
While Obama was backing down from every negotiating objective he had laid out, Iran was taking down the government of Yemen.  
While the Obama Administration was giving away our ability to dismantle Iran's nuclear program, Iran giving rise to ISIL. 
While Kerry was giving away the farm at the negotiating table, his State Dept was detailing Iran's terror campaign in Mideast.  
We had a president who projected weakness and clearly didn’t understand who he was dealing with. 
I helped lead this effort because I believe that the single greatest threat to our nat'l security is prospect of a nuclear Iran.  
President Obama chose to remain on the sidelines.  The religious Nazis running Iran faced no consequences for their actions.  
Losers of deal include American businesses ; officials cyber attacked by China, people of Ukraine, Syrians who suffer under Assad. 
When history is written, I believe it will say that President Obama was a weak opponent of evil ; poor champion of freedom. 
To my Democratic colleagues who say this agreement saves Israel and secures its future, I couldn’t disagree more strongly. 
President Obama’s deal with Iran could only be reached through a long series of mistakes and miscalculations.  
 I'm lucky to be here to talk about something so important to people who jealously guard the 1st Amendment.
 Now LIVE on C-SPAN:  on  via   
Now taking the stage at  at Watch via 
Speaking LIVE about the  at now! Tune into or watch here: 
 1pmET LIVE: Sen  discusses the  at 
 At the National Press Club for speech. 
Coming up: I'll discuss why I urge members of Congress to reject the bad   at
In 1 hour: LIVE stream of my  speech at the via 
Check out today’s front cover w/ me and in Milford, NH via 
Tune in today to my speech about the bad  at the today at 1pm. You can live stream here: 
Will be at the BBQ at 3:15pm ET for a Labor Day picnic! 
If we don't defeat ISIL over there, they will come over here.  
Read my full national security agenda overview here.    
Heading to the Milford Labor Day Parade here in NH! Excited to meet some folks along the route 
Wishing you and your family a very happy Labor Day. 
Read my plan to keep America safe:  
Read my national security agenda overview here:  
Read my approach to restore America's leadership and protect our nation:   
Our nation deserves a Commander in Chief who deeply understands the Middle East and is  on Day One: 
An awesome event! Thank you so much for having me Colebrook  
An awesome event! Thank you so much for having me Colebrook  
Thanks for a great start to the day Pittsburg!  
Stopping for lunch in Berlin, NH at the Northland Restaurant ; Dairy bar, come say hi if you are in the area 
Unlike I have a thorough understanding of key players in Mideast ; a plan for our nat'l security:
Come join my town hall event this morning at the Tillotson Center in Colebrook at 10:30am ET. Looking forward to some great questions 
Starting today off at Happy Corner Café in Pittsburg, NH at 9:15am ET. Looking forward to a great breakfast 
I'm the only candidate with a comprehensive, effective plan to defeat ISIL. Read it here:  
 the role of Commander in Chief is not something to "delegate."
Spending some time door knocking this afternoon in Millsfield, NH. Be sure to stop by if you are nearby 
On the way to in Errol, NH to tour a great American outdoors shop! 
Had a great meal at Polly’s Pancake Parlor this morning! Glad to run into a family I met on Wed. in Atkinson  
Excited to stop by the Lancaster Fair today at noon and meet some folks, please come by and say hi if you are in the area 
 Thanks again to my pal for another great appearance this morning!!
Heading to the Dalton Gang Shooting Club of NH for some target practice and friendly competition 
LIVE w/ on tune in now!
My nat'l security agenda, point 3: Provide Necessary Resources To Deploy Both Hard And Soft Power. Full plan: 
My nat'l security agenda, point 2: Present Clear, Comprehensive Strategies For Directly Taking On Threats. More: 
Proud to sign the loyalty pledge at my town hall meeting in Hebron, NH  
Heading to the house of Pete Carey in Hebron, NH for a good old New Hampshire house party! I hope to see you there 
Talking to on WKQA radio in Norfolk, VA today! You can listen online here: 
My national security agenda, point 1: Develop Capability, Capacity, And Will. Full plan: 
Heading to in Manchester, NH now for a tour of this cutting edge business services provider 
 Headed your way!
 A big thanks to Senator for stopping by Prof. class today before his appearance o…
Please  my national security agenda to show America why I'm  on Day One: 
LIVE from New Hampshire on on  Tune in now! 
About to go LIVE w from in NH but had to interrupt this class first  
This ruling is one small step for the rule of law ; one giant leap for the  Well done Judge, good luck 
Joining on live from New Hampshire at 12pm ET to talk about the  and much more! 
Talking w/my friend of the this morning, watch the live stream here:  
Americans should be concerned about only one thing: that the next president is ready to be Commander in Chief. 
Starting off a big day in NH with a trip to the Intervale Farm Pancake House with the 
Taking oil from Iraq and Syria doesn't destroy ISIL; it destroys our standing in the Mideast.  via
It is great to be back in New Hampshire! Heading to Atkinson for a town hall event at 6:30pm, I hope you will join us if you’re nearby 
LIVE now talking  w/ be sure to tune in here: 
Graham: No other candidate has a strategy against radical Islam:  via
Tune in to at 1pm ET today, I will be on with to discuss the 2016 field and much more!
LIVE on w/ ; tune in to now!
Starting the day live on w/ ; today at 8:30am ET. Be sure to tune in!
Graham: “America is under threat at home… ; ISIL will not be destroyed by the current (U.S.) configuration” via
 : “Your foreign policy credentials are probably unmatched on the republican side…” 
Graham: “We’re on the verge of empowering a radical regime with a nuclear capability…” WATCH via 
With my friend in New York today speaking out against the bad deal w/Iran  
[Graham]: “Republican presidential candidates aren’t talking enough about defense cuts that threaten national security” via
At the  rally in NYC w/ 
Talking with friend today at 6pm ET about the  defense spending and more
“I’ve been involved in South Carolina politics for 20 years…I wouldn’t be running if I didn’t think I could win here” 
“Graham said the defense cuts if left unchanged would affect military bases across South Carolina”Via 
Proud to be putting my name on the ballot for the  primary today in Columbia, SC!
On LIVE w/ tune into now!
Tune in to at 8am ET today, I will be on w/ ; talking national security, Iran ; 2016
See my remarks here:   
Growing up in a town of 1500, I understand challenges facing rural America. Comments on ag ; more  
 says road to the White House goes through rural America ; they're right. Watch my  
Thank you for sending bright students to  Watch here:    
Watch full video here:   
Unlike others, I understand how devastating these mandatory defense cuts are ; as POTUS I will keep our nation safe: 
 I love the "Instagraham" backdrop! Follow me:  
If you aren't willing to do whatever it takes to defeat ISIL there before they come here, you shouldn't be POTUS.
Lindsey Graham: Donald Trump’s Policies Really Don’t Work  via
If you don't think we need troops on the ground in Syria and Iraq, you don't understand ISIL. 
If you don't know that cuts to military spending cripple our ability to defend ourselves, you shouldn't be POTUS. 
Plan to "go over and take their oil" would lead to a boom in ISIL's recruiting. It would be a nightmare. 
You can't destroy ISIL by taking oil owned by Syrians ; Iraqis. You'll turn the Mideast against us. It doesn't work. 
"China: Change your behavior." Hear how I think currency manipulation should be addressed in US policy: 
Had a great time walking in the Gilford Old Home Parade this am! Heading to Hollis ; Manchester later today.  
Started the weekend off strong in Bedford ; Greenland today. Hope to see you in Gilford, Hollis ; Manchester tomorrow! 
Heading to Rep. Pam Tucker’s home for a house party at 6:30pm ET. Look forward to some great conversations ; a good time. 
LIVE from NH w/ on Tune in now! 
Talking w/ on today at 5:10pm ET LIVE from NH 
Back in NH today ; tomorrow. Ready to kick-off the weekend w/ a small business roundtable at 1pm ET at the Bedford Village Inn. 
Take the survey: 
What are the most critical issues facing our nation? I want to hear from YOU. Take the survey ; 
"Q1: Do you support the Iranian Nuclear Deal?" Answer this and 5 more short questions in our issues survey ; 
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims, their families, and   Absolutely heartbreaking.
I want to hear your views on the most critical issues facing our nation. 6 questions, 1 minute -- take the survey: 
“[Obama isn't] going to destroy ISIL. [Trump's plan] will turn everybody in [Mid East] against us, not destroy ISIL" 
"Graham criticized both [Obama's] ; [Trump’s] plan to combat the terrorist group ISIS, or ISIL." via 
Enjoyed walking in Pembroke Allenstown Parade ; meeting people in NH this weekend. This is politics at its best  
WATCH my interview w/ from the Pembroke ; Allenstown Parade this past weekend in NH:  
"[Graham] supports building the Keystone pipeline…sustainable energy sources like solar ; expanding nuclear energy…" via
Read article on my visit to Granite State Solar ; more about my views on energy independence: 
 interviews me LIVE on on right now.  Tune in! 
Joining on w/ today at 11:30am ET! Be sure to tune in
"[Graham] is a proponent of achieving energy independence ; pursuing an 'all of the above' approach to energy production"via
LIVE w/ Tom Tradup on be sure to tune in here : 
"If the sun can shine on it, the wind can blow it, or we can grow it, I’m for it in America." More on energy here:
On w/ Tom Tradup in 15 minutes, Mike I hope you have a speedy recovery and will certainly join you again once you’re back!
 "I'm not going to give IAEA one penny," says "I want to look over agreement with Iran."  
 "I want to be the president that gets us off the path of becoming Greece," says 
Great article from the on my campaign stop in Hancock  
Talking w/ today at 10:30am ET! Tune in here: 
Thanks for having me on Kilmeade and Friends ; to for joining the discussion on
On  "As president I would tell Iran, if you try to breakout, to sprint to a bomb, I will stop you." 
Speaking  with - "we are requiring ourselves [with this deal] to trust the most the people we should trust the least."
 "It's not between this deal and war.  It's between this deal and a better deal." 
"I think we have a full house and China has a pair of twos.  We just need to play our hand better." on with on
Talking national security, Chinese currency manipulation, ISIL ; Trump on w/ - Tune in NOW
Talking w/ on NOW!  Tune in here:
On "Everyone watching is a partner with the gov whether they like it or not.  I'd like to be a better partner for them."
On "Obamacare is a cloud over the economy"
Now LIVE on w/ on tune in! 
Going on on w/ this morning at 8:30am ET
Always good to see my friend 
LIVE on on tune in now! 
Joining this morning at 7:45am ET today! Be sure to tune in on 
"[Graham] impressed many who gathered there." via  
Graham: “It’s not about killing terrorists, it’s about building up others,” via 
We must stop them over there before they come over here.  
ISIL has no regard for life, past, present, or future. As president, I will do whatever it takes to destroy them. 
Thank you Newport for the warm welcome at Apple Pie Craft Fair:  
  tours Next Step Bionics and Prosthetics in    via
What a great stop at Next Step Bionics ; Prosthetics  in Manchester  
Stopping at Next Step Bionics ; Prosthetics this afternoon, looking forward to an informative tour 
Sen. Lindsey Graham campaigns at Apple Pie Craft Fair in Newport | New Hampshire   via 
Just arrived at Granite State Solar. Looking forward to hearing all about it! 
Chamberlain Machine Co has 50 employees ; like too many other small biz, it is struggling to deal w/Obamacare  
Wishing a speedy recovery!
Heading to tour Chamberlain Machine Company in Walpole, NH 
Chatting w/diners at Lindy's in Keene this morning  
 Sorry I missed you!  Come by Lindy’s Diner in Keene and say hello 
Starting the day off at Lindy’s Diner in Keene, NH.  You around?  Drop-by! 
Heading to the home of Charlie ; Mary Perry in Chesterfield tonight for a NH house party 
Just arrived in Hancock, NH for a meet and greet with the Hancock GOP! Looking forward to your questions 
En route to Henniker, NH for the Henniker Rotary Chili Festival! I hope to see you there 
Thanks for a great time  
Heading to in Hudson NH at 10:30am ET for some early morning target practice 
 thank you for an intelligent discuss this morning. God's blessing upon your vocation as a public servant 
Joining on this morning at 9:15am ET LIVE from Manchester NH 
LIVE now on w/ tune in here: 
Walking down Main Street in Newport now, stop by if you are in the area 
Heading to Newport, NH to check out the Apple Pie Crafts Fair 
Awesome parade, what a way to start the day in NH  
Starting another great day in New Hampshire at the Pembroke ; Allenstown Parade! I hope to see you out there 
Thank you to Lisa Withrow for having me at her home tonight! Ready for another great day in NH tomorrow  
United States Marines keeping the world safe on and off duty 
Talking to a great group of Granite State-ers at the Mahrajan Festivalhere in Manchester, NH  
 "Copy of Iran ‘side deal’ backs reports Tehran would have major role in nuke site inspections” 
"[If you're] looking for the candidate w/ the most foreign policy experience...look no further than Lindsey Graham." 
Great visit to in Manchester w/Mayor Gatsas  
"[Graham] is right to sound the alarm about the alleged agreement by IAEA to allow Iran to inspect its own sites." 
 Presidential candidate Sen Lindsey Graham meets with RSCC defense contractors in Manchester   via
"[Graham] repeated his promise to withhold [funding] to the agency until it provides Congress with the agreement." 
Heading to in Manchester, NH this afternoon for a look at some great American engineering! 
"The obvious problem: The IAEA will not be able to certify the results of its investigation…" via
This is making a bad deal a joke. Read OpEd on disturbing details of the side deal w/ Iran.  
Touring PROCON in Hooksett. We need to get government out of the way so companies can grow ; create new jobs  
Just wrapped up an interview w/Miss Teen NH Allie Nault about the nationaldebt. Thanks for the good questions!  
Touring PROCON construction this morning in Hooksett, NH. Looking forward to a great day in the Granite State 
  I’m going to withhold funding ; perpetuity to the  until I can look at this Iran side deal. 
LIVE from Manchester, NH on tune into now!  
 “the deal’s inspections include TAKING IRAN’S WORD about its previous weaponization work at its most crucial nuclear-weapons site”
 Editorial: the country [Iran] that lied for years about its nuclear weapons program will now be TRUSTED to come clean  
Read Editorial “Iran’s Secret Self-Inspections” to learn more about what I’ve been speaking out against. 
30 minutes out from appearing on tonight live from NH. Tune into  
Secret side deal with Iran like putting the inmates in charge of the jail  -- 
LIVE on w/ now! Tune in here:  
Going on tonight live from Manchester, New Hampshire! Tune into at 7:15pm ET 
Talking w/ on at 5:30pm ET today! Tune in here:  
"Report Confirms One of the GOP’s Worst Fears About Iran Nuclear Deal” Read it here: 
Graham "doubled-down on vow to block funding for IAEA until Congress gets access to so-called 'side deals' w/Iran"
My Statement on the IAEA ; Iran Side Deal Allowing Tehran To Inspect Its Own Sites  
 joins live at 5:35 today on  to talk about Iran, election and more! 
“Graham Slams Iran’s ’Side Deal with Inspection Agency”   
Full story from Graham blasts 'secret' Iran deal  
“What do you think they’re going to do with that money? Build highways? Build schoolhouses?” 
 Graham: "easing of monetary restrictions on Iran is less likely to help the Iranian people than terrorist organizations”
Story from details GOP response to reports that Tehran can use own nuke inspectors 
Parchin is the site that is specifically named in the secret side deal allowing Iran to do its own inspections 
Via ; there is evidence that Iran was “sanitizing its suspected nuclear military site at Parchin”
Via ; watch me discuss the bad deal with Iran  
3,500 ground troops is not enough. We need about 10,000. More via 
  Allowing Iranians to inspect their own nuclear sitesis like allowing inmates to run jail  
Great  event today. Let's make sure members of Congress know Americans do not support this  
I'm not going to ask the American taxpayer to fund an org that has a secret deal w/ Iran.  
On LIVE w/ tune in now!
 if you agree: We can't destroy ISIL without boots on the ground.  via
As president, I will negotiate a better deal w/Iran that will truly protect our nation ; the stability of the region. 
I will continue to fight to stop this bad deal, including by withholding money to the IAEA, if necessary.   
 
I will work to withhold IAEA funding if they don't share secret agreements made w/ Iran.   
Allowing the Iranians to inspect their own nuclear sites is like allowing the inmates to run the jail  
If Int'l Atomic Energy Agency won't share agreements made with Iran, I'll work to withhold US funding  
Talking to former Army JAG Officer and current President of Iowa WesleyanU Steve Titus  
Graham: 'I don't know how to destroy ISIL without boots on the ground'  via
Headed to the office in Ottumwa for a 12:30pm CT  discussion.  
Iowans want to talk about foreign policy ; destroying ISIL. Always impressed by how informed Iowa voters are about the issues. 
In Burlington, Iowa, I was asked if I could work with Assad.  Myresponse?  Never.  
Arriving soon at Iowa Wesleyan U for a meet and greet, come out and say hi if you’re in the area 
Here at the Broadway Café in Burlington, great way to start the day!  
Big day here in Iowa! First stop is in Burlington at the Broadway Café for some breakfast 
Looking forward to talking  today. Have you signed the petition yet? 
Graham Says More Soldiers to Iraq:  via
 Graham: 'I don't know how to destroy ISIL without boots on the ground'  
Great to see everyone at the meeting I hope to be back here soon 
Currently taking questions at the meeting  
When I'm POTUS, we’re going to pound ISIL into the ground, and we're not going to leave until the job’s done. 
It's great to be back in Linn County, headed to meet with the Country Central Committee today at 6:15pm CT 
Graham: Balancing budget means fixing spending  via
Graham: Stop Islamic terrorists or face ‘second 9/11’  via
Lindsey Graham: Donald Trump's proposals are 'gibberish' 
There's no way to balance the nat'l budget unless you go to where the money is being spent. via 
Trump has no idea what the world is actually like and is not qualified to be Commander in Chief. 
Thanks again for a great day yesterday! I highly recommend the pork chop on a stick:  
 Lindsey Graham's sister Darline buys butter cow earrings to commemorate visit 
LIVE on CNN from the 2015 Iowa State Fair  
As president, I will do what it takes to stop ISIL. That includes ground forces - the only way to truly destroy them. 
 Soapbox at 2015 Iowa State Fair  
 "Find me a Tip O 'Neill" tells Iowa voters he will be the Reagan willing to work together. 
  a poor young girl in Middle East will hurt radical Islam more than bombs
  visits wt Iowa Farm Bureau VP Joe Heinrich at the  .   
  introduced by his sister Darline at the  "Lindsey, you mean the world to me." 
There's no one I'd rather have introduce me. My sister Darline speaking at the  
I don't see anybody else on our side coming up with a robust plan that truly would destroy ISIL:  via
Sitting down w/ about a half hour before I take to the  
 National Guard folks working the booth here say Graham is the first candidate today to stop by. (Walker and Fiorina also…
 Here's presidential candidate Lindsey Graham visiting the National Guard booth. He's been at the fair since 9:30 
With my sister Darline ; what a great day at the  
ISIL will stop at nothing to recruit young people, including from the US. We must do whatever it takes to stop them. 
Had a great chat w/ fellow veteran ; former Iowa State Rep. Jodi Tymesonat the today  
Proud to have my sister Darline join me at the today  
Enjoyed meeting a great group of veterans at the today. Thank you for your service to our country 
ISIL has $2 billion in assets. If you don't think we need boots on the ground to defeat them, you're wrong. 
Great to meet up w/ Iowa Secretary of State at the today  
Chatting with Armed Services members here at the this morning  
Iowa friends, come out to the today. I'd love to meet you!    
LIVE now on w tune in to
Joining w/ live this morning on at 10:30am ET
Going on live w/ tomorrow morning on at 10:30am ET be sure to tune in!
Can't wait to see the butter sculptures, eat fair food, ; meet more Iowa voters on Monday!  
 Lindsey Graham returns to Linn County -   
Happy 80th birthday to Social Security. When I'm president, we'll have 80 more years.
We must take ISIL seriously. If we don't stop them over there, they will come here.  
"[Graham] warned that...he will work to strip the IAEA of U.S. funding." via 
 is coming to Minnesota. More details soon: 
LIVE on now! Tune-in for some  ;  talk 
If Int'l Atomic Energy Agency won't share agreements made with Iran, I will withhold US financing  
I'm not going to ask the American taxpayer to fund an org. that has a secret deal w/ Iranians not to be shared w/ us.
We give $88 million to the IAEA. I'm going to withhold that funding... until they give us the side agreement b/w the IAEA ; Iran. 
We must get serious about preventing a nuclear Iran.  
 SUNDAY: We’ll catch up with Sen. and get his take on Donald Trump, the latest twist in the Clinton emai…
ISIL is now using chemical weapons.  if you agree that  is a threat we need to take seriously. 
On LIVE now w/  tune in for some  talk and 2016 discussion 
Joining fellow vet today at 10am ET to talk about the bad  and much more 
LIVE on w/ now!
Talking to on today at 9am ET today. I think tuning in would be a great idea!
As President, I will prioritize securing our nation and keeping Americans safe.  
Please  to share this petition - help me tell members of Congress to reject the bad   
The 60-day  review period is nearly half gone. Have you signed our petition to REJECT it?  
The most critical issues facing our country today ; Graham sounds alarm on national security issues  via
LIVE w/ on tune in here now!  
 US Senator Lindsey Graham talks about his GOP presidential campaign at 12:30 on Straight Talk.  Hear it on WRHI.
Lots of interviews today! I am on w/ at 11am ET on to talk NH Primary and much more 
LIVE now on on tune in now!
Tune in to on at 10:30am ET today! I will be talking about the  ; 2016 race
LIVE on on w/ ; now!
Excited to go on on w/ ; live at 8:30am ET this morning
 Just Now: Sen on Iran plan "I don't want a war, but I don't want to give the Ayatollah this much mone…
LIVE on w/ talking about the 2016 race and much more, tune in here: 
ISIL and  continue to terrorize the world. They will not stop until we stop them. 
Another ISIL execution. As president, I will take the threat seriously and stop them there before they come here. 
As president, I will take action against growing threats to our nat'l security. The stakes are too high not to act. 
Email is great, but not for our president. Cyber attacks are too great a threat.  via
 air time will be Thursday August 13th at 1230pm 
Here's my interview w/ on in Rock Hill. Airs Thurs at 12:30pm. Enjoyed it! 
Sorry about that - this is with my other interview this morning Thanks for having me! 
Clock is ticking for Congress to review  Join me in rejecting it:   
Those reluctant to call for boots on the ground… are not prepared to be Commander-in-Chief. 
Read my full statement on the necessity of ground forces in the fight against ISIL here: 
The fight against radical Islamic terrorism is a regional problem, which must be addressed on all fronts.
Gov Bush understands we need to do more to destroy ISIL, woefully inadequate when it comes to ground component needed 
The goal of degrading ; destroying ISIL will never be achieved w/ the current Obama-Clinton 'strategy.' 
Taping a segment w/ on in Charlotte this morning, stay tuned for air time. 
  getting ready to do one-on-one interview with  
 Look forward to seeing at the Mayflower at noon tomorrow. Info ; RSVP: 
From currency manipulation to cyber attacks, seems unwilling to stand up to the Chinese.  As POTUS, that’s exactly what I’ll do
I have been at the forefront of the fight against Chinese currency manipulation and a vocal advocate for making  play by the rules
Today's provocative act by the Chinese government to lower the value of the yuan is just the latest in a long history of cheating 
ISIL reportedly planning attacks in London. If we don't stop them, they'll come here next. 
If we don't stop ISIL there, they will come here. I will do whatever it takes, as long as it takes, to defeat them. 
ICYMI, more about my  tour stop Greenville: 
Honored to have these strong military ; national security leaders on my SC National Security Coalition.  
 "If you want a better deal with Iran, you need a new President." 
  speaking in Periscope right now. 
 introducing his National Security Coalition. Our nation needs a Commander in Chief on Day 1. 
On foreign policy, “It’s not enough to criticize Obama. You’ve got to have a plan of your own.” 
I will be on Washington Watch w/ at 5:30pm ET TODAY be sure to tune in here: 
Good to see a lot of familiar faces here at Besto in Anderson!  
Stopping at Besto in Anderson for some ice cream in a few minutes. Be sure to stop in and say hi if you’re in the area 
Watch  town hall meeting live stream courtesy of 
 Iran deal is "most important political decision in my lifetime" says
LIVE on w/ now from Greenville, South Carolina 
Heading to my first  town hall in South Carolina, come and join us if you are in the Greenville area at 2:00pm! 
Good to be home!  
It’s a beautiful morning in South Carolina. First stop today is in Seneca for coffee w/ the Oconee County GOP! 
Tomorrow,  continues in South Carolina: 
Life was good. Then it wasn't. And I never took anything for granted again. Read my free eBook  
I lost my parents in my early 20s, then raised my teen sister. See how this experience helped make me  
I'm  on Day One. Watch to learn about my life, growing up behind my parents' liquor store: 
 enough already. 
 comments are not worthy of the office he is seeking nor consistent w/the leadership we should expect from POTUS
 - it is better to risk losing w/out than trying to win w/him
I applaud Erick Erickson ; for doing the right thing when they disinvited
 unrelenting ; offensive comments about puts the at a crossroads w/Mr. Trump
After 42 years of serving the Clemson/Pendleton communities Dr. Herb Cooper is retiring. Thank you for your service! 
 Just Now: Sen on Hillary "It's easier to talk to the leader of North Korea than it is Hillary Clinton"
 Just Now: Sen on debate "I didn't hear one person say what they would do about ISIL"
 Just Now: Sen on debate "I tried to make a common sense but forceful case"
 Just Now: Sen on iran deal "I'm gonna be on the floor of the senate, talking about why this is a big …
 Watch Roske on Politics this Sunday on with and 
I'm sure Jon Stewart will be missed...by somebody. Thx   
 please make sure you win this thing sir. We're right behind you
 Appreciate your dignified, honest answers today. Feel you are the only GOP candidate willing to cross …
Video from I talk  ; breaking news about  
 from a pub at 7:30am.  My kind of interview. 
About to go LIVE on morningjoe from Flannery's Pub in Cleveland.  Tune in NOW!    
Going on today at 7:20am ET  to talk  and much more on w/ and
"[Graham] Is ‘Ready To Be Commander-In-Chief On Day One,’" via   
 “There is no one who knows and understands national security questions better than Lindsey.” 
Former NH RNC committeeman Tom Rath: “[Graham's] foreign policy chops will not go unnoticed in this field” via 
“[Graham’s] Had Vladmir Putin’s Number Since The Bush Administration” via  
“Graham Has The Character To Carry Through On A Policy Of Victory In The War.” via   
“Colleagues say he's got an unparalleled depth of experience on foreign policy…" via  
“Widely Respected For His Principles And His Foreign Policy Acumen.” via  
“Graham Stands Relatively Alone In Clearly Presenting A Foreign Policy Vision.” via 
“When It Comes To Foreign Policy Credentials, He’s Got His Competitors Beat.” via 
 got more mentions than in early states of New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada.  
 Graham: "If you want to beat Hillary Clinton, put somebody in the ring who is better to be CIC than she is." 
 if we don't stop the terrorist over there, they will come over here. America has to be a part of a re…
  "There are no moderates in Iran."
“We need somebody who is ready to be Commander-in-Chief on day one."   
 strong talking about war on Arab women.  
My strategy against ISIL is simple.   
 "I'll be the Ronald Reagan if I can find a Tip O'Neill..." Line of the night
 "The only way we're going to defund  is to elect a  president" - 
"We have gutted our ability to prevent the next attack, and I will not stand for that as President of the United States." 
 Lindsey Graham said he could show “Flat Broke” because he lived it. took you there: 
 Say what you want is on point today. Loving his commentary on entitlements. 
"Do we all agree that ISIL is not the JV team?"    
 Agree with -- "Americans are dying to work"
 represents the third term of this presidency.  
Hillary, I'll show you flat broke.   
My agenda on achieving energy independence: 
"If you don't understand that we need more ground forces in Iraq, then you're not ready to be Commander in Chief."  
"The choice between a healthy environment and a strong economy is a false choice."   
 Graham: If running you're for potus ; don’t understand need more American ground forces in Iraq…then ur not ready to be co…
Donald Trump may be dominating Facebook conversation, but that doesn't mean he's   
"If we don't stop [terrorists] over there, they're coming here."  
"I am tired of selling $300 billion overseas to buy oil from people who hate our guts."   
My strategy against ISIL is simple.   
  on climate change: "When I get onstage with be debating solutions." 
 Graham on HRC: "In her world, cap and trade will dominate ... In my world, we are going to find more here but use less."
  just owned his climate change stance. Brave is one word for it.
 Wishing the best of luck at the  
15 minutes to the  on 
What's my pre- ritual? Watch and find out. 
You'll need this guide today at 5PM.  
The  begins at 5pm ET on  
 This veiled attack on military service has a big flaw:  
 Honestly feel like 5:00 debate will be most entertaining.
  celebrates after recording a spot in the  lounge ahead of the  in Cleveland. 
🎧   
 The Lindsey Graham campaign has tagged the 5pm debate the 
 Audio/transcript of on POTUS, debates, PP and govt shutdown: 
"Lindsey Graham...arguably the candidate who packed the most punch." via  
Tune into NOW to hear some  talk as well as my thoughts on the  
Watch tomorrow at 5pm ET!  
ICYMI: fact checks on my military record. 
Real debate about real issues. Tune in at 5pm ET on tomorrow.  

Clearly, President Obama does not understand the Middle East and has made one blunder after another. 
Instead, POTUS  empowers Iran with pathway to bomb, missiles to deliver it, money to pay for it, and means to a military arsenal.
The alternative to  was never war; it was greater pressure on Iran and insistence on a better agreement.
No one believes that diplomacy = weakness. We object to POTUS belief that diplomacy doesn't need to be backed up w/ credible force 
The American people are not buying what President Obama is selling. 
Tomorrow during the  at 5pm, we'll talk real issues like preventing a nuclear Iran. 
"Sen. Lindsey Graham earned one of the warmest receptions and generated the most laughter in the room."  
After 20 years, I'm fluent in  Let me translate for you... 
 We need your humor as well as your policies in the White House!!!  Feels like America's almost back!!!
 Lindsey Graham is probably my favorite 2016 candidate. 
 - Thursday 5pm. Be there! 
"I'm running as somebody who's ready to be Commander-in-Chief on Day One." via 
 video: I discuss America's 3 big problems: too many terrorists, too much debt, too few jobs. 
 
I've been translating  for 20 years. 
 video: I discuss China, Putin, Iran, and  
Checkout highlights from last night’s  forum! 
ICYMI: Watch last night's  forum: 
 "I'm fluent in Clinton speak", at   Nice.
  Since coined  term interview. ICYMI  
 has been the most impressive candidate on the stage tonight 
Tune into the  at 5pm Thursday. 
Thank you  - great questions and great event. Watch  on Thursday for more!
 impressed @ your talk 
  mentions more than other candidate and is getting the most laughs of the night.
  on what he thinks might unite   
  at  is immensely likable and immensely qualified.
  Lindsey Graham for President!
 just saw your performance you gained a supporter your right God Bless you for working to help America
"I will do whatever it takes to save this country." 
  Graham was the star w in depth foreign policy comments. Moderator was excellent. Pro…
"Too many terrorists. Too much debt. Too few jobs. Put  in a box and nail it shut." 
  stumbles when starting  pitch — but saves it with, "The next president needs to have thei…
 "well when he's right, he's right" - says of saying he's candidate with most FP experience
"President Obama was told by all of his advisors to help the Free Syrian Army. He said no thank you." 
"You have a weak President more worried about campaign promises than about threats to our country." 
  at  Forum.  Watch the complete  Forum here: 
 I'm quickly becoming biggest fan. 
 it is a great forum so far. Kudos to he's been recognized by two of the other candidates!
 On HRC: "When Bill says he didnt have sex with that woman he did/she says 'trust me you have all emails you need' we don't" …
 Video:  Lindsey Graham on Hillary Clinton 
 Lindsey Graham sounded great hitting the Clintons.
 First to strike at Clinton is who says after he's "fluent in Clinton speak," pokes at Bill, dings HRC's fore…
  on need to "reinvigorate" fight vs. ISIS: "Lindsey Graham was right: This is a war against western civilization."
Anyone else fluent in  Hint: They usually mean the opposite of what they say. 
 "I"ve been dealing with (the Clintons) for 20 yrs ; can translate. When he sd, "I did not have sex w that woman, he did."
 "I'm fluent in Clinton-speak." - is the first one to go after 
  on terrorism: Whatever it takes, as long as it takes, to defeat you.   
"The only way we'll prevent an attack on this country is to hit them before they come here." 
 says he will do "whatever it takes, as long as it takes" to defeat radical Islam at  
 "We’ve been walked all over, I’m tired of it"//How could you get away from the negotiating table? W/a crowbar"
"To  here's my policy: Whatever it takes as long as it takes to defeat you." 
"When I'm President, we're going to push back against China." 
 has begun! Tune into the forum on 
  Forum Speaking Order - LIVE at 7pm ET on C-SPAN   
My statement on today’s vote to defund Planned Parenthood: 
 Very proud to see military leaders commend service, incl Gens David Petraeus, John Allen ; more: 
Tune-in at 7pm ET for the first ever  Forum on or WATCH here:  
  Forum Stage is set. WATCH LIVE coverage starting at 6:30pm ET on C-SPAN  
Check out my joint interview w/ from this weekend in New Hampshire via  
 Excellent piece on this wknd in NH: "What Lindsey Graham Has in Common With Vikki Carr" 
 Just spoke to Lindsey Graham ahead of tonight's GOP forum. Not pictured: Me in gym clothes before my morning run. 
Everyone has a story. If you'd like to know mine, you can read it in my free e-book. 
Kerry is a really decent guy, but he's dangerously naïve about this   
Pls help me urge members of Congress to vote no on  so we can give next POTUS leverage for a better one. 
Thank you for co-writing this pro-life response to the awful Planned Parenthood videos. 
 
House party at the home of and tonight in Bedford  
 Q;A time: ; holding court in NH, Manchester. 
Great questions and conversations at the Manchester Town Hall Meeting today. Thanks for having us! 
  makes first campaign swing for in Manchester, NH. 
 NOW: to be joined by at rally in Manchester.   
Our Manchester town hall meeting is underway  senjohnmccain 
ICYMI: My pro-life op-ed with   via
 Nice to stop by Gold House Pizza in Littleton - a great NH family business  
 what an honor meeting you today!! 
We're on our way to Manchester for a Town Hall Meeting at 3:30pm ET with 
My old friend senjohnmccain is on the campaign trail with me in New Hampshire today  @ Gold's… 
Thanking our vets for their service at a VFW Picnic in Littleton, NH  cc: 
 Glad to be back in New Hampshire with my friend  
  
Walking around Main Street in Littleton, NH with my good friend  
John Kerry is a really decent guy, but he just doesn't get how dangerous this deal will be.  
Iran has toppled 4 Arab govts, provided IEDs that killed Americans, ; worked to destroy Israel.  
I love getting to know voters. Some say they'd like to know me better too. My ebook is a good place to start: 
Sat down w/ before the  town hall, you can catch the interview on next Sunday 
Kicking off today's  Town Hall Meeting in Des Moines  
 
Couple hrs away from  tour stop in West Des Moines. Stop by or sign the petition to stop this  
LIVE w/ on tune-in here:  
Back in Des Moines this am w/Jan Mickelson talking cell phones, Trump, ; Iran  cc: 
It's clear that this deal was poorly negotiated by a weak Commander in Chief.  
Come join our  town hall TODAY ; help us stop Obama’s  
Tune into on at 8:20am et to hear preview a big Saturday of campaigning in New Hampshire! 
 Joining WGIR  Today radio to preview my visit w/ this wkend - listen: 
John Kerry is a nice guy, but he's dangerously naïve about the   
Talking  ;  w/ today at 7:20pm ET
 Just recorded podcast with at  2015 w/ co-host for 
The  tour will be in West Des Moines tomorrow at 1:30 CT Drop by ; help stop this  
 ; its a wrap folks Prez candidate spent 1hr w/ in  
Late-term abortion: Recovering our humanity. My op-ed with   via
Very few countries permit elective abortion after 20 wks - we should get out of that club. Read my pro-life op-ed: 
Why are we allowing Iran to develop missiles when strongly cautioned against it? This is a  
Joining the TODAY at 11:30am ET re: yesterday's Iran hearing. 
 Stay tuned here on we will have at 10:45  
I asked Defense Sec Carter if the Iranian leader will attack America. His response? "IDK." Well, I do know. He will. 
Several reasons the  is bad for America explained in this article via  
I will vote to  Read more of my pro-life stance in my op-ed with  
Why would we agree to lift sanctions &gt;$100B w/o requiring Iran to stop its aggressive behavior?  
My response to the vile  videos:  via Thanks for co-authoring
5 of many reasons that this is a  and Congress must reject it.   
  No matter which hashtag you use, let's agree the  must be rejected.  
Last month I reintroduced legislation to outlaw abortions after 20 weeks. Here are a few reasons why: 
This deal is much worse than I could have imagined it would be. A few reasons why:  
 Miss yesterday's NH Primary Series event with Sen. Check out these photos: 
The  tour stops next in  Read more via  
LIVE w/ on discussing the bad deal w/ Iran. Tune-in NOW. 
 if you agree.  
Congress has 51 days to review ; vote on  I'm urging them to reject it. Will you help me?
 friends: I'll be in  on Friday to talk  and why Congress must reject it.  
Mind if we come by in three weeks?   
 Aid to educate  girls critical to all-of-above approach to defeat   via
I will do whatever it takes, as long as it takes to defeat  Includes investing in good people who want to live w/ us in peace.
 A schoolhouse in Mideast does more damage to Taliban than a bomb. You just don’t get it.  via
Next stop on the  tour will be West Des Moines. Let's urge members of Congress to reject this deal.  
America, you're right: Congress must reject this bad  
Please  to spread truth about this terrible    
Waiting to take off listening to a little Motown on my new iPhone. 
 Don’t you hate when that happens… 
 Sen. speaks at today's second installment of the Chamber's NH Primary Series at The Halligan Tavern: 
"In  we've given them a bomb, a missile to deliver it, and money to pay for it."  via
Quick interview with at Halligan Tavern in Derry, NH  
Full video from - I discuss  and why Congress must reject it. 
"I'm the best person to lead this country, to defend this nation in times of great peril."  via
Sen. Lindsey Graham’s big announcement: I got an iPhone  via
Turn on this morning to see me on 
Important story from on why and nat'l media should open debates to all candidates.  
Via Sen. Graham doesn't want a popularity contest to trump issues, limit debate.  
Shot a few basketballs at the North Haverhill Fair.  Need some practice  
Great day, fair food ; good people. Thanks for the warm welcome North Haverhill.  
Headed to Sugar Hill for a Grafton County Dinner at 4:30pm ET. Keep the good food ; good conversations coming. 
Ready for a stroll down Main Street w/ Rep. Brad Bailey in Littleton at 3:30pm ET 
I'm going to be on tomorrow morning. Watch me talk  Donald Trump, ; more. 
Excited for my trip to the  Hope to see you at the Horse Pull at 2pm ET. 
Please join us in saying NO to this    
 Amigos getting back together in NH 
Met some great people walking around the steer fair in Lancaster, NH  
What a great place to stay in the North country! Next time you're in Sugar Hill stop  
Next week will continue  tour. Please sign our petition to show that you think this is a  
Clock is ticking for Congress to vote on  We must urge them to REJECT it. Pls : 
 ; I urge Congress to reject    
If you agree with me and our Facebook friend Lisa, please sign our petition:   
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families of the tragedy in Lafayette, Louisiana. 
Appreciate it, Tyler.  
via Lindsey Graham proposed that just say no to debate criteria that only test celebrity ; name ID. 
We can urge RNC not to sanction debates that reward celebrities ; nat'l ad $$.  
Thank you!    
Thank you supporters who used my phone # to share kind words!   
Thank goodness 'The Donald' wasn't captured.  
Via On a serious note, Graham said he hasn't enjoyed rebutting Trump's remarks, phone notwithstanding 
 tells whole story from Trump's disrespectful comments to my phone-smash video and back to the issues 
Excluding candidates from debates via nat'l polling threatens to nationalize presidential primary process.  
Excluding candidates based on nat'l polls rewards name recognition for celebrities or $ for national ads.  
Thank you for your service (and your support)! 
Actually...I figured the day would soon come when I'd have to part with my flip phone. Video from a few wks ago: 
 How prescient: "There will come a day when I’m going to have to get a new phone." 
 After gave out his number, releases video on how to destroy your cellphone. 
Using premature poll to exclude aspirants from debate 15 mos before the election shortchanges all voters  
 After gave out his number, set a cell phone on fire  
  on new swing state polls: 'I really believe we can win in 2016...Hillary is the 3rd term of a failed p…
   
Thank you! 
 Clairvoyant candidate? predicted his flip phone's demise weeks ago during our 16 And President shoot htt…
I'll be all set soon - but would you consider donating a phone + plan to a veteran instead? 
 A meat cleaver, a blender, a golf club and lighter fluid: Sen. Lindsey Graham used them all to destroy a cellphone 
Option 9: Give your phone number to The Donald.  
Option 8: Put it in a toaster ; cook it w/ some Bagel Bites.  
  "Donald Trump  has been able to do something my staff could not do for years: get me a new phone. So thanks D…
  Trump "now would you want to give him the nuclear codes? ...maybe he'd put 'em on the Internet" 
Option 7: Find a tall building. Chuck it off of that tall building. 
Option 6: Go old school ; smash it w/ a brick.  
Option 5: Take a Babe Ruth hack at it ; let it fly.  
Option 4: Mix w/ lighter fluid ; watch it burn. Removing the battery isn’t a bad idea either.  
Option 3: Tee it up like you’re on a par 5.   
Option 2: Mix with water ; Red Bull in a blender. Turn on blender. (Water ; Red Bull optional)  
Option 1: Strike it with a meat cleaver.  
 Rest in peace, Verizon Samsung flip phone 
Have you signed the  petition? Help me urge members of Congress to vote against this  
 almost 
 This is why hasn't been answering my calls! 
It was time for an upgrade anyway. 
Graham launches ‘No Nukes for Iran' tour  via
Read more on  tour and why I'm focused on getting members of Congress to reject this  
If members of Congress vote no to this  we give the next POTUS leverage for a better one. Sign the petition: 
 on  tour launch: 
This is a  negotiated by a weak Commander-in-Chief. The next POTUS will have a mess on their hands. 
Please   We must urge members of Congress to vote against this   
Read coverage of the  tour: 
 Current  doesn't allow anytime, anywhere inspections. REJECT this  
 Give me a call sometime, I’m happy to share my thoughts as a former POW ; 29 yr AF vet 202-225-4201 htt…
Lindsey Graham and Friends Join to Denounce Iran Deal  via 
Probably getting a new phone. iPhone or Android?
  joins and me to weigh in on  
 "To the American people: this is a bad deal, it’s going to lead to a nuclear arms race.” --  GOP candidate
 Lindsey Graham on CBS: "I hope there's not much of a market for slandering POWs in our party." 
 Presidential candidate joins us at the table, coming up on
Thanks nypd for everything you do!  
 
I believe we can get the votes needed to reject this deal. Sign petition to tell members of Congress  
With a strong American President, we can get a better deal. Don't let this deal pass Congress.  nonukesforiran.us
 John McCain: Lindsey Graham fully qualified to be commander in chief
Launching  Tour in NYC today with and 
 WATCH LIVE: Lindsey Graham kicks off tour opposing Iran nuclear deal 
 So excited for the new launch of today - my guests are , , …
Sign our petition. Help me urge members of Congress to reject this    
This terrible  guarantees a nuclear Iran. ; I will launch my  Tour TODAY in NYC
I look forward to a full ; complete debate in the coming weeks. 
Congress isn't bound by today's UN decision. 
It is further evidence of a weak POTUS trying to sell a bad deal. 
Taking it to the UN before Congress reviews it is an affront to the American people. 
Iranian deal may be good enough for the UN, but it's a terrible deal for the US. 
Thank you Iowa for the warm welcome at  Video of my remarks:  
 ; will join me for a town hall meeting TODAY to discuss the bad  ; launch my  Tour
Always good to be back in the Hawkeye State – will be back soon! 
 Sustained, loud applause for Lindsey Graham as he criticizes Hillary Clinton on the Benghazi attack.
  says he'd ask about Benghazi and the crowd jumps to its feet. 
  says as president he would "set this deal  aside" because  is a "crazy deal."
  responds to "He crossed the line today."  
Thank you Michael. Enjoyed meeting the good people of Ames.   
  got huge applause from  audience with pro-military, hawkish comments
 Re: Trump-McCain "Good people of Iowa, NH and SC will say to You're fired!" 
  says he will never compromise on national security.That's the issue he will go to the wall on. 
Will be talking at the 4th Annual Family Leader Summit in Ames starting at 4:39pm CT  
It was great to meet with our veterans and proponents of a strong national defense in Knoxville.   
At the heart of statement is a lack of respect for those who have served - a disqualifying characteristic to be president
If there was ever any doubt that he should not be  standard bearer, his growing mountain of stupid statements should end all doubt.
If there was ever any doubt that should not be our commander in chief, this stupid statement should end all doubt.
 like every other POW, went through hell ; has earned our respect ; gratitude
Meet ; greet at Knoxville VFW at 1:30pm CT. Don’t miss it! 
Great conversation at Elly’s.  Discussing rising threats posed by radical Islam and the bad   
Headed to Elly’s Tea ; Coffee in Muscatine for a meet ; greet ; some coffee at 9am CT 
Another great day here in Iowa! Looking forward to stops tomorrow in Muscatine, Knoxville ; Ames 
Wonderful discussion at the Scott County GOP HQ about how we win in 2016! Thanks for having me Davenport!  
Good conversation and great people at the Clinton County Republican HQ  
Last stop of the day: Town hall meeting at Scott County Republican HQ in Davenport at 7pm CT! 
Meet ; greet at the Clinton County Republican HQ in Clinton at 4pm CT 
Great conversation at Americans for Peace, Prosperity, and Security Forum. Thanks for having me  
At "I don't think Donald Trump would be a good Commander-in-Chief.  I believe I would be."  
Enjoyed sitting down w/ in IA City this morning.  
Spoke w/ of about my concerns w/ the   
The early state process - where voters meet candidates face to face - works! Don't use natl poll   
Will be at the Forum in Cedar Rapids at 12pm CT to discuss national security ; this bad  
Thanks for coming out to the meet ; greet this morning Iowa City  
First stop this morning is the Midtown 2 Family Restaurant at 9:30am CT in Iowa City. Hope to see you there! 
Let the early state process do its job as it has for years. Not nat'l polls.  
 ; national media - don't limit voters. Open the debates to all qualified candidates. Petition:  
Hey and national media - it’s  Give all the candidates a chance to debate! 
As Republican voters, it's  Let's hear from ALL qualified candidates:  Please  to spread the word
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the four Marines who were killed in today’s horrific attack.
 Voters deserve to hear from all qualified candidates, not who network execs pick to be onstage:  
Please : Don't let ; national media exclude qualified candidates with important voices from debate!  
 Senator and presidential candidate Lindsey Graham chats with Stratham select brd chair Tim Copeland 
 Sen. Lindsey Graham tours the  Fair w/ Doug Scamman.   
 Presidential hopeful Lindsey Graham at the Stratham Fair. "This is America at her best right here." 
 said it best: as long as you agree there's too much debt ; too many terrorists, there [should be] room…
Heading to the Stratham Fair at 1pm ET. Hope to see folks there! 
At Macy Industries in New Hampshire discussing everything from  to job creation  
Graham: “The NH, IA, SC primaries have never been in more jeopardy than they are today,” 
First stop of the morning: Tour of Macy Industries at 10am ET in Hooksett! 
Love being back in New Hampshire!  Stops in Hooksett ; Stratham today. 
  to My preferred alternative to  -- not to lift the UN weapons embargo. 
 Confused about the Iran nuclear deal? Seth’s interview with can help:  
NOW LIVE from NH on w/ Talking 
Joining on LIVE from NH at 7pm ET to discuss 
  touts importance of early states ; fitn primary during news conference at Manchester City Hall. 
 Tune in to SiriusXM Chan. 124 right now for my interview with - Iran, Cuba, 2016, ; my nomination as Secretary …
Thanks for having me on! 
 "A fantasy is to believe this deal will not lead to a nuclear arms race."  
  on TODAY: Iran deal like throwing 'a can of gasoline' on a fire  
Tune-In NOW to on talking w/ ;
Having my morning coffee on the set of Don't miss my interview discussing  at… 
Joining ; on the this morning at 7am ET on 
Don't miss Late Night with Seth Meyers tonight! cc: 
 thank you for having me today. Hope I can stop by again soon! 
   has created Mideast nuclear arms race  |  
 is splashing  ; in the face with humble pie 4 not including all candidates in deba…
I'm one of the best voices on how to defend this country. National polling is testing name ID, not quality of the voices.
Graham: This is the most dangerous, irresponsible step I have seen in the history of watching the Mideast 
 Republican candidates express strong opposition to the Iran nuclear deal  
"Secure our border, control visa system, control who gets a job, and create a plan for 11M already here - on our terms."
As President, I wouldn't lift sanctions until Iran proves they're a more responsible member of the  
 I agree w/ 100% about this bad Iran deal.  God Bless You!   is lucky to have th…
"This will be a death sentence for the state of Israel." 
"Obama's last act is to create a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. Well done, Obama." 
 After President Obama announced a deal w/ Iran, Lindsey Graham--not the other GOP prez contenders--was the go-to source fo…
 GOP candidate says Iran deal is “akin to declaring war on Israel”  
"The goal was to dismantle Iran's nuclear program. We've now locked in place an industrial-sized nuclear program."
One minute until I'm LIVE on Tune into for talk about  ISIL ; much more 
Excited to join and on TODAY at noon ET on
  "This is the death sentence of Israel and ensures nuclear bombs in Iran; this is a lousy deal."
Graham:"It’s incredibly dangerous for our national security ; it’s akin to declaring war on Sunni Arabs ; Israel” via 
LIVE with right now.  Listen in to hear what I have to say about the 
Graham: “My initial impression is this deal is far worse than I ever dreamed it could be.” Via 
 Poll finds majority of Americans do not trust Iran to stick to deal  | Getty 
   is a "death sentence for the state of Israel"  
LIVE with on continuing to talk about the bad  Don't miss it! 
HAPPENING NOW: LIVE on talking  
  on  This is a terrible deal, I really fear that we set in motion a decade of chaos 
  joins us at 8:15am/et, what questions do you have for the presidential candidate?
Going to react to  on   and this morning.  Tune in!
 Tomorrow at 7AMWe will be joined by South Carolina senator ; presidential candidate on h…
  on Obama talks w/ Iran: "If they sign this deal, they are going to ensure that Iran becomes a nuclear power.…
LIVE w/ on Tune-in NOW to or listen here: 
Joining on TODAY at 7:05pm ET. Listen LIVE here: 
It wasn't 3am, but where were you when the phone rang about the attacks in Benghazi? 
Yes! Israel is one of our staunchest allies and closest friends. 
As President, I will promote, protect, and support our critical relationship with Israel. 
 "Times will be dangerous as long as is President."  
Standing ovation conference!  Thank you for having me!   
"There will never be a two state solution where Hamas is part of the process" 
 10th Annual Conference speaking about Iran, defeating ISIL ; protecting Israel  
"We are going to live in a very dangerous time as long as Barack Obama is president." 
  says interim Iran deal is better than bad deal, anyone but would do better than 
CNN: Lindsey Graham's aggressive plan for Iran 
Honored to be in the presence of heroes this morning.  
2nd Annual No Greater Sacrifice Golf Tournament supporting wounded warriors ; their families cc: 
Visiting Robie’s Country Store in Hoookset, NH  
Final stop in New Hampshire this weekend is Robie’s Country Store in Hooksett at 11am 
Good eggs, coffee, ; conversation this Sunday morning in NH.  Thanks Rockingham Cafe!   
Joining on to discuss the Iran negotiations ; 2016. Tune-in NOW! 
Headed to the Rockingham Café in Salem at 9am for a drop-by. Come have some breakfast w/us! 
 Coming up this morning on  weighs in on Iran negotiations, Trump, and 2016- watch at 9a ET! 
Another great day here in New Hampshire. Stops in Salem ; Hooksett tomorrow! 
On my way to a house party hosted at 6:30pm in Moultonborough 
 thanks for some good company ; great wine. "Dedicated to the American Dream"  
Had a blast seeing everything the Balloon Festival had to offer.  Thanks Hillsborough!  
Headed to the in Amherst at 4pm 
Off to the Hillsborough Balloon Festival at 2:30pm! 
Lindsey Graham: Obama Will Never Strike a Satisfactory Iran Nuclear Talks Deal  via
Great to see folks at the Bedford dump this morning!  
Headed to Windham for a Town Hall meeting at 10:30am. Hope you can make it! 
Busy day here in NH! First stop, a New Hampshire tradition, visiting the Bedford Dump. 
Thank you, Jimmy. Everyone can download my free eBook here:  
What a way to spend an afternoon in NH! Looking forward to stops in Bedford, Windham, Hillsborough, Amherst ; Moultonborough tomorrow.
I'm the first 2016 candidate to lay out a comprehensive plan for foreign policy. Watch here: 
Heading to Goffstown, New Boston ; Mont Vernon GOP Meet ; Greet in Goffstown! Odd Fellows Hall at 6:30pm. 
Great day talking national security in  ICYMI here's an overview of my FP agenda  
Had a great time playing pool ; getting to meet some of you folks. Thanks for having me!  
He put up a good fight but my winning streak is intact  
 in Manchester, NH getting ready to shoot some pool  
ICYMI: My plan to defeat ISIL and Radical Islam, re-establish stability in the Middle East, and secure our nation. 
Up next: Shooting some pool at in Manchester at 4:00pm! 
Not bad  
Please : America needs to get back to a leadership position around the world. Here's how I plan to do it. 
In NH today! On my way to tour Insight Technology at 2pm. Stops in Manchester ; Goffstown later this afternoon. 
  gave detailed blueprint for troops in Middle East at our event:  htt…
LIVE w/ ; on Tune-in NOW!
Talking w/ ; on LIVE from NH at 11am ET on 
Joining LIVE from Manchester, NH NOW on 
Going on this morning at 10:30am ET. Be sure to tune-in to
Thank you! 
A day-in-the-life on the campaign trail, mixed with a little bit of Kevin Costner.  
Thanks Julie! 
Thank you Jimmy. Hope you are well. 
My comprehensive foreign policy plan is practical approach to strengthening America, as I told this activist. VIDEO: 
From defeating  to taking a tough stance on  read my full national security agenda: 
 Glad to see giving a robust defense of  in his speech this morning. 
Thank you to for hosting me yesterday. Watch video of my comprehensive foreign policy plan: 
Thank you, friends! 
I put her down as undecided. 
 Sen. Lindsey Graham: My foreign policy path is tough but necessary 
"I'm ready to be Commander in Chief on Day One." ICYMI, watch the entire speech here:  
 Say what you want about FP, but he leaves no doubt about where he stands. Most detailed proposals of an…
 Sen. giving very direct and specific answers to questions on foreign policy at  speech.
"American needs to stand up for who we are and what we believe, or we will pay a heavy price." 
  need to come up with a way to undercut Putin's monopoly on natural gas, arm the Ukrainian ppl ; up …
This plan is "not because I like war. Because we need to defend our nation." 
Primary job of President is Commander in Chief, but "we spend precious little time talking about it."-- 
  asks: why 10,000 troops for Syria? Sen. need large force along w/ regoinal allies, spec…
 At America's Role in World, makes case for sustained US military presence in Afghanistan  h…
 U.S. should send ground troops into Syria, with US regional allies and partners --  
 "It’s a roaring hot fire today, radical Islam. My goal is to make it an ember." -
"To the young people, to the women, to the disenfranchised: I adopt your cause. Because if you fail, we fail." 
"Educating a young girl would do more damage than any bomb we could drop." 
"Whatever it takes, as long as it takes, to defeat radical Islam." 
"I want a deal with Iran, but it must be a good deal." 
 Senator : 10,000 U.S. troops in Iraq to fight ISIS and "neutralize Iranian influence" 
"The Iranian regime is not moderate. The young people in Iran, we can do business with." 
  at "Assad will be in power after Obama leaves" 
"As we confront dictators, the worst thing you can do is draw a red line. They cross it, and nothing happens." 
"Young people, women, and the disenfranchised will not live under dictators for our convenience." 
 Foundation of Sen. foreign policy: superior capability, overwhelming capacity, determined will 
  "When it comes to foreign policy, Lindsey Graham offers a very different and clearer path"
"Simply put, President Obama's foreign policy has been a disaster." More LIVE:  
 Happening now: Sen. Lindsey Graham speaks to The Atlantic Council 
Tune in now - I'm streaming LIVE at  
Watch LIVE in 5 min: the first comprehensive foreign policy plan from any 2016 candidate.  
Coming up: my strategy to prevent a nuclear Iran, confront ISIL, and re-establish stability in the Middle East: 
"I am running to be President to put an end to the Obama-Clinton doctrine." More LIVE in 20 minutes: 
 At 10am: Sen. on US role in the world w/ WATCH:   
Watch tomorrow as I present my approach for putting America back in a global leadership position:  
Radical Islam Is 'Running Wild', Says Sen. Lindsey Graham  via
Going on on TODAY at 4pm EST to discuss national security ; the threat of ISIL.  Be sure to tune in!
Please  to spread the word. Sen. Lindsey Graham on “America’s Role in the World” 
Attack on US Soil More Concerning Than Ever Before, Says Sen. Lindsey Graham  via
 Read/share: Want to defeat ISIL? Here's how I would do it | New Hampshire  
When it comes to ISIL, the Obama-Clinton Doctrine of “strategic patience” is a failure. - Read more at: 
Streaming live at 10EST tomorrow: Sen. Lindsey Graham on “America’s Role in the World” 
Future South Carolina player, all right! 
Want to defeat ISIL? Here's how I would do it.  via
My statement on Iran pushing to end the arms embargo in the Iranian nuclear negotiations: 
 WEDNESDAY: Sen. joins our America's role in the world speaker series→ RSVP:  ht…
ICYMI: Check out the coverage from my two-day swing through IA last week! 
  sent 2 kids up to meet with lawmakers (including recently  
LIVE with at 10:00am ET. ; I will talk 2016, latest on Iran negotiations ; much more. 
Joe Heck is a US Army reservist, physician ; patriot. Thrilled to see him enter the race for  Harry Reid's seat is turning red!
Tune in to hear my take on the latest updates about the Iranian Nuclear Deal ; ISIL on 07/08 ET.
On 07/08 ET I’ll be discussing the importance of securing our nation due to threats we face at home ; abroad.
 will host me on Wednesday ET in D.C. to launch their new series “America’s Role in the World”
Happy birthday to two great Americans - President George W. Bush ; Former First Lady Nancy Reagan!
Going LIVE with New Hampshire Today on at 8:30am ET.  Don’t miss it.  
Congratulations  🇺🇸 
What a great parade in Amherst, NH today!  Happy Independence Day!  
On  we thank those representing the American spirit and defending our rights, freedom ; way of life. 
Lindsey Graham lays out practical approach to presidency  via 
"Graham said he's not afraid to let people know when he disagrees with them. And he proved it."  
"On issues like marriage equality, energy policy and immigration, Graham offered solutions." Read more:  
 Graham: "When it comes to radical Islam I've got a simple philosophy ... Whatever it takes as long as it takes to defeat…
"I am a solid conservative fiscally and socially...above all else I'm ready to be commander in chief." 
Best butter pecan ever!  
Will be at the office in Sioux City at 12:45pm CT. See you there! 
 There's something more important here than just making a buck: on dealing with Cuba and Iowa business …
Next stop is the Blue Bunny Ice Cream Parlor Party Room in Le Mars at 11:30am CT.  
Headed to Orange City for a meet ; greet at Hope to see you all there at 10:15am CT! 
 Graham on domestic energy: Hats off to Iowa. You can’t go 5 ft w/o seeing a farm and a windmill. 
On my way to in Spencer. Join us for good coffee ; great conversation! 
 Graham says Americans are willing to engage against ISIS. “They know these people are evil to the core.” …
Number is 3,500, but the message is correct.  
 Taking Confederate flag down in South Carolina doesn't fix all of our problems, but it's a step. - 
Just finished up a great day in IA - will be in Spencer, Orange City, Le Mars, ; Sioux City tomorrow.  See you there! 
 Lindsey Graham says U.S. is one of 7 nations that allow abortion after 20 weeks. "I want to get out of that club." 
Such a cool place for a townhall meeting! in Mason City, IA  
Going LIVE with from the campaign trail in Iowa at 6:00pm CT/7:00pm ET.  Tune in! 
 Full room for politics and pizza with in Ft. Dodge.  Thanks to the Webster County GOP!  
Town hall meeting in Mason City tonight at 7pm CT. Look forward to a great discussion about securing our nation and our future 
 Graham: I believe there are plenty of practical conservatives in Iowa. 
Check out my first ever gondola ride interview with 
On my way to in Fort Dodge. Join us for some pizza ; good conversation at 3:30pm CT! 
My statement regarding President Obama’s decision to reopen our embassy in Cuba: 
Chatting w/ at Smokey Row Coffee in Des Moines for "Roske on Politics"  
 Graham describes modest upbringing, says he can empathize with average Americans in a way Hillary Clinton and other GOP …
Joining the ed board ; NOW! LIVE stream here: 
Speaking w/ ed board ; this morning at 11am CT. Watch LIVE here: 
My friend works tirelessly to keep America safe ; stand up for vets. Help send her back to the Senate 
Take a look at SC Grassroots Leadership Team from TODAY. Comprised of 100 mem. from all 46 counties in SC.  
 – Graham [To Iran]:“If you want a large enrichment program, you’re not gonna get it. If you want a war, you will lose it.”
 - “This whole construct of treating Iran as anything other than a totalitarian religious theocracy is nuts.”
"Graham slams Iranian nuclear deal" via 
 from ; I are talking challenges facing America abroad  
Heading to to speak at about the challenges facing America here ; abroad 
LIVE on Tune-in NOW! 
Going on today at 4pm ET. LISTEN LIVE here: 
Beautiful view on drive through CO mountains to Look forward to speaking tonight at 
Lindsey's with tomorrow taking questions from YOU. Submit your question here:  
Really enjoyed my Taylor’s Maid Rite. Thanks for having me!  
Last stop of the day: Meet ; Greet at Taylor’s Maid Rite RIGHT NOW in Marshalltown. 
Had a good time shooting pool in Tama!  
Just left the Linn County Fair where we dropped by the 'Soap Box' ; ate some good chili.  
Played some catch at the “Field of Dreams” in Dyersville, IA this afternoon.  The coolest.  
 for a meet ; greet this am in Centralia, IA.  Great way to start the day  
Great to be back in IA today. Stopping in Centralia, Dyersville, Central City, Tama ; Marshalltown. Hope to see you! 
An exceptional service for an exceptional man. I was honored to be there.  
My statement on today's Supreme Court decision on same-sex marriage:
Thank you to The Judge Advocate General Burne, U.S. Air Force for presiding over the ceremony. 
Yesterday, I officially retired from the United States Air Force Reserve. Very special moment. Read More: 
Health care that kills jobs isn't caring for our health. We need a plan that saves jobs:  
It's simple: We need a President who will repeal and replace Obamacare. Join   
Today’s decision reinforces why we need a pres who will bring real reform that repeals ; replaces Obamacare MORE: 
Learn why one experience taught Sen. Graham to take nothing for granted. Download "My Story":  
The Sanitary Cafe was home for Lindsey. Learn about the life-shaping moments in Central, SC:  
Beyond the headlines, learn how Lindsey went from Central, SC to Congress. Download the eBook:  
I hope that, by removing the flag, we can take another step towards healing ; moving South Carolina forward.
The victims’ families ; the parishioners of the Mother Emanuel AME Church reflect everything good about Christianity ; the people of SC.
After the tragic, hate-filled shooting in Charleston, it is only appropriate that we deal once and for all with the issue of the flag.
Today, I am urging that the Confederate Battle Flag be removed from statehouse grounds to an appropriate location.
A Note from Sen. Graham on Charleston:   
Our sense of security and well-being has been robbed and shaken. 
Every decent person has been victimized by the hateful, callous disregard for human life shown by this individual. 
To the families of the victims, you are being prayed for ; loved by many in the community ; across the nation. 
Our prayers are with the families of the victims ; the people of Charleston. We are all heartbroken by this tragedy. 
On with discussing my 2016 run. Tune in NOW to
Will be featured on Pres Contender Series with TONIGHT at 6:27 ET on Be sure to tune in! 
Tomorrow: Sen. Graham will be on Be sure to tune in!  
Learn how Lindsey went from Central, SC to Congress. Download "My Story" for iBooks ; Kindle @  
Sen. Graham's My Story is available NOW! Download your free copy for iBooks ; Kindle at  
"My Story" will be available tomorrow at  Be sure to download a free copy for iBooks ; Kindle! 
Obama has a plan to ban trans fats but no strategy to degrade and destroy ISIL. 
Coming Wednesday: "My Story." A first-hand look at Lindsey's path to Congress. Free download @  
Had a great time trap shooting over the weekend at  with Looking for tips?  Take a look: 
Was back in Central, SC this am, talking to about my life story ; running for president   
 To wish the a happy 240th Birthday, we made a video of their uniforms throughout history. Watch: 
 Sen. Graham says if current military leaders think Obama's strategy is actually defeating  then they should be fir…
 "I think I am the best prepared to run this country," Graham says.
Abortion, 5 months into pregnancy, doesn’t make us better as a nation. I look forward to leading this long-overdue debate. 
Only 7 countries allow wholesale abortions at 20-weeks including China ; North Korea. The U.S. should not be in that club. 
President Obama is not providing the capability and he doesn’t have the will. (2/2)
To defeat a determined enemy like ISIL you have to have the capability and the will.  (1/2)
Discussing the latest on Iraq w/ ; – Tune in NOW on
On this very sad day, my heart aches for the Biden family.  May God grant them peace and understanding.
The Sullivan Brothers VFW Post in Waterloo had a table and I couldn't help but stop for an impromptu… 
Thanks to my dear friend for stopping by my meet ; greet in Waterloo, Iowa  
I fear a cyber 'Pearl Harbor' is increasingly more likely if we do not invest in the necessary infrastructure to protect our nation.
The Obama Administration's failures in foreign policy and national security continue to pile up yet they do nothing to change course.
I fear the massive data breach may turn out to be yet another example of America being walked over by rivals and adversaries.
NOW: Talking to in studio this am. In Iowa? Tune into right now. Or listen online  
Leading from behind hasn't worked for the past 6 years. To defeat ISIS we need a real plan:  
 Our full interview with 
I am running for President of the United States. Stand with me as a Day One Founding Member by clicking below.
HAPPENING NOW: Tune in to the discussion on National Security in Manchester, NH   
On Scan the code to get the latest updates from Sen. Graham on-the-ground in NH and Iowa!  
 and I are going to have a lively discussion today at 9:30.  Don't miss it!   
Full house at the Roundabout Diner this morning in Portsmouth  @ Roundabout Diner ; Lounge 
At 7:40am ET I will be LIVE with Jack Heath on NH's  Listen here: 
Welcome to   
  would be able to tear apart. Watch the full intv:  
TONIGHT: Tune-in for Lindsey's interview with on 
LIVE with on from MoeJoe's in Manchester in 2 minutes. Tune in!  
 Photo:  on the campaign trail. joined the GOP 2016 race yesterday and joined... 
Great talk with about my hometown – Central, SC: 
We can't afford on-the-job training in the Oval Office. Join   
Didn't catch Lindsey's announcement yesterday? Watch it here:  
Ready for a President who'll secure America without needing job training? Join  ; change your profile pic! 
To understand where we're headed, we have to remember where we came from. It all started in Central, SC: 
I humbly ask for your support and your vote.  I will work everyday to make you proud. Thank you, and God Bless.
I’ll fight each day harder than I fought the day before to keep this country safe, prosperous and as good as the people who made it great.
I want to do more than make big government smaller. I want to help make a great nation greater.
To those who trust neither party, I'll seek the political common ground our nation so desperately needs to find. It’s what I’ve done before.
My enemies are those who despise our shared values: the enemies of enlightenment... We’ll fight them together with our partners ; we’ll win.
To my friends in the other party: Our differences are real, and we’ll debate them. But you’re not my enemy. You’re my fellow countrymen.
I’ll be a champion for limited ; effective government, strong nat'l defense ; for social conservative values w/o apology or animosity.
Those who believe the best way to defend ourselves is to lead the world ; make history rather than be overwhelmed by it, I ask for your help
I have more experience with our national security than any other candidate...that includes you
I’m running for President because I am ready to be Commander-in-Chief on day one.
We’ve learned over the past 6 years that speeches alone won’t make us safer. Superior power and resolve will.
Sen. Graham is announcing his candidacy for President right now! Tune in:  
Our allies feel the absence of America’s leadership. Our adversaries are taking advantage. American weakness anywhere hurts us everywhere.
The most powerful weapon in our arsenal isn’t a gun. It’s an idea. Terrorists are selling a glorious death. We must sell a hopeful life.
To our friends in Israel, I will never abandon you. I will always stand firm in supporting the one and only Jewish state.
Our ally Israel is at risk as a result of Obama’s failed leadership. We share values, we share democracy, ; our friendship is unbreakable.
I am running for President of the United States. Stand with me as a Day One Founding Member:  
The world is exploding in terror ; violence, but the biggest threat of all is the nuclear ambitions of radical Islamists who control Iran.
I am running for President of the United States. Stand with me as a Day One Founding Member by signing up below. 
Get ready. I'm ready. 
Only 30 min until Lindsey takes the stage in Central, SC for his big announcement! Tune in at  
Get ready for Lindsey's big announcement – live from Central, SC! Watch it live at 10:30 am:  
