Thank you for having me on the  podcast season finale to discuss my plans for criminal justice reform, fixing the racial wealth gap, and investing in Black entrepreneurship. When our community thrives, we all succeed. 
 The transgender community faces an all out assault from the Trump Administration. has spent her career protecti…
I took on the big banks that preyed on people. I took on for-profit colleges that preyed on students. I took on transnational criminal organizations that preyed on women and children. I know how to prosecute predators, and we have one living in the White House.
"It didn’t matter what your social status was because everyone was doing OxyContin."Heartbreaking stories from the Minford High School Class of 2000. Pharmaceutical executives have flooded opioids in communities like Minford. They must be held accountable for this devastation. 
 lawsuit threatens gun safety laws across our nation. Proud to stand with and at the Supreme Court as they fight for common-sense gun safety measures.  
It’s a no-brainer that if we want our children to thrive, we need to reinvest in America’s public education system—including the arts. 
We are in a fight for democracy, for justice and for the rule of law.There’s a criminal enterprise afoot. And we need to bring in all the president’s men—everyone from Pence to Pompeo.
From Ohio to Arkansas, an all-out assault is being waged on reproductive rights. I won’t stand for it. As president, my DOJ will block any unconstitutional anti-abortion laws before they can take effect.
Keeping the victims of the New Orleans shooting and their families in my prayers as our nation wakes up to news of another mass shooting.When will it end?As president, I won't bend to the If Congress fails to act to end this epidemic, I'll take executive action myself. 
There are nearly 40 million people living with HIV around the world. On  it is my commitment to you that we end HIV and AIDS within a generation. It’s on us to improve education, end the stigma, and work together to fight discrimination.
Betsy DeVos: teachers don't need a gun, they need a raise.
The values that we as Americans hold dear are all on the line in this election. Justice for the American people is on the ballot, and together we can organize communities that have been left behind for too long. Can you chip in $10 now to make that happen?
These lawmakers need to take a lesson in biology before trying to pass laws that interfere with women’s decisions about their own bodies.
Shirley Chisholm was unbought and unbossed, paving the way for Black women to lead, run—and win. On her birthday, we celebrate her life and legacy. 
Earning each and every vote—one conversation at a time.  
From South Carolina to Iowa, I’ve been blessed to meet with so many incredible small business owners. They are who makes our economy thrive. On  and throughout the holidays, let’s shop local and support those who support our community.
It’s moments like 🥰 
We need your help. There are only two days left in the month and we’re trying to raise enough money online to make this video an ad in Iowa. Chip in today to make this happen. 
Justice is on the ballot when people are spending weeks, months, and years in jail because they can’t afford bail. No more—as president, I’ll fight to end the money bail system. 
The strength of our union isn’t in the walls we build. Our power is found in our diversity.
I stopped by Corinthian Gardens apartments in Des Moines more than a decade ago to canvass for Barack Obama. It was lovely seeing Glen again yesterday after all these years—and even more heartwarming that he remembered me. 
Too many of our nation’s servicemembers are away from their families this Thanksgiving. California’s firefighters are out there battling blazes instead of spending time with loved ones. Thinking of them today and every day and could not be more grateful for their sacrifice.
Grateful for farm workers across our nation whose hard work and sacrifice has put food on the table for millions of Americans today. 
Congratulations to all the Des Moines Turkey Trot runners! Now, it’s time for some turkey. 
There’s a lot to be thankful for this year—from my family to all our joyful and talented volunteers, supporters, and staff.Wishing you and yours a happy Thanksgiving! 
This week, and every week, I’m thankful for America’s teachers. But they deserve more than thanks—they deserve higher wages and better working conditions. 
No American should ever have to delay or skip medication because drug makers jack up their prices. As president, I’ll take on Big Pharma and make sure they can’t put prescription drugs out of reach for patients who need them.
Precinct Captains like Soren play a huge role in our winning strategy in Iowa. Text Iowa to 70785 to become a Precinct Captain! 
Private prisons literally incentivize making money off of incarcerating human beings. No wonder ICE officials are bought in. On day 1, my Administration will shut down all government contracts with private prisons.
Our Black Women's Weekend of Action in South Carolina was historic. 
I am ready to defeat Trump—but we need your help to get our video, "The Antidote to Trump," on TV in Iowa so caucusgoers can hear our message. Help us reach our goal of raising $500,000 online to make this video an ad in Iowa:
I'm honored to have the support of teachers from across Iowa. Teachers give everything to ensure our kids have bright futures, and it’s time we invested just as much in them. 
I am ready to defeat Trump—but we need your help to get our video, "The Antidote to Trump," on TV in Iowa so caucusgoers can hear our message. Help us reach our goal of raising $500,000 online to get it on the air: 
I grew up knowing the criminal justice system was unjust. That’s why I decided to go up the rough side of the mountain and into the system to create change. 
I had so much fun cooking masala dosa with and even got to meet her dad.
Looking forward to doing some pre-Thanksgiving prep with the family in Des Moines. 
Citizens United has fundamentally changed the foundation of our political system, giving the top 1% an unfair advantage in our elections. Let's get big money out of politics. 
Let's be real about the health care debate in this primary. Some of my friends on the debate stage will take away your choice, while others could leave 10 million people uninsured.My plan won’t do either. 
I'm incredibly proud of my team who pulled this video together. We want to continue to push out content like this and share my story with voters, but we can't do it without resources. Will you chip in $20 today?
Keeping the people of Santa Barbara County and our firefighters in my prayers as they battle these blazes on Thanksgiving week. Evacuations are difficult under any circumstance but especially during the holidays.If you are in the area, please listen to all evacuation orders. 
Airline catering workers shouldn’t have to choose between paying their bills or seeing a doctor. Today I joined in calling on and to raise the minimum wage of catering workers to $15/hr and benefits. One job should be enough to survive.
My message to Mitch McConnell and the feckless Republicans who refuse to act to end gun violence: our children are dying. Enough with the political games. 
Who else keeps their spices in Taster’s Choice jars?   Turns out and I have more in common than we initially thought. WATCH:  
When it comes to our health care plans, some candidates would eliminate Americans' choice, while others—by their own admission—leave 10 million uninsured. That's 10x the size of Delaware, and 100x the size of South Bend.My plan does neither.Learn more: 
 We’re kicking off our Fundraising Drive for the People with a very important message from that donatio…
Over 50% of returning veterans who have PTSD do not receive mental health care. In a Harris Administration, we’ll double DoD and VA dollars to treat PTSD, sexual trauma, and traumatic brain injury. It’s past time we took care of the veterans who’ve taken care of us.
My mental health plan will:→Cover mental health care on demand→End the mental illness to jail pipeline→Double DoD and VA research dollars to help our veterans after they come home
When we talk about health care, we often frame it as the neck down—but we need to take care of people from the neck up. In my Administration, mental health care will be a priority. 
Our country is in a mental health crisis. Too many Americans are silently suffering with no relief in sight. Today, I released my plan to ensure everyone has access to mental health care—whenever you need it and wherever you need it. 
In 2020, we need:→A plan to cover everyone→A plan to bring down costs for Americans→A plan to preserve choiceMy Medicare for All plan achieves that.
You won’t want to miss this video with tomorrow.  
I’ve spent my entire career fighting for justice. The choice between me and this lawless president couldn’t be more clear. 
Justice is on the ballot when majority-Black communities in cities across our country lack clean drinking water. My Water Justice Act will invest $250 billion over 5 years to repair and replace our drinking water infrastructure.
 I meant every word of it.
Honored to join for this incredible event yesterday highlighting the voices and experiences of Black women. When Black women lead, we can accomplish anything. 
After I started Back on Track as District Attorney of San Francisco, a lot of people questioned why I was helping young people arrested for first-time drug crimes. I knew in order to stop re-entry we needed to focus on jobs and redemption—not jail. 
It's official! 
LIVE: Black Women's Town Hall with 
Soon, I’ll take the stage for our Black Women’s Town Hall with  Black women are the backbone of the Democratic Party. They deserve outreach every single day, not just during elections.
Vice President Mike Pence, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and Chief of Staff Mick Mulvaney are part of a criminal enterprise. It’s time all the President’s men come forward to testify.
As a people, we don’t throw up our hands—we roll up our sleeves and fight. We’re in this together. Be sure to tune in to our town hall tonight. 
 Lucy, you've turned your pain into power and continue to inspire countless families who’ve also lost a loved one to gun violence. While I can’t begin to imagine your pain, Jordan's legacy lives on through your fight for safer communities. Thinking of you and your family today.
Iowans, has a message for you. 
Each and every day, Black women across our nation wake up and fight to achieve a vision of what is possible. We have always had the ability to press on, despite the obstacles. 
We need a leader who has the experience of working with all folks—including women, people of color, the LGBTQ+ community, and working families. Rebuilding the Obama coalition is the only way we can beat Trump. That’s how I intend to win.
Together we’re building a grassroots campaign from the ground up to fight for justice. It won’t be easy, but I’m counting on you in this fight. Chip in now before our end-of-month deadline. 
Some of our most profitable businesses are selling weed. Those criminalized for doing the exact same thing should be first in line for those jobs—under my plan, they will. 
You lift me up each and every day. 
Instead of killing its citizens, violating rights, shutting down the internet, and destabilizing the region, the Iranian government must listen to its people and implement reforms. I stand with the brave people of Iran. 
Your hard-earned money is at work lining Trump’s pockets. 
Fiona Hill's testimony is an example of dedicated public servants who work every day to preserve all that we hold dear about our country. 
 We’re on the road this week w.  in Columbia, SC, Fri. Nov. 22 - Sun., Nov, 24! Join our  Gir…
We are witnessing a criminal enterprise involving all the President’s men. I encourage my Republican colleagues to put country over party. Our democracy deserves justice. 
Black women are the lifeblood of the Democratic Party. It’s time we had their backs, and not just when we need their votes. 
Post-debate and I'm back on the show. Be sure to tune in tonight at 11:30/10:30c. 
It’s an injustice that working women in America aren’t paid equally. 
For too long, candidates have taken Black women—the backbone of the Democratic Party—for granted. We need to show up for them every day, not just the Sunday before Election Day.
  calling it like it is 👇Black Americans are disproportionately affected by gun violence. It’s the lead…
Women often have to make the difficult choice between their careers and caring for their families. As president, my six month paid leave plan is meant to adjust to the realities of working women. 
Our nation has mourned the lives lost after multiple mass shootings over the past few weeks. We can’t just discuss the gun violence epidemic in some debates, we have to discuss it in all debates. 
Black voters aren't just dealing with voter suppression—Russian interference is also at play. 
 The reviews are in: won Wednesday’s Democratic debate in Atlanta by standing up for Black women, speaking truth…
When we overcome injustices, we will unlock the potential of the American people. That's the America I believe in. And that's why I'm running for president.  
I rest my case. 
Justice for all Americans is on the ballot in 2020. We have a criminal living in the White House and I'm ready to defeat him. Donate now to make that happen.
The question Black women voters have for us as candidates is: Where you been, and what are you gonna do?  
Proud to be the second Black woman elected to the U.S. Senate. 
Black women are the backbone of the Democratic Party. But after they help us win, they’re still paid less, more likely to lose their sons to gun violence, and more likely to die in childbirth.Democrats need Black women to show up. My campaign shows up for them. 
Donald Trump got punked. He traded a photo op for nothing.  
The commander in chief needs to concern herself with the security of our nation—including being respected around the world. Donald Trump is our greatest national security threat. 
Every worker in America should receive six months of paid family leave. This is how we start to resolve the injustices that working women face. 
We need someone on that stage who can go toe-to-toe with Donald Trump.  
What we need right now is a Democratic nominee who is willing to stand up to Trump, who will unify the country, and who will win. I believe I'm that candidate. 
We have a criminal living in the White House.  
We have a criminal living in the White House. We don't just need to impeach this president, we need to bring justice back to America for all people—not just for the powerful.  Justice is on the ballot in 2020. 
Go time. 
As Attorney General of California, I took on the big banks who engaged in predatory lending practices. They won’t get away with taking advantage of working families in a Harris Administration. 
A society is judged on how we treat our children. We must ensure every child has the opportunity to succeed and thrive not just on  but every day. 
Syracuse’s faculty and staff must listen to students protesting for more counselors and a safe and inclusive learning environment free from hate.When young people stand together, change can happen. 
I prosecuted sex predators. Trump is one.I shut down for-profit scam colleges. He ran one.I held big banks accountable. He's owned by them.I'm not just prepared to take on Trump, I'm prepared to beat him. 
Easy. $0.For my entire career, I've only had one client: The People. 
Economic justice is on the ballot when Latinas, on average, earn just 53 cents for every dollar a white man makes. Under my equal pay plan, corporations will pay women fairly—or pay the price. 
Our Black girls deserve better than to be treated like this in our schools. As far as I’m concerned, this is child abuse. 
Trump's hand-picked Ambassador just told the world what we know to be true: this president extorted a foreign government for his own political interests. Impeachment is the only option.
In 2019, at least 22 transgender Americans—mostly Black trans women—have been targeted and murdered. We can never stop saying and remembering their names. On Transgender Day of Remembrance, we must recommit to seeking justice for the lives taken and ending this epidemic. 
I’ve hugged too many mothers of homicide victims. I’ve seen too many autopsy photographs. I’ve met too many young leaders who look at me saying, ‘I don't want to die.’If Congress won’t get its act together to end this epidemic, I’ll take executive action as president.
HBCUs are critical to the foundation of our higher education system and provide opportunities for some of the nation’s most promising and deserving students. This is outrageous. Senate Republicans should stop playing politics with these student's lives. Pass this funding now. 
There are thousands of people labeled felons for life for selling marijuana, while people out there are making a fortune from the marijuana industry. This is an injustice, and as president, I’ll fix it. 
Our campaign has always been about accessibility—which is why I’m excited we’ve relaunched our website with more tools and ways to get involved with our campaign. 
The Obama Justice Department looked to what I was doing as a model of innovation to reform our broken criminal justice system. 
The Iowa caucuses are just 76 days away, and most Iowa caucusgoers are still undecided. We need your help to bring more voices to the table in the fight for justice. Chip in now. 
I stand in solidarity with Delores ; Downtown Detroit security officers on strike protesting the unfair treatment they face for coming together to have a voice at their job and fighting for the benefits they need to support their families. 
Lt. Col. Vindman is a brave patriot. Speaking truth is a powerful thing.We owe him our gratitude—and we owe the country resolve to hold this lawless president accountable.
The Trump Administration:Argued federal civil rights laws don’t protect LGBTQ+ workersGutted anti-discrimination protections for trans studentsBanned trans Americans from serving in our militaryA Harris Administration won't tolerate discrimination.
Big Oil has profited from polluting our air. When I’m president, polluters will pay a fine or get charged with a crime. 
Our campaign is powered by grassroots supporters like you pitching in $5 and $10 at a time to fight for justice. Join us. 
Farm workers like Veronica are why I’m in this fight. They put their blood, sweat, and tears to ensure we have food on our tables. As president, I’ll ensure they are valued and protected in America. 
American Education Week has me thinking about my first-grade teacher, Mrs. Wilson. She sparked my love for learning and was there the day I got my law degree. There are Mrs. Wilson’s all across our nation who are making a difference in children’s lives—and they deserve a raise.
Our organizers and volunteers lift others up and empower people every day to fight for justice. 
The Democratic nominee will only be successful with the support of the backbone of this party and our country—Black women. I’m honored to join to earn their support so we can restore justice to the White House. 
The times we live in requires bold action. Attorneys General play a critical role in blocking abortion bans and I applaud for taking a stand to ensure reproductive rights are protected. 
Let's be clear: marijuana isn't a gateway drug and should be legalized. Glad to see my bill with Rep. Nadler take the next step in the House this week. 
In 2020, justice for our community is on the ballot. Tune in to at 8:30 a.m. PT/11:30 a.m. ET for more. 
I'm sickened to once again wake up to news of a mass shooting.My heart goes out to the community of Fresno, the first responders on the scene, and the victims’ families.We can't go on with the status quo. You should be able to feel safe in your own backyard.
Parents and siblings of DACA recipients deserve to be protected. I'll make sure they are when I'm in the White House. 
The  is only the beginning. As president, my Administration will invest in our communities to get them out of poverty. 
You most likely paid a higher tax rate than this year.As president, I’ll end Trump's trillion-dollar tax giveaway to the 1% and biggest corporations and use that money to uplift middle-class families. Economic justice is on the ballot.
  Back on Track program was responsible for providing jobs to young people caught up in the criminal justice sy…
I’m All-In for Iowa, and now, you can be too by joining our Call In For Iowa weekend of action. Every call you make can make a difference. RSVP now:
 founder Bethany Yellowtail from the Crow and Northern Cheyenne Nations mixes her rich and vibrant culture with fashion to showcase the beauty and diversity of Native people.  
It doesn’t matter your age—you can make a difference in shaping the future of your community. Thank you, Anna, for speaking out. 
As the daughter of immigrants, this issue is deeply personal for me. 
Union rights are full-on under attack in this country.Show your union pride with our new Union Bug merch.  
Together with my brothers and sisters in labor, I know we will win. 
 Por Si No Lo Viste: recibió hoy el respaldado oficial de la "Unión de Campesinos de America"—el si…
There is a criminal in the White House. And no one is above the law, including the president of the United States. Justice is on the ballot in 2020.
 She stood with us on heat protections. She marched with us for overtime protections. We support because of he…
It’s on us to show our children what is possible. 
Iowans lost a true leader with the passing of Chief Justice Mark Cady. His legacy on everything from affirming marriage equality to protecting our children in the criminal justice system will far outlive him. My thoughts are with all those who loved and admired him. 
U.S. Army soldier Lori Piestewa (Hopi) gave the ultimate sacrifice to our country, becoming the first woman to die in combat on foreign soil during the Iraq War. Her courage and selflessness exemplify the very best of who are.  
Our kids are living in fear. They’re living in fear that they’ll be murdered while in math class. That their friends will be shot while taking a science test. We don’t have to accept this as normal. I’ll take executive action as president to combat this crisis.
Dominic Blackwell, 14Gracie Anne Muehlberger, 15Two precious lives taken too soon in the Santa Clarita shooting. This must end.
Humbled to earn the endorsement of the These working families are the lifeblood of our economy and communities, and this union has long been on the frontlines in the fight for justice.
Our children should not have lockdown drills on a constant basis.This should not be normal.Our communities should never predict that they’ll be the next one hit.This should not be normal.We shouldn’t accept these tragedies as commonplace.This should not be normal.
Fighting for our community is at the heart of this campaign. 
Proud to stand with who went on strike to oppose policies that would re-segregate Little Rock schools. Educators should be able to collectively advocate for their students and fight back against any attempts to silence their voices.  
Organizing works. This was the right decision by the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals to stay Rodney Reed’s execution—but our fight for justice continues. Keep calling 512-488-0698. 
 “This is a fight for Justice!” - Sen. Sen. Kamala Harris joined our Tele-Town Hall to express the gravity of thi…
When there's a criminal living in the White House, you want a prosecutor running for president. 
Nearly 70,000 children separated from their families.Nearly 70,000 children who will live with this trauma for the rest of their lives.Putting an end to this inhumanity once and for all is on the ballot. 
 On Day 1 as president, I will reenter the Paris Agreement.Make the climate crisis a top national security priority.Ensure communities impacted by the climate crisis get justice.Hold corporations who damage the environment accountable.Pass a Green New Deal. 
Families in America are shopping for bullet proof backpacks.Kids are going to school every day and thinking about where they’d hide from a gunman.This cannot be our new normal.
Michael FlynnGeorge PapadopoulosMichael CohenPaul ManafortRoger StoneAll the President’s men are convicted criminals. You are the company you keep. 
Witness intimidation is a crime. 
Yesterday, a 16-year-old girl and 14-year-old boy didn’t get to return home to their families.These horrific tragedies are preventable. No child should ever have to fear that they or their classmates could be next.
 Congratulations to you, Rachael, and Carl! Willow is so lucky.
Students should be able to concentrate on learning, not thinking about where they'd hide from an active shooter in their classroom.We can't go on like this. 
How can Republicans see our children being gunned down at school and take no action? This must stop being a partisan issue. 
Our kids could care less about who their parents voted for in the 2016 election. They just don’t want to get shot and killed at school.They’re terrified. And we need to act.
It’s pathetic that members of Congress continue to cave to the kids are scared they will be murdered in their classrooms. We must act. 
We're traumatizing kids across our nation by failing to act to end gun violence. 
Heartbroken and praying for Santa Clarita. I’m incredibly grateful to the first responders who are on the scene of this active situation. If you are near the area, please listen to law enforcement.Our children and communities are being terrorized. We can't accept this.
Trump stoked hatred and intolerance that have existed throughout our history. This pattern is real, and we all are responsible for helping fix it.  
Our children shouldn’t have to think about which classroom is the safest if a gunman enters their school and starts shooting. 
As California’s Attorney General, I created the Bureau of Children’s Justice to tackle issues like expulsion rates of students of color. As president, justice for America’s children will be a top priority. 
We won't ever let the people in power strip us of our power. 
I’m the only person running for president who has spent decades reforming the criminal justice system from the inside.More to come with my conversation with 
Trump thinks he can commit crimes and not be held accountable. Here’s what I’ll tell him: I know a confession when I see one. You are not above the law. And today, justice has begun.
It's extortion. It's an impeachable offense. And it's been out in the open the whole time. 
Trump threatened aid to a country unless they investigated a political opponent.Urged a foreign adversary to attack our democracy.Betrayed our allies.Undermines our intelligence communities.Our greatest national security threat is this president.
Trump has violated his oath of office and abused his power from the very beginning. Today, the path to justice begins.
When we fight for what we believe is possible—even if we’ve never seen it before—we can make it happen. 
NASA astronaut John Harrington of the Chickasaw Nation became the first enrolled member of a Native American tribe to fly in space. John soared to new heights and made history—showing others that anything is possible.  
"Truth is the highest virtue, but higher still is truthful living."Remembering the words of Guru Nanakji on what would be the 550th anniversary of his birth. Wishing Sikhs in America and around the world a joyful celebration of the founder of the Sikh religion.
In 2020, every single elected office matters—from city council to the White House. If you want to improve your community, now is the time to sign up with and learn about how you can get involved. 
The Asian ; Pacific Islander American community is close to my heart. We make up a rich tapestry of ethnicities, languages, and cultures. Today, I put out my APIA platform to ensure all have equal opportunity, access to justice, and human rights. 
My mother believed in the promise of America—that’s why I’m in this fight. Let’s unlock it together. Chip in. 
Cyber exploitation is intended to shame, exploit, and demean its victims. As president, I intend to make this a federal crime. 
I proudly stand with workers in Michigan who are demanding a right to a union, higher pay, and an end to sexual harassment in the workplace.  
To all DACA recipients: I know this is a scary time. I and thousands of people are fighting for justice for you and your families, and we aren’t going anywhere. We’ve got your back. 
 The supreme court is hearing oral arguments around DACA today, Tuesday, November 12th.Take action now: 
 HERE TO STAYHERE TO STAYHERE TO STAYHERE TO STAYHERE TO STAYHERE TO STAYHERE TO STAYHERE TO STAYHERE TO STAYTh…
DACA gave Dreamers more than just hope. We gave young people our word that they’d have a shot at the American Dream—if they work hard and play by the rules, they can pursue their dreams in the only home they’ve ever known.Trump broke that promise.
Dreamers fight for their love of this country. No wonder you can't relate. 
The first-in-the-nation reforms I put in place have served as a model to end mass incarceration and hold law enforcement accountable. That’s what I’ll do as president, too. 
Active shooter drills are traumatizing a generation of American children. 
In order to truly show thanks to the brave veterans who sacrificed for us, we must show our appreciation through action—not just words. 
Civil and environmental activist Billy Frank Jr. spent his life fighting to protect the treaty fishing rights of Northwest tribes. The movement led to the “Boldt decision;” reaffirming co-management of salmon resources in Washington State.  
Donald Trump prefers to take Putin’s word over that of our American intelligence community.He is our greatest national security threat. 
We owe our veterans and their families our endless gratitude for their service and sacrifice. This  let’s honor them by ensuring every veteran has access to housing, physical and mental health care, and are supported as they return home.
When children are ripped from their parents and put in cages, immigration justice is on the ballot. 
Many working families don’t have the resources to afford childcare, which can be more expensive than college tuition. I plan to fix that. 
Through her work, renowned performer and writer has opened people’s eyes to Native life, becoming the first Native American to be named the Poet Laureate. Her masterful work has inspired other Indigenous artists to thrive.  
While people on the debate stage talk about how they plan to reform the criminal justice system, I already spent decades reforming it from the inside. 
Last month I heard gut wrenching stories from doctors and nurses working during the Las Vegas mass shooting.Gun violence touches all communities and professions. We can’t bend to the whim of the any longer. As president, I won’t wait to act. 
Indigenous people have protected our planet for centuries. They deserve a seat at the table in the White House. In a Harris Administration, they will. 
10 years ago the federal minimum wage was $7.25/hour....It’s still $7.25/hour.A living wage and justice for workers are on the ballot in 2020. 
Finding childcare after school lets out can be a major challenge for many working parents. This week I introduced a bill to ensure parents have peace of mind knowing their kids are safe after school—without the hefty cost of childcare.
Not only did have the strength to share her story after years of abuse—she inspired others to come forward with their own. Her determination to  and the broken system is inspiring. 
My mother never asked for permission to tell her what was possible—and that’s why I’m in this race. 
Rep. has centered her career around fighting for equality and acceptance for everyone. She brought that fight to Washington in 2018, when she broke barriers becoming one of the first two Native American women elected to Congress.  
As president, I’ll reinstate DACA for Dreamers—but it’s not enough. By executive action, I will extend protection to their parents and others with strong family and community ties. It’s the right thing to do. 
Many people seeking asylum come here with only the clothes on their back. Charging them a fee is an affront to the very ideals of what our country stands for.
It was great to be in the house of labor last night with One job should be enough to raise a family. 
After years of bargaining and sacrificing wages, organized labor and unions deserve their health care benefits. I will not take away their choice. 
After we found out Trump was going to win, there was no question that justice was on the line. I told my team we had to fight. And that’s what I’ve done. 
 of the Oglala Lakota Sioux Tribe became an activist after witnessing the epidemic of missing and murdered Indigenous women and girls in her own community. I’m so proud she’s joined our campaign to tackle this crisis together.  
For over 40 years, the Indian Child Welfare Act has protected Native American children and kept them connected with their families and heritage. The attacks on  are utterly misguided and as I've done in the past, I stand with tribes as they fight to keep children safe.
 was a direct attack on California's immigrant community. It served as a watershed moment, mobilizing the Latino community to political action and forever changing our state for the better. 
Halt the execution of Rodney Reed and end the death penalty. 
We are a diverse nation and our STEM programs for youth should reflect that. That’s why I introduced a bill to invest in young girls, people of color, and children with disabilities—often underrepresented in these fields—and give them the resources to excel. 
Dreamers and their families are integral to the fabric of our nation. I stand in solidarity with students protesting nationwide to remind the Supreme Court that immigrants are  
It’s been three years to the day since our national nightmare was elected president. Since then, I’ve taken on Jeff Sessions, Bill Barr, Brett Kavanaugh, and more in the Senate. And I’m ready to defeat Trump in 2020. 
Always nice to spend time with supporters on the campaign trail. 
👆🏽 If you liked this, chip in to make Harris v. Trump a reality. 
Watching Trump, I realize I should’ve taken more psychology classes. 
This campaign is grassroots powered—not self-funded—and proud of it.Join us: 
When many in our country still opposed same-sex marriage, we were marrying couples in California. Getting to officiate some of those first weddings is one of the honors of my life. 
Our children know teachers deserve a raise. It’s time the adults in power listened.
When a father holding two jobs has to figure out how to make it to the next paycheck—while he pays more taxes than the richest 400 families in America—economic justice is on the ballot.
 I stand with the more than 1,800 workers—and their families who depend on them—in their fight for a livable wage, safe…
It’s been one year since the tragic shooting in Thousand Oaks took the lives of 12 people who were just enjoying a night out.I’m fed up with inaction. As president, I’ll take action to end this epidemic.
Donald Trump has been the most corrupt, unpatriotic president we’ve ever had, so it’s sad to see the level of desperation congressional Republicans will stoop to to protect him. 
Our democracy is on the ballot and it's time for Republicans to put country before party. 
If you're a working parent with a child in school, you understand that making ends meet often means multiple jobs, long days, and stressful scheduling. My Family Friendly Schools Act ensures that children have access to after-school care while their parents work.
My team compiled clips of Trump’s most troubling remarks for me to watch—here's a sneak peek. 
The impeachment process must be motivated by justice. 
Award-winning actor and activist changed the narrative of who Native Americans could play on screen. “It’s about time” the talent of Native artists and actors are recognized.  
Dr. Christine Blasey Ford's courage and unfathomable sacrifice inspired others to speak out on an issue that is too often kept in the dark. 
We must address the disparities in maternal mortality for Black women and women of color—our lives depend on it. 
I’m proud to support workers in Iowa demanding a fair contract with Economic justice is on the ballot when union members aren’t able to get a living wage, better health care and retirement benefits, and weekend overtime pay. 
I was raised by a single mother—I know firsthand how stressful and costly it is to juggle work and school schedules. Justice for students and working families is on the ballot. My Family Friendly Schools Act will give parents more after-school opportunities for their children. 
I'm humbled to have the support of Black women have long-fought in the trenches for justice—shaping America's history and future. Our issues will be on the ballot in 2020, and together we will fight for progress from the ballot box to the White House. 
Last night, Virginians mobilized to make history and elected a Democratic majority in the State Senate and House of Delegates for the first time in more than 20 years. Justice, equality, voting rights, gun safety, and more were all on the ballot — and they prevailed.
 Dan ran for the Virginia House as a gun safety champion, in the home district of the NRA.Congratulations Delegat…
 San Francisco Mayor London Breed has claimed victory  
 Thank you,  Our best days are ahead — and we will build that future together!(Via NBC4 News) 
 Thank you to everyone who cast a ballot, knocked a door, or made a phone call for my campaign. It made a difference –…
  Democrat Vi Lyles claimed victory, thanking her supporters for re-election as Charlotte’s mayor Tuesday night as…
Results are still coming in, but we're already seeing a wave of winning across the state. Huge congratulations to Suresh Reddy, and so many more!
 Congratulations re-elected Indianapolis mayor! 
Tonight—in Virginia, Kentucky, and cities and states across the country—people spoke up and showed there's no limit to what we can do when we vote our values. Every phone called, every door knocked, and every vote matters. Let's keep going.
 has been an incredible leader in Manchester and I’m thrilled she’ll have another term to keep building on all the progress she has made. 
Criminalizing the homeless is not the answer.Instead, the federal government must partner with local communities like Las Vegas to lift folks out of homelessness. My bill in the Senate invests $13B in housing and health care for the homeless.
It’s been two years since a gunman took the lives of 26 worshippers at First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs. Every day that Congress fails to act is costing lives.
 On November 7th at 8/7c, The Weather Channel will air our new special, 2020:  speak with eight…
My friend election for San Francisco District Attorney is today. We worked together when I was DA to seek justice for the elderly and survivors of domestic violence. I know she'll continue that fight for the voiceless.  Polls are open until 8 p.m. PT. Go vote!
For years, Indigenous communities and advocates warned us this would happen. Environmental justice is on the ballot. 
It's simple. My Medicare for All plan is for everyone—not just those who can afford it. It cuts costs, won't raise middle-class taxes, and gives a choice between a private and public Medicare plan. 
This  I’m honoring the Indigenous leaders who’ve made a positive impact on our world. Activist Autumn Peltier has spoken in front of world leaders, urging them to take action to ensure everyone has clean water. Young leaders like Autumn inspire me. 
It's more important than ever that listen to their workers and create an environment where everyone is treated with respect. I’ve been proud to stand on the picket lines with workers to demand a livable wage and a workplace free from sexual harassment. 
Some of the best conversations happen over a batch of cookies. 
 is a proven public servant and civil rights lawyer; she has the lived experience Mississippi families desperately need to move the state forward.Mississippians, you have a chance to make history today! 
It’s  in Virginia, Kentucky, New Jersey, Mississippi, and in cities across our nation.Economic justice, health care justice, education justice, reproductive justice, and justice for our children are all on the ballot. 
Let’s call this out for what it is: taxpayer-funded discrimination. I’ve spent my career fighting on behalf of LGBTQ+ people. As president, I will sign the Equality Act into law to ensure the federal government has their back.
This isn’t a coincidence. Justice for voters is on the ballot.
Racially biased algorithms in health care can be the difference between life and death. Health care justice is on the ballot. 
Honored to hold a town hall with in Las Vegas on November 8. I won't stop fighting to ensure dignity and rights for working people. 
One missing child is too many. 
Justice is on the ballot in 2020. 
Fighting  means fighting for ALL people. Regardless of their race. Regardless of their gender.Regardless of their sexual orientation.Regardless of their political party. Regardless of the language their grandmother speaks. Everyone.
Americans are paying for Trump’s wasteful, hateful vanity project—and it won’t make our nation any safer. 
I am running for president to pass the largest middle-class tax cut in our country's history. Want to know how we’re going to pay for it? We're going to repeal Trump's tax bill that benefits the top 1% and the biggest corporations in America.
When we overcome injustices, we will unlock the promise of America and the potential of the American people. That’s the America I see. That’s the America I believe in. And that’s why I’m running for president of the United States. 
Here’s what I think of when I say we need to fight for justice.
Again and again, Trump has chosen corporate profits over clean air and clean water. Environmental justice is on the ballot in 2020. 
Raking leaves is as effective at combatting the climate crisis as your phone’s spellcheck is at fixing your tweets. is doing his job. Maybe you should try it. 
Iowa, that was fun.  
We are one year out from the most important election of our lifetime. We know justice is on the ballot. We’ve got to organize, mobilize, and fight to ensure we finally say goodbye to the national nightmare we call Donald Trump and elect Democrats up and down the ballot.
We are on the verge of making history in Virginia on Nov 5. A handful of votes can make the difference in these important local elections. Sign up now: let's  
I’ve only had one client in my entire life, and that has been the people. 
To win, we can’t be looking at yesterday; we need to be focused on tomorrow. 
With under 100 days until the Iowa caucuses, I’m All-In for Iowa. This is a time when your donation matters the most to our ground game. Can you chip in today?
We won’t stop fighting. 
By fighting for justice, we can unlock the promise of America.Watch my full  speech from last night here:  
  “ came out like a fighter.” 
Kamala just spoke at the Iowa Liberty ; Justice Dinner. Now, she needs your help to keep up the momentum in Iowa and continue reaching undecided voters. Pitch in $5 or $10 to our All-In For Iowa Fund today:
Kamala just spoke at the Iowa Liberty ; Justice Dinner. Now, she needs your help to keep up the momentum in Iowa and continue reaching undecided voters. Pitch in $5 or $10 to our All-In For Iowa Fund today:
November marks  a time to recognize the rich contributions they’ve made to our nation and our world. Native communities were here first, yet our nation’s leaders have failed to protect and respect them. We must do better.
The fight for justice is a fight about all of us. Economic justice is on the ballot. Health care justice is on the ballot. Education justice is on the ballot. Reproductive justice is on the ballot. Justice for our children is on the ballot.
My entire life I’ve fought for the people—never a special interest or corporation. 
If you’re with me after  there's never been a more critical time to pitch in. Become a founding donor to our All-In For Iowa Fund:  
Together, we can unlock the promise of America.  
I hope I made you proud tonight. Join me in our fight for justice  
We're here to fight, to win, and to defeat  
I do believe that when we overcome these injustices, we will unlock the promise of America and the potential of the American people. I do believe that this is what we want and need. That is the America I see. That is the America I believe in. 
Fighting  as United States Senator meant taking on Jeff Sessions. Taking on Bill Barr. Taking on Brett Kavanaugh. And, Iowa, I stand here before you today, ready to defeat Donald Trump. 
Unlike others in this race, I've never represented a corporation. I've never represented a special interest. I've always only had one client: The People. 
To win, we are going to need a nominee on that stage who has the ability to go toe-to-toe with Donald Trump. And Iowa, you are looking at her! 
This is a moment to fight for the rule of law, our system of justice, and our very democracy. We're here to end that national nightmare called Donald Trump. 
About to step on stage at the Liberty ; Justice Celebration in Iowa with a simple message: justice is on the ballot in 2020. It's what I've fought for my whole career, and it's as important now as ever. Tune in. 
We're ready!  
Thanks for driving across the country to be a part of our movement! Justice is on the ballot this election, including ensuring school teachers like your mom are paid their value.  
Today is the Liberty ; Justice Celebration, and I want to hear from you. Tell us what a more just future for America looks like to you. 
Thank you, for running the race you did and for always speaking from the heart. Your passion for your community and conviction to create a future free from gun violence have enriched this campaign and shown us the leader you are. 
If we want to win, we need to go all-in on Iowa—but we need a surge of grassroots support to make this work. Can I count on you to become a founding donor of our All-In For Iowa Fund? Chip in today: 
Every conversation we have has the power to change perceptions about what is possible. 
We still don’t know why ICE destroyed footage surrounding the death of Roxsana Hernández, a transgender Latinx woman who died in their custody.That's why I'm calling for a special counsel to investigate. Her family and the American people deserve answers. 
There have been multiple mass shootings at parties this week and it barely made headlines. I commend the first responders who heroically helped those on the scene. But enough is enough—no one should fear being gunned down when enjoying a night out with friends. 
 Agreed, moms do get it done. Glad you and are on  
Open enrollment starts today to Dec 15. We’ve fought so hard to protect the Affordable Care Act. It’s made health care accessible for millions of Americans—no matter your gender, where you live, or if you have pre-existing conditions. Get started at  
When we say that justice is on the ballot in this election, this is what we mean. 
I wasn't afraid to take on Jeff Sessions, Bill Barr, and Brett Kavanaugh—and I'm sure not afraid to take on Donald Trump. 
Throughout my life, I’ve fought for issues that demand our attention—equal pay, paid leave, gun safety—and now they’re all on the ballot. Join us to keep fighting:  
You’re right, health care touches us all. I’m grateful my mother had Medicare when she was battling cancer—and I’m fighting to ensure it’s available for all. 
So nice of you to stop by our HQ for Halloween, 
No small talk, just big questions. 
Congratulations This is a promising step forward for Chicago public schools. Our children deserve to have a nurse and social worker in every school for early intervention, and our teachers deserve manageable class sizes. I'm glad that will now be a reality.
I have spent my career fighting for children. Trump’s actions have directly resulted in this injustice.
Proud to stand with workers as they collectively bargain for better working conditions, fair pay, and manageable caseloads. Standing with workers and for justice even when it’s hard.
To my Republican colleagues: is this lawless president worth betraying our democracy? 
I’m fighting for an America where: Everyone has access to health care.Teachers are paid their value. Reproductive rights are upheld. We treat our immigrants with dignity. Together, we are unburdened by what has been—and that’s why we will win. 
Reminder: no one is above the law, including the president of the United States.
Incredibly thankful for our brave first responders and firefighters who are putting their lives on the line to battle these blazes and save our communities.
  fire: Here are the evacuations, shelters and road closures in San Bernardino
Too many people have told me, "Kamala, don't take away my choice."When it comes to Medicare for All, I won't take away your choice between a public or private Medicare plan—or raise middle class taxes to do it. Period. 
Nothing worth fighting for is easy. Making history isn't easy. Defending justice isn't easy. We do it because it matters—and we intend to win.If you're ready to fight, pitch in now:
My heart goes out to the victims of the Long Beach shooting and the heroic first responders who were on the scene. This gun violence shouldn't be commonplace.    
If it wasn’t for voter suppression tactics like this, we’d be calling governor.This is an attack on our democracy. 
Hurricane-force winds are expected today and tomorrow in parts of Southern California, leading the to issue its first-ever extreme red flag warning.I can't stress enough, if you are given the notice to evacuate, go. 
 Here are the evacuations, school and road closures and shelters in place for the  in Simi Valley:
  mandatory evacuation have been ordered.  Visit  to see the exact areas. 
Homes have been destroyed. Families have had to flee. Let’s come together to help out our fellow Americans. If you can, please donate to support those recovering from the California wildfires. 
The lack of attention to mental health in our nation is astonishing.   
A lot of people are making money off the incarceration of people and it has to end. It’s past time we audit America’s federal prison system to figure out who’s making the money and where it’s going.
Tech companies shouldn’t be allowed to profit off hate. Period. 
Trump’s committing crimes in plain sight. 
We have failed to address trauma and mental health in our communities and in the criminal justice system for far too long. It's time for an intervention. 
As wildfires continue to spread in California, please take evacuation orders seriously.
It’s absolutely despicable that Gold Star families are bearing the brunt of these political games. 
The president is the commander in chief of our military. Her highest priority should be upholding our national security—not treating it like a video game. 
You are attacking a decorated Army colonel.Alexander Vindman served in the Iraq War. You serve yourself.He received a Purple Heart. You're receiving subpoenas.Unlike you, he has a sense of duty to this country. He is a patriot. You are a disgrace. 
Unconstitutional bans like this should never become law in the first place. Under my presidency, they won’t. 
As the wildfires continue in California, many people will lose everything. It’s heartbreaking and can devastate their entire lives. If you can, please consider giving to to help the victims of these fires. 
Trump attacked me for refusing to participate in his sad pageantry of lies, and standing up for real criminal justice reform instead.There’s only one reason: He’s afraid of us. Pitch in to keep our campaign going strong: 
Let me be clear: the core of any fight for justice is that you speak truth, no matter how uncomfortable it may be. Thank you to the grassroots supporters who joined me in this fight. 
I helped prosecute PG;E as Attorney General, and we need to continue to hold them accountable when they put Californians in danger. This is the right move. 
The War on Drugs was a war on our own people. 
When I’m in the White House, I will ban solitary confinement for both adults and juveniles. It's inhumane and unnecessary.
  MAP: See an interactive map showing mandatory evacuation zones, school closures, air quality  h…
 “Get out when we say get out,” Mayor Eric Garcetti said, urging homeowners to not try to fight the fire with garden hoses. “Th…
I went to the Homestead detention center to see firsthand the horror of Trump’s family separation policy and was denied entry.Under the Harris Administration, I will end all for-profit detention centers and ensure kids are where they belong, with their families. 
California has declared a state of emergency due to the wildfires. For those still in evacuation zones: Please, heed warnings from officials and evacuate immediately.If you are not affected by the fires and want to help, call 1-800-RED-CROSS. 
Justice is not just on the ballot in 2020, it’s also on the ballot in 2019—from economic justice to health care justice to tax justice and more.
Because of our victory in 2017, Democrats in the House of Delegates were able to expand Medicaid to more than 300,000 uninsured Virginians.Today, I joined and to ensure Democrats continue that momentum to bring about even more change to the commonwealth. 
The images coming out of the  are devastating. Residents of Sonoma County, it is imperative to heed all warnings and orders from local officials, and evacuate immediately. 
For over 50 years, Congressional Black Caucus Co-Founder John Conyers Jr., reminded us to fight for jobs, justice, and peace and ensured we never forget Martin Luther King Jr.'s sacrifice. We carry on his fight today.My prayers are with his family today.
Our children are our future. My Children’s Agenda will: ☑️Guarantee up to 6 months of paid family and medical leave nationwide☑️Create a Bureau of Children and Family Justice☑️Cut child poverty by over 50%☑️Ensure children have access to a nurse and social worker at school
Trump’s trade wars and tax cuts for the 1% are a betrayal to rural America.By taxing wealthy corporations, my plan will invest $100 billion into rural communities for infrastructure, health care, and broadband access.
I’m looking forward to saying goodbye to Betsy DeVos. 
 might only come once a year, but our work of organizing in our communities never stops. Go get those doors! 📸 
Wishing a happy and joyous  to everyone celebrating in America and around the world. 
We must change people’s perceptions, and it starts at the top. When those in charge don’t see the value of people like Tamir Rice or Atatiana Jefferson, there can be lethal consequences. 
During Disability Employment Month, we must reaffirm our commitment to eliminating barriers and expanding economic opportunity and security for people with disabilities. 
It’s been one year since a senseless act of gun violence took the lives of 11 people at the Tree of Life Synagogue.We must speak truth: hate crimes and anti-Semitism are real in our country. It’s time for leaders to lead and take on hate in all forms.
Happy birthday Even on the campaign trail, rain or shine, I'm singing your tunes. Continue to be a light and inspiration for me and the community. 
On this day in 1949, President Harry Truman nearly doubled the federal minimum wage from 40 cents an hour to 75 cents. Our current federal minimum wage of $7.25 was set way back in 2009 and hasn’t increased since.We need a $15 minimum wage to be the national floor—now.
This is a grave injustice that ICE would destroy surveillance footage pertaining to Roxsana Hernández’s death. They must be held accountable for their actions. 
Donald Trump comparing impeachment to millions of Americans who experience injustice in our criminal justice system is ridiculous and offensive. 
As a proud HBCU graduate, I will always fight for students to have their voices heard. 
On day 1, my Administration will shut down contracts with private prisons.
What an unforgettable time in South Carolina. Glad to be back today. 
With only 100 days left until the Iowa caucuses, I just want to say thank you for joining us on this journey. Chip in today and let’s continue fighting   
I’m ready to face Donald Trump on that debate stage in 2020. He knows it -- that’s why he’s already attacking our campaign and everything we stand for. But we’re not going to be intimidated. Will you chip in now so we can take our fight directly to Donald Trump?
I’m ready to face Donald Trump on that debate stage in 2020. He knows it -- that’s why he’s already attacking our campaign and everything we stand for. But we’re not going to be intimidated. Will you chip in now so we can take our fight directly to Donald Trump?
My whole life I've fought for justice and for the people — something you'd know nothing about. The only part of criminal justice you can claim credit for is the “criminal” part. 
I won't be complicit in papering over Trump's record. 
Student voter turnout nearly doubled from 2014 to 2018. It doesn’t take a genius to figure out why Republican legislatures across our nation are trying to suppress their votes.We won’t let them.
We don’t have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. I don't have a super PAC but I do have you. Let’s build this movement together. Chip in $5 or $10 today. 
 Wishing Nevadans a happy  as they celebrate their admission into the Union in 1864. We know can't wai…
Betsy DeVos deserves to be held in contempt.As California's Attorney General, I prosecuted Corinthian Colleges for targeting vulnerable students.Americans deserve a Secretary of Education who will work for them—not predatory for-profit colleges. 
Breaking barriers isn’t easy. But when we believe in what’s possible—no matter the odds—we can win. 
As Chairman Elijah Cummings is laid to rest today, I will always remember him as a champion for millions of people he’d never meet. Let’s honor his life and build on his legacy by tackling inequality, standing up for decency, and empowering the next generation of leaders.
Every day in America, children are being taught how to hide from a shooter in their school.  Moviegoers scope out the closest exit in case their theater is the next scene of a massacre. On this issue, I’m done. If Congress won't act to save lives, I will.
Our campaign is powered by contributions from people across the country, pitching in a few dollars at a time to fight for what’s right. Join us now→
I applaud decision to suspend deputizing officers as ICE agents. Using local officers as immigration authorities erodes trust between law enforcement and those they serve. As president, I'll end this program and fight for a fair and just immigration system. 
I got to spend time with and his beautiful family on the trail, and I know Tim is a strong leader for the people of Northeast Ohio. He has never stopped fighting for middle and working class families, and I'll miss seeing him (and Brady!) out in Iowa. 
Abortion bans are dangerous and based in partisan politics rather than science. I’ve laid out a plan to block these laws before they take effect. 
This is exactly why I called weeks ago for the White House to release transcripts of Trump's calls with Xi Jinping. Americans deserve the truth about whether he's pressuring more foreign leaders for political help. President Trump: Release the transcripts. 
 Critical fire weather continues throughout many parts of the state. Take time now to review emergency plans and emergency kits…
Devastating footage coming out of the  in California. Please heed all evacuation orders.Thank you to the firefighters who are putting their lives on the line to put out this blaze and bring people to safety. 
Representative Elijah Cummings fought for the soul of our nation. I join Americans across the country in mourning our collective loss as he lies in state today. 
We must focus on the matter at hand: The president of the United States committed a crime—by his own confession—by soliciting assistance from a foreign government.He must be impeached.
 🎉Congratulations to workers at McCarran Airport American Express Centurion Lounge, Hard Rock, Signature, ; Vdara on ratify…
Trump’s sold working people out.He fans the flames of hate.He takes the word of foreign leaders like Vladimir Putin over our trusted allies and U.S. intelligence.We need a new president in the White House.
In 2019, no family should not have access to the internet. Last week, I released a plan to enhance broadband access for rural America. 
Gwen Ifill was a pioneer and standard-bearer for journalism: hold those in power accountable and keep them honest. What a tribute to her legacy.
It's time we had a president who didn't think they were above the law. 
We can walk and chew gum at the same time.Americans have every right to be concerned about the integrity of their government *and* want to know that their government is focused on improving health care, public education, and other issues. 
I lost my mother to cancer. In honor of her and anyone who has ever lost a loved one to cancer, I promise public funding for cancer research will be one of my highest priorities. 
Republican legislators in South Carolina are stripping exceptions to rape and incest from an already draconian abortion ban. If this becomes law, women will die. Let’s be clear on that. 
We need to get to the bottom of whether Bill Barr is using the Department of Justice as an arm of Trump's re-election campaign. I'm demanding answers. 
Each day in America, people sit in jail awaiting trial simply because they can’t afford bail—while the rich and well-connected can buy their way out within hours. It’s indicative of our broken system, but change is possible.
You asked and my team answered. Our inaugural Cooking with Kamala episode features a special recipe from my mother. And yes—bacon is a spice. 
Tribal lands are essential to tribal sovereignty.Since Congress passed the Indian Reorganization Act in 1934, however, tribes have reacquired only about 8% of the 90 million acres into trust. We must do more. 
 As president, will ensure there are no barriers for deaf children and that the deaf community can thrive 🤟🏾 htt…
There are 104 days until the Iowa caucus. Everything we do in this moment matters. Chip in and join our movement today. 
I've always said that when you're campaigning, you meet the angels walking among us. That was certainly true yesterday. 
What I’ve been saying for a while: I’m ready to prosecute the case against 4 more years of this corrupt Administration. 
Lynching is a reprehensible stain on this nation's history, as is this President. We'll never erase the pain and trauma of lynching, and to invoke that torture to whitewash your own corruption is disgraceful. 
Too often Native Americans—like other communities of color—have been disenfranchised.As president, I’ll fight to pass the Native American Voting Rights Act. A tribal ID should be sufficient to vote. Period.
Murder is the third leading cause of death for Native women ; girls. This is an epidemic.I released a plan today that will fight to open federal databases to Indian Country. We must get to the bottom of the staggering number of missing, murdered, ; trafficked Indigenous women.
The United States has signed over 500 treaties with Tribal Nations—and we have broken every single one of them.Because of our actions, Native American communities lag behind others in terms of health care, education, and economic development. Together, we can right this. 
Gun violence shouldn’t be an ideological or partisan issue. We need leaders who will have the courage to lead. 
It’s past time our nation invested in Native American communities. Here’s what I’ll do as president:→Honor tribal sovereignty and restore tribal lands→Fight the staggering epidemic of violence against Native women and children→Appoint Native Americans to my Administration
Native Americans were here first. Our nation has failed to fulfill our obligations to Tribal Nations. Today, I released a plan that will honor tribal sovereignty and invest in Native American communities. 
I can't wait to try out these recipes. Thanks for making this birthday so incredibly special. 
My Children’s Agenda will:✅Ensure our children have access to health care and high-quality education✅Stop the treatment of children as adults in the criminal justice system✅Cut child poverty by at least 50% in my first term
I believe in America with health care for all, where teachers are paid their value, where being Black in your own home isn’t a death sentence. Together, we can make that America a reality.
Even if we're in different states, always has the sweetest surprises. 
Every birthday is extra special when you share it with your niece. Happy birthday, Meena! 
Nothing like an inspiring church service on your birthday. Thanks for the warm welcome Brookland Baptist Church. 
Join  in making sure this birthday is the best one yet! 
After natural disasters, immigrants are the ones doing the hard labor to rebuild homes — yet Trump continues to vilify them. Let’s protect the brave workers who are   
Organizers fuel our movement. Congratulations to for winning the New Hampshire organizing team's highest honor, the 'Joyful Warrior' award! 
1 in 4 teens have missed class because of lack of access to period products. That’s wrong. It’s time we end the stigma and ensure everyone, no matter their income, can reach their full potential—period or not.  
Whether you’re an AKA, Delta, or any other member of the Divine Nine—we’re all family. 
Trump is holding American taxpayer dollars hostage for his own personal and political benefit. 
They're committing crimes in plain sight. 
We know America is better than this—but it's on us to build that future together.We're not taking a dime from corporate PACs, so we rely on you. Pitch in today to join our movement. 
Next month we'll be in Atlanta for the next debate, sponsored by and Radio One—the first time a Black-owned network is a media sponsor for a presidential debate. Congrats to TV One/Radio One owner Cathy Hughes for creating a platform to tell our stories.
Honored you took my words to heart (and arm), ♥️ 
 I heard  ‘free expression’ speech, in which he referenced my father. I'd like to help Facebook better und…
In the last election, Russians used Facebook to suppress Black voter turnout by exploiting our nation’s Achilles heel—race. And Facebook’s current policy continues to fail to protect our democracy. 
The rich contributions of Filipino-Americans to our nation only make us stronger. Their history is our history. This Filipino-American History Month, I was honored to spend some time with nurses at UMC in Nevada.  
I made a promise in my first campaign to never seek the death penalty. And despite pressure, I never did. 
For gay and bisexual Black and Latinx men, women of color, and trans women, lack of access to PrEP puts them at higher risk of contracting HIV.My LGBTQ+ plan covers PrEP 100%—no exceptions. 
Right now in America:→A minimum-wage worker can't afford rent for a one-bedroom→Children are drinking toxic water→Trump is committing crimes and selling out the American people in plain sightJustice is on the ballot.
For the first time in our nation’s history, an all-female crew walked in space today. It’s more than historic—it’s a reminder that for women, even the sky doesn’t have to be the limit. 
The next president needs to use her microphone to speak to the country’s collective hopes and dreams.It’s time to restore integrity to the ideals of our country. 
Let’s speak truth: Donald Trump lied and betrayed rural America. They deserve a president in the White House they can trust again. Read more about my plan to invest in our rural communities. 
As I said in Iowa, the power is in the people. And we the people can defeat Trump. 
To paraphrase Richard Pryor: Who you gonna believe? Me, or your lying eyes? 
The strongest tool the president has is the microphone she holds. 
Our team was blessed to have Madeline Jackson, a 95-year-old supporter, marching with us at Her joy was contagious. 
We must set our teachers and our students up for success. I stand with the over 25,000 Chicago public school teachers who are striking for better pay and resources to educate the next generation. 
He's using our national security to line his own pockets. 
This is what 24 hours on the road in Iowa looks like. 
No one should ever be bullied or harassed because of how they identify or who they love. We are here for you. 
This is what a leader looks like. 
Trump promised rural America he’d:“Negotiate trade deals to help our farmers”“Produce phenomenal health care”“Foster enhanced broadband access for rural America”He lied. Today I introduced my plan to partner and invest in rural communities.
Rural America isn’t looking for more empty promises from their next president. I have a plan to create jobs through real investments, reverse the deeply harmful effects of the Trump Trade War, and increase access to critical infrastructure like broadband.
We lost a giant today. Congressman Elijah Cummings was a fearless leader, a protector of democracy, and a fighter for the people of Maryland. Our world is dimmer without him in it.
Donald Trump is like a 2-year-old with a machine gun. He doesn't understand the power of his words or his actions.
 On the latest installment of  ESSENCE cameras followed 2020 presidential hopeful as she campaigned…
My mother arrived to America from India alone at age 19 with the hope of curing cancer and her daughter stands as a candidate for President.If Donald Trump had his way, my story and others like it would not be possible. 
After Mattie lost her youngest son to gun violence, she joined other mothers to find a solution to this epidemic. As District Attorney, I kept my door open and provided the resources they needed to tackle this issue head-on. 
Their body.Their right.Their decision.Thank you, for keeping up the fight for reproductive rights. Happy 103rd birthday!
Women have died in back alleys because leaders have ignored reproductive rights. 
I have personally hugged more mothers of homicide victims than I care to tell you and attended more police officer funerals than I care to tell you.On this issue, I'm done. 
Dictators should not dictate our foreign policy—no matter how badly Trump wants their approval. 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt and unpatriotic president we’ve ever had. The Framers designed our system of democracy to say there will be checks and balances. This is one of those moments. Trump has given us evidence—and tried to cover it up. He must be impeached.
 My pronouns are she/her/hers.
This is getting more outrageous by the day. Mulvaney must testify under oath before Congress. 
Poor women and women of color will die because of restrictive reproductive health care laws. And we have not given nearly enough time to this issue. So, I brought it up. 
I’m ready to take this fight directly to Trump — but I need your support to get there. Pitch in $1 or more:
If Trump had his way, my story and millions like it would not be possible.  
Three hours. Not one question about the climate crisis.Not one question about LGBTQ+ rights.Not one question about immigration. These issues are too important to ignore. 
Abortion access is a fundamental issue of justice in America.  
Trump's tweets incite violence, threaten witnesses, and obstruct justice. We can't crack down on Facebook but turn a blind eye to Twitter. Big tech companies must be held accountable for how they allow him to abuse their platforms. 
I don't tend to listen to what the says I can't do. 
We must get these weapons of war off our streets.  
Am I in favor of sending pharmaceutical executives to jail for flooding communities with opioids?Yes, I am. 
Eight people will die from gun violence during this debate alone. I'm done. It is time to act. 
Donald Trump sold out the Kurds and gave hundreds of ISIS fighters a get-out-of-jail-free card. There are only four winners: Russia, Iran, Assad, and ISIS. This madness has to stop. 
 We won’t go back to the days before Roe v. Wade.  
We need to reverse Trump’s trillion-dollar tax scam and use that money to give hardworking families a raise. 
Republican legislatures need to keep their hands off of women's bodies.  
Once again we're talking about health care — but not a single question on the nationwide attack on reproductive health and rights. Women are half of this country, and they deserve better. 
As a former prosecutor, I know a confession when I see it. President Trump needs to be impeached. 
President Trump has committed crimes in plain sight. Voting to impeach him isn't unfair—it's just observant. 
Here we go! 
Our campaign relies on grassroots contributions. If you can, pitch in any amount that is meaningful to you to help power our movement→  
The "Queen of Salsa" Celia Cruz was one of the most popular Afro-Cuban artists of the 20th century, earning multiple GRAMMYs, gold and platinum records. Celia used her platform to be an outspoken advocate for displaced Cubans over her lustrous career.  
As president, I will sign the Equality Act to ensure the LGBTQ+ community is protected from discrimination. 
Take it from a real lawyer, subpoenas aren’t optional. The House should hold Rudy in contempt.  
For years, led the  movement. It wasn't until this day in 2017 that sexual assault survivors worldwide bravely came forward together on social media to also share their stories. To all survivors, know that you are not alone. 
 who works with our campaign’s political team, went back to Homecoming to give students the opportunity to get involved in our campaign. 
We know a worker negotiating against a corporation isn’t going to be fair.That’s why we have unions: so we can achieve fair wages and benefits for workers. 
We have a confession.We have a cover-up.There is a consciousness of guilt. Just because Trump has power doesn’t mean he can do whatever he wants and get away with it. He must be impeached.
Roberto Clemente led the Pittsburgh Pirates to the World Series—later earning him an induction into the National Baseball Hall of Fame and paving the way for future Afro-Latino baseball players to thrive. His talent and humanitarian work won’t be forgotten.  
As President, I will work with Tribes and Tribal communities to honor and restore our government to government relationship with Indian country to improve education, health care, and public safety across our Native communities. 
Leaving more than 5 million assault weapons on the street isn't a ban, it's a Band-Aid. 
You are not alone in this fight for a better future. 
When asked to name one thing Trump has done right as president, I found myself at a loss for words. 
Indigenous People's Day is a time to recognize the suffering and oppression the Indigenous community has endured—and honor the numerous contributions they’ve made not just to the United States, but our world.
 He’s one of the good ones ❤️
Donald Trump uses his Twitter account to incite hate and violence. He threatens those who seek to hold him accountable. So is it any surprise then that this kind of thing crops up? No.Trump is putting people’s lives at risk with his dangerous behavior.
After Shawn lost two of his brothers to gun violence, he started Brothers Against Guns.As District Attorney, I led my department to work with Shawn to help grieving families heal and tackle the epidemic in our community head on. 
Geoconda Arguello-Kline is Secretary-Treasurer of a union she’s been a part of since 1990. For decades, she has led the fight on behalf of Nevada workers, and won for them and their families.  
  says she would help to ensure that workers have the right to strike and protect workers‘ rights to unionize. “If…
Des Moines School Board Vice Chair, Kyrstin Delagardelle, decided to run for office following the 2016 election when she realized voices like hers were missing. She knew that change in our communities happens when we roll up our sleeves and get to work.  
The officer gave Atatiana Jefferson four seconds to respond before shooting and killing her.Being Black in your own home shouldn't be a death sentence. 
LGBTQ+ youth should not have to live in fear because of who they are. In a Harris Administration, we will establish protections from discrimination, bullying, and harassment in public schools nationwide. 
Until we change the system, there are two groups of people that have power in elections: those who write checks and people who vote.There is real power in voting — but you have to vote. 
I fully intend to win this primary and take our fight directly to Donald Trump—but I need your help. Chip in $5 now to help fuel our campaign. 
 Watch our campaign manager explain why Latinos for the People is so close to his heart. 
There’s no one I’d rather be with on this adventure. Happy birthday, 
Those in power must protect the most vulnerable among us. I will do that as president. 
 my friend and fellow presidential candidate, has dedicated his life to public service and has been an outspoken voice necessary to this presidential race. See you on the trail!  
American troops are being bombed and ISIS terrorists are going free. Trump’s foreign policy at work. 
My program Back on Track gave kids a chance for redemption and growth. They deserved a second chance to change their lives for the better through job training and support. 
1M+ people are living with HIV, which disproportionately impacts gay ; bi men, trans women, ; people of color.My Administration will fight to repeal outdated ; discriminatory federal ; state laws that criminalize HIV status. We will end this epidemic in a generation.
Jazmin Newton came to America when she was just 18 months old. Jazmin's perseverance helped her achieve her childhood dream of becoming an attorney ; her drive has made ; the Quad Cities a better place for all.Thankful to have her on our team.  
There’s nothing quite like Homecoming at I’m always renewed knowing this moment and this space was made for us, by us. Welcome Home, Bison!  
I will do everything in my power to ensure our youngest leaders can thrive. 
Thank you, for abolishing private prisons in California once and for all. No one should profit off the incarceration of human beings. It's time we did the same nationwide.
You wouldn’t know a joke if one raised you. 
Everyone wants public safety—what we don't want is law enforcement misconduct.📹: 
Fourteen years ago today, when I was DA of San Francisco, Lateefah and I started Back on Track—a program that provided opportunities for young people involved in the criminal justice system to get them out of the system for good. It’s time we take this program nationwide. 
From the worker who is fired for who they love, to the trans student whose school refuses them access to the appropriate bathroom, LGBTQ+ people still face discrimination. Yesterday, I introduced a plan to ensure that no one is left to fight alone. 
 Thank you, Ari! Feels like it was just yesterday. To many more years together. ♥️
Back when a lot of Democrats were talking about civil unions, in February of 2004, I was performing marriages. 
A better future starts with lifting up young girls and giving them every opportunity to thrive. This International  let’s build that together.
Given his known involvement in Donald Trump’s efforts to prod Ukraine for political help, Attorney General Bill Barr must recuse himself from the case involving friends. 
It takes courage to tell the world who you are. We are here when you’re ready. 
Fraud Guarantee is a little on the nose. 
An audience member at the  spoke from the heart of their fears about trans women of color being hunted down and killed.As DA of San Francisco, I tackled this crisis head-on. As president, I’ll impose a national model to ensure they are protected from violence. 
It is my commitment to you that, within a generation, we will end HIV and AIDS. It is within our capacity to do so. 
My pronouns are she, her, and hers. 
I am committed to bringing my career fighting for the LGBTQ+ community to the White House. No one should live in fear of discrimination.  
Transgender people—particularly trans women of color—are living in a perpetual state of fear from the epidemic of violence their community is facing. It’s gone on too long. As president, I’ll work to protect them from this violence and build a more inclusive America.
The only form of PrEP currently available in the U.S. can cost as much as $20,000 a year.                That’s outrageous. PrEP is a game changer and has significantly reduced HIV in the LGBTQ+ community. That’s why the plan I released today makes sure PrEP is 100% covered.
As president, here's my plan for LGBTQ+ Americans:✅Establish a Chief Advocate for LGBTQ+ Affairs in the White House✅Sign the Equality Act into law✅Reverse the ban on trans service members✅Make PrEP affordable and accessible
 🔘Ending Trump’s trans military ban🔘Passing the  sure religion isn’t used as a weapon🔘Protecting LGBT…
 Our next guest on The Sit Down is  💪🏾 Hear her set the record straight on her prosecu…
 didn't throw away his shot: he used his remarkable talents to introduce the world to Hamilton and made the world a brighter place for it. His musical gifts, writings, and political activism to rebuild Puerto Rico has made him a force for good.  
Trump ; Pence have done nothing but promote discrimination against the LGBTQ+ community. From arguing in court that federal civil rights law doesn’t protect gay workers, to banning transgender service members—it’s time the LGBTQ+ community had a fighter again in the White House.
 Learned from the best. 
Representation matters—and it’s important that we invest in and lift up those whose voices are not heard. That’s why, as president, I will establish a transgender fellowship to elevate promising young leaders in the transgender community.
Russia recognized race as America's Achilles’ heel and they exploited that. We must recognize this so we can address it. 
 Senator will be the first speaker on Saturday, October 26 at  2019 Second Step Presidential J…
As president, I will appoint LGBTQ+ people—including transgender and gender non-conforming people—to leadership roles throughout my Administration because our government and our courts work best when they reflect the people they serve. 
Stigma and lack of access have left too many Americans without the mental health care they need. Today, on Mental Health Awareness Day, it’s on us to keep working to change the narrative. 
Rudy Giuliani must testify under oath. 
Today, I introduced a plan to ensure everyone in the LGBTQ+ community is able to live proudly and openly, without fear of discrimination. We can restore equality and dignity in the White House. 
I’m putting Donald Trump and members of his cabinet on notice. 
Together let's create a nation where we protect our environment, not special interests and oil companies seeking to destroy it.Where politicians hold corporations to account, not give them billions in corporate handouts.It won’t be easy, but it can be done.
California Representative has stood up for our nation’s values since the first day she was elected to the House. During her time in office, she’s fought to protect Dreamers, veterans, and our environment. I am proud to have her on our team.  
If you or your family could have used paid family or medical leave longer than what your job gave, we want to hear from you. Share your story and we'll be sharing some over the next week or so.  
We will leave no one to fight alone. The march toward full LGBTQ+ equality continues. 
Internationally recognized poet and novelist Sandra Cisneros has enriched the hearts and minds of many, exploring the intersection of race, gender, and culture in her works.  
I stand in solidarity with and Santa Clara County public workers who work hard for our most vulnerable and deserve to be treated fairly. Children, seniors, and families rely on the critical services these workers provide. It's time we had 
My Children’s Agenda will:✅Ensure they have access to health care and high-quality education✅Stop the treatment of children as adults in the criminal justice system✅Dramatically reduce child povertyIt’s time we give all children in America the opportunities they deserve. 
Young people like Martha are leading the way in our country’s fight to combat climate change. I’m glad she and I had a chance to talk at our town hall in Ankeny this week. 
Congratulations on making history in Montgomery tonight. The birthplace of the civil rights movement has a new era of leadership for the first time in its 200-year history. Montgomery is in good hands.
It’s outrageous that nearly 1 in 5 American children live in poverty — and it’s even worse for our Black and Hispanic children. As president, I’ll combat this injustice head-on. 
Congratulations What you created is more than a studio, it's history. You've built a bigger table to make sure everyone has a seat and ensured that no one is left behind. 
This Administration, once again, rewrites the rules to stuff the pockets of billionaires and major corporations. It's clear where their priorities lie.
To all those observing Yom Kippur, I wish you an easy and meaningful fast. Shanah tovah.
Selena Quintanilla-Pérez accomplished so much in her short life — winning dozens of awards for her iconic ballads and inspiring millions in the Latinx community to dream big, and to celebrate their heritage out loud. Her legacy lives on.  
These little moments of joy are my favorite on the campaign trail. 
You are an American treasure, You make our country so proud. 
I look forward to discussing how we can transform our broken criminal justice system at the  Presidential Town Hall. 
Good. I have questions. 
Today, the Trump Administration will argue to the Supreme Court that, in our country, it should be legal to fire someone because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. This is wrong—and we must fight back. 
Someone should tell Donald Trump that you can definitely be impeached for obstruction of justice.
Born to hard-working immigrant parents, California Assemblymember serves in the state legislature to tackle homelessness, build affordable housing, and fought to make community college free. I’m honored to have his support in our fight.  
Right now, the average cost of full-time care at a child care center exceeds the cost of in-state tuition at a public 4-year college.That’s outrageous. My children’s plan would cap the amount any family can spend on child care. 
All children, no matter where they live, should have a nurse and social worker at their school. Early intervention and screening not only improve children’s health, it can help catch any issues before they become big problems.It’s time we treat children’s needs with urgency.
I’m proposing giving workers six months of paid family and medical leave. It’s the smart thing to do and the right thing to do. 
My Children’s Agenda includes passing legislation to:✅Guarantee up to six months of paid family and medical leave✅Expand access to high-quality preschool✅Cut child poverty by over 50% in my first term
No one should be made to fight alone, least of all our children. In a Harris Administration, they'll have an advocate in the White House. 
Our economy isn’t working for working people. I’ll repeal Trump’s tax cuts and pass the largest middle class tax cut in a generation. 
This week, the Supreme Court will hear three cases that could have real consequences for millions of LGBTQ+ people across the nation.As president, I will sign the Equality Act to ensure the LGBTQ+ community is protected from discrimination. 
This decision is a betrayal of our ally in the fight against ISIS and risks American lives. We have a president who is telling our allies and our adversaries that America doesn't keep her word.
Donald Trump sold out people when he passed a tax bill benefitting the top 1%.He sold out our values when he started putting babies in cages in the name of border security.He sold out our country when he took Putin's word over our intelligence community.Dude gotta go.
This weekend in South Carolina, I met Caroline, who's running for 8th grade class president. Young leaders like her inspire me every day. 
Assemblymember immigrated to the United States as a young child during El Salvador’s Civil War. She's spent her career fighting for equality and fairness for those who need a voice in our political system. Honored to have her on our team as we fight  
Fannie Lou Hamer was born on this day in 1917. She fought for our civil rights but, also, for our humanity. Ms. Hamer knew it was necessary to fight for what was right, even if she had to so alone. We must continue her tireless and courageous fight each and every day.
This week, a court sent a clear message that state and local governments can continue to lead to protect  — just as California has done. I’ll continue to fight to protect the free and open internet for everyone.
Civil rights activist Sylvia Mendez was one of the first students of Mexican descent to attend an all-white school in California. She represents the best of who we are and her bravery should serve as an inspiration to all.  
These whistleblowers must be protected from intimidation and harassment by the president and his Administration.
It’s not a joke. Release the transcripts and memos of Trump’s calls with China. 
 What the line looked like outside CHIRLA today. Lots of folks renewing  Where were YOU? If your  expires soon, renew…
Americans continue to be shot and killed, while Mitch McConnell refuses to bring a gun safety vote to the floor.
Joshua Brown’s selflessness and courage brought some justice for his neighbor Botham Jean. We grieve again learning of Joshua’s murder.I pray for his family, his community, and all those impacted by this tragedy.  We demand answers.
My Medicare For All plan will cover everyone, bring down costs, and give people choice. 
What we've seen on the TV the last few days is basically the admission of a crime.Donald Trump has publicly invited a foreign government to interfere in an election of the president of the United States. He's gotta go.
The current occupant of the White House is basically a walking indictment in a red tie. It’s time to prosecute the case against 4 more years of Donald Trump — and I am uniquely capable of doing just that.
The current occupant of the White House is fawning over dictators. “Horrifying” doesn’t do it justice.
Donald Trump has to go. The task before us is to write the next chapter. 
Secretary made history as the first Latino and the youngest person elected president of the Los Angeles City Council. Honored to have his endorsement and support.  
Diahann Carroll was more than an actress but an icon who inspired generations. She broke barriers and changed our lives and the industry for the better. May she forever Rest in Peace.
As I meet with leaders in California and South Carolina this weekend, my commitment to fight for organized labor as president remains steadfast. When we support our workers, we all win. 
Incredible news, Jose! I'm grateful to have you and your mom in our corner. 
VP Mike Pence.AG William Barr.Sec. of State Mike Pompeo.Donald Trump wasn’t acting alone. They must return to Congress and testify under oath immediately.
Hey Donald Trump: release the transcripts of your conversations with Xi Jinping. 
If we don't address a system that has historically been infected by racial bias, communities of color will continue to shoulder the devastating impacts of the past. 
Donald Trump needs to be suspended from Twitter. He is endangering others with his tweets and he should lose the privilege of being on Twitter. Add your name if you agree.
Donald Trump needs to be suspended from Twitter. He is endangering others with his tweets and he should lose the privilege of being on Twitter. Add your name if you agree.
Let’s be honest, Donald Trump’s Twitter account should be suspended. Add your name to my letter calling on to suspend Trump from this platform.
Let’s be honest, Donald Trump’s Twitter account should be suspended. Add your name to my letter calling on to suspend Trump from this platform.
I intend to keep in work for the next 8 years! 
Proud to join Nevada members on the picket line on strike against General Motors.GM earned $35 billion in profits in just the last few years while closing plants. It is unacceptable. I stand shoulder to shoulder with these workers and their families. 
As I said, release the transcript. 
We need to know who else Donald Trump has sought favors from. The White House should release records of his calls with the Chinese president. Now. 
I have personally hugged more homicide victims’ mothers than I care to tell you—mothers who would come to my office and say, "I only want to talk to Kamala." 
An American scholar of Chicana cultural, feminist and queer theory, Gloria Anzaldúa’s work has helped enrich our understanding of what it means to live at the intersections of these vitally important cultures.  
We’re asking people to see something they’ve never seen before. We can help paint the picture. 
Donald Trump has completely trampled on the rule of law, avoided consequence and accountability under the law. I’m going to hold him and his entire Administration accountable. 
Donald Trump needs to be suspended from Twitter. He is endangering others with his tweets and he should lose the privilege of being on Twitter. Add your name if you agree.
Donald Trump needs to be suspended from Twitter. He is endangering others with his tweets and he should lose the privilege of being on Twitter. Add your name if you agree.
Let’s be honest, Donald Trump’s Twitter account should be suspended. Add your name to my letter calling on to suspend Trump from this platform.
Let’s be honest, Donald Trump’s Twitter account should be suspended. Add your name to my letter calling on to suspend Trump from this platform.
A corporate tax loophole has allowed billions to be drained from our public schools ; local communities to benefit wealthy investors. No more.Proud to support and efforts to close this loophole ; restore over $11B to put 
Mr. President, telling lies about Joe Biden won't protect you from the truth. Joe has more patriotism in his pinky finger than you'll ever have. You violate your oath and undermine American values when you urge foreign nations to do your dirty work. We will hold you accountable.
We've gotta get this guy out of here. 
When people ask me if the country's ready for you... 
The NRA wants you to believe that addressing the country's mental health crisis means we don't need gun safety laws. We need to do both. 
People need to understand what bullets do to bodies when we’re talking about gun violence. 
On this day in 1967, Thurgood Marshall, my childhood hero and inspiration, was sworn in as the first African-American Supreme Court Justice.Our nation is made better because of his work to seek out truth and justice for all. 
 “Half their brain is concerned, legitimately, with a mass shooter busting through the door.” - on the experien…
I pray for Botham Jean's family. I pray that they find peace. He should still be alive today. 
Las Vegas.Orlando.Virginia Tech.Sandy Hook.Sutherland Springs.El Paso.Parkland.San Bernardino.Columbine.Virginia Beach.Aurora.Dayton.Tree of Life Synagogue.If Congress doesn't act I'll take executive actions to end this epidemic. Enough. 
We need more books and pencils in our classrooms — not guns. Period.
 Jenet is all in for  let her tell you why...👇 
The whistleblower understands patriotism better than you ever will, 
Secretary Mike Pompeo is on the verge of obstructing justice by refusing to comply with the House’s subpoena for its impeachment inquiry.He must come before Congress to testify under oath.
After surviving the horrific Las Vegas shooting, turned her grief into action and got comprehensive gun safety laws passed in Nevada this year. Leaders need to lead — at all levels of government. Proud to stand with you, Sandra. 
All Americans have benefited from the efforts of organized labor. I'm proud to stand with and Rockingham County Rehabilitation and Nursing workers in their fight for a union.
Trump's tweets about the whistleblower represent a clear intent to harass, intimidate, or silence their voice. His blatant threats put people at risk — and our democracy in danger. His account must be suspended.
Thinking of today and wishing him a speedy recovery. If there's one thing I know about him, he's a fighter and I look forward to seeing him on the campaign trail soon.
The cruelty of this Administration knows no bounds. 
Hey, Time to do something about this. 
Trump hasn't ever understood the gravity of his job. Period. 
From his service in Iraq, to his work expanding Medicaid in Arizona, to his leadership on immigration and veterans affairs, work in the House embodies the best of who we are as a nation.Proud to have him in our corner.  
Together, we raised over $11.6 million this past quarter—allowing us to head into October with $10 million in the bank. We're making big investments to grow our organizing team on the ground and reach millions more voters across the country. We're in it to win it 
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo must come before Congress to testify. The American people deserve to know what he knew and when he knew it. 
New quarter, new campaign Twitter account! 
This President is looking to intimidate and harass a whistleblower. What is wrong with this guy?
The words of a president matter. Trump has again shown he is irresponsible and endangering others with his tweets. He should lose the privilege to be on Twitter. 
Two years ago today, our nation witnessed the worst mass shooting in modern American history. 58 people lost their lives in the Las Vegas shooting—yet Congress refused to act. As we honor the lives lost ; the courage of first responders, let’s commit to action. 
There are 12 minutes to midnight on the east coast, when we’ll close the books on the third quarter. Can you chip in $12 now to help us reach our fundraising goal?
Our fundraising deadline is at MIDNIGHT TONIGHT. Can you donate right now, even $1, to own a piece of this campaign?
Our fundraising deadline is at MIDNIGHT TONIGHT. Can you donate right now, even $1, to own a piece of this campaign?
Look let's be honest, Twitter account should be suspended.
Incredibly proud of California’s family child care providers who won a 16 year fight for the chance to form a union. Those taking care of our children deserve to make a decent living. Thanks to and for leading the charge. 
My colleague is a trailblazer and formidable force in the Senate. She knows we are stronger when more voices have a seat at the table.  
Re-upping. 
Donald Trump has shown us he is lawless, and last week he gave us even more evidence that he is not fit for office.He must be impeached.
Thank you for his leadership on this issue and for his long-fought advocacy. Again, California is leading the way.College athletes should own the rights to their name, image, and likeness.
I’m running for president to fight the corruption we’re seeing from Trump and restore a government of, by, and for the people — which is why I’m not taking a dime from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists. Can you chip in $1, $5, or $10 now?
Today marks the anniversary of a dark day in our nation’s history. Forty-three years ago, the Hyde Amendment passed in the House. Access to reproductive health care should not be based on how much money people have. We must repeal the Hyde Amendment.
We have a man in the White House lining his own pockets and the pockets of the top 1%, while hardworking Americans struggle to pay their rent on time or pay off their medical bills. As president, I will pass the LIFT and raise incomes for middle-class families by up to $500/mo.
Please chip in any amount -- even $1 -- before the Official End-of-Quarter fundraising deadline ends at midnight TONIGHT.
Please chip in any amount -- even $1 -- before the Official End-of-Quarter fundraising deadline ends at midnight TONIGHT.
Please chip in any amount -- even $1 -- before the Official End-of-Quarter fundraising deadline ends at midnight TONIGHT.
Please chip in any amount -- even $1 -- before the Official End-of-Quarter fundraising deadline ends at midnight TONIGHT.
Please chip in any amount -- even $1 -- before the Official End-of-Quarter fundraising deadline ends at midnight TONIGHT.
Please chip in any amount -- even $1 -- before the Official End-of-Quarter fundraising deadline ends at midnight TONIGHT.
L’Shanah Tovah to all who are celebrating Rosh Hashanah. May your new year be filled with good health and happiness.
 and have been saying from the beginning that impeachment proceedings need to start. It was because of their foresight and vision that we are here today. 
Judge Sonia Sotomayor has fought for the voices of the people ever since her first case voting against corporations in Citizens United. As a critical voice on the bench, she’s showing all our children what’s possible.  
Honored to speak yesterday with members of the AAPI community at the International Hotel in San Francisco, the birthplace of the Asian American rights movement. Together we're fighting  
We are at a crucial moment in the history of our country. Chip in $5 now and stand with me as we defend our democracy and the values that make us who we are→
Hillary Clinton served our country with distinction and always put our country first — something Trump knows nothing about.
That girl being played by on girl was me. 
Step up, step in, raise your voice, demand more, and create change — that is César Chávez’s legacy and it will live on for generations.  
So proud of my LA guy who's out in the snow knocking on doors for our campaign! 
2 World Cup championships, 3 WNBA championships, and 5 Olympic gold medals between these two.It's time we paid them what they're worth. 
Incredibly grateful to have on our team. Penny is a force who has worked across Iowa to help elect Democrats up and down the ballot. Hear her explain why she's with us in this fight. 
Donald Trump isn’t loyal to this country.Donald Trump is only loyal to Donald Trump.
My heart aches for their families and loved ones. This is an epidemic. We must fight to ensure that transgender Americans are safe and don't have to live in fear.
The current occupant of the White House is fanning the flames of hate in our country, making us more vulnerable to domestic terrorism. 
Trump told the Russians he didn't care about election interference. He asked the Ukrainian president to dig up dirt on a political opponent.And the White House tried to cover it up. What else are they hiding?
Private prisons profit off the suffering and incarceration of human beings. It's wrong. I fully support California’s AB32 — it's time we abolish private prisons once and for all.
This  I wanted to take a moment to recognize a formidable leader in California. His continuous fight for immigrant rights and renewable energy serves as an inspiration. Proud to have him on our team fighting  
Every leader must answer this question — will you defend our country or blindly defend Trump?
Release the transcripts.
He's selling out our safety for campaign cash.
We need to get to the truth about Kavanaugh. And I believe the best path to truth and accountability is through a formal impeachment process.
It reeks of corruption. It reeks of self-service.It reeks of deceit. Trump is lawless. He must be impeached.
Organizers are the heart of our campaign. Congratulations to the winners of our four-day Iowa organizing competition — and all of Region 4, especially — who scheduled the most volunteer shifts! Iowa, I'll see you soon. 
The upcoming end-of-month fundraising deadline matters. A lot. And we have a long way to go to close the gap between where we are now and our target. Pitch in to our grassroots campaign to help reach our goal before midnight on September 30:
We can fight this.I’m committed to passing:→The largest tax cut for working families in decades→Addressing Rent and College Affordability→Medicare for All→Raising wages
A year ago, Dr. Ford risked everything and courageously forced our nation to reckon with an issue that has too often been kept in the dark.I still believe her. 
Any day our teachers don’t have the resources they need to succeed, we’ve fallen short in our promise to them. I stand in solidarity with Chicago’s teachers. Educators should be paid a living wage — and nurses and librarians must be involved in our education system.
And another thing... I would urge if you truly care about upholding your oath not to Donald Trump but to this country, instruct State Department staff to preserve any communications involving more cover-ups. Do not destroy any evidence. Be patriots.
We know is not quite on the level, but if these giant iPad texts are real, then it's further evidence we need to investigate the State Department's role in this mess.We have to get to the bottom of this corruption. Who all is helping Trump abuse his power? 
Donald Trump told us who he was when he was running for office. He said if I shoot somebody on Fifth Avenue, I will get away with it.He's a lawless president.He obviously believes he's above the law, he's beyond reproach, that he can get away with anything. It's outrageous.
Donald Trump is lawless. He thinks he can get away with it — but he won't. 
We need to impeach the President. Add your name if you agree.
We need to impeach the President. Add your name if you agree.
Trump's no better than any other dictator when it comes to using the resources of the people, and in the name of the people, for self-aggrandizement and for personal benefit. He's gotta go.
More than 6,100 veterans died by suicide in 2017 — a 6% increase since 2008.We've failed to take care of those who keep our nation safe. As president, I'm committed to ensuring our veterans have the mental health and health care resources they need.
Our nation is a better place because of the work of legendary labor leader, Dolores Huerta. Her fight for better wages and conditions for farmworkers improved many lives.I’m incredibly thankful to have her support as we fight for the future of our nation.  
In May, Attorney General Barr couldn’t answer my questions about whether the White House ever asked him to investigate anyone. In light of recent news, he must recuse himself and come back to Congress to testify immediately. 
My entire career has been fighting for justice and Donald Trump clearly thinks of himself as someone who is above the law. We need a nominee who can make the case against four more years of this Administration. Chip in $5 now→
White House officials must be subpoenaed to testify under oath about what else they may have covered up for Donald Trump. 
This is a cover-up. 
To Republican elected officials at all levels of government, there is a choice: Defend Trump or defend the country.
Donald Trump doesn't understand: that's not his White House, it's the people's house. And any act that he takes against the interest of the people of the United States must be aired.And he must be held accountable.
In 2020 we need a nominee who can prosecute the case against four more years of Donald Trump. I will do that. Pitch in to help reach our goal of raising $1 million online before the crucial FEC deadline on September 30?
Donald Trump continues to put his personal interests above our national interests. His actions are disloyal to America, unpatriotic, and potentially illegal.He must be impeached.
Donald Trump is not above the law. Add your name to mine to say the president should be held accountable. 
Trump has pressured a foreign leader to dig up dirt on a political opponent.Gave classified information to Russian officials.Obstructed justice in an investigation into his presidential campaign. And that’s only the stuff that would fit in a tweet. He's gotta go.
We need to impeach the President. Add your name if you agree.
I called for impeachment in April. Every day, this president abuses his power and betrays our values. He isn't a patriot. He's got to go. Add your name if you agree.
We need to impeach the President. Add your name if you agree.
I called for impeachment in April. Every day, this president abuses his power and betrays our values. He isn't a patriot. He's got to go. Add your name if you agree.
I asked Attorney General Barr whether the White House had ever asked—or suggested, hinted, or inferred—that he open an investigation into anyone. At the time, he seemed stumped. Barr must come back to Congress and answer that question under oath.
Sign our card thanking Speaker Nancy Pelosi for showing the leadership the White House lacks by beginning an impeachment inquiry.
Sign our card thanking Speaker Nancy Pelosi for showing the leadership the White House lacks by beginning an impeachment inquiry.
Speaker Nancy Pelosi is right: In America, nobody is above the law. Sign our card to thank Speaker Pelosi for taking up the cause of impeachment.
Speaker Nancy Pelosi is right: In America, nobody is above the law. Sign our card to thank Speaker Pelosi for taking up the cause of impeachment.
They admit it: Trump pressured the Ukrainian president to work with the U.S. Attorney General to investigate a political opponent. He must be impeached. 
It’s not Trump’s White House — it's the people's house. 
Donald Trump is the least patriotic president we've ever had. 
I’ve literally been carrying around a list of Donald Trump’s impeachable offenses. It’s long. Congress should stand up for the integrity of our democracy in this process and hold Donald Trump accountable. 
This is the last End-of-Quarter deadline before the final push towards 2020 — because after Sept. 30, we’ll have less than 100 days to go until the election year. Donate to Kamala Harris’ campaign today:
This is the last End-of-Quarter deadline before the final push towards 2020 — because after Sept. 30, we’ll have less than 100 days to go until the election year. Donate to Kamala Harris’ campaign today:
This is the last End-of-Quarter deadline before the final push towards 2020 — because after Sept. 30, we’ll have less than 100 days to go until the election year. Donate to Kamala Harris’ campaign today:
If you’ve been thinking about donating to Kamala Harris, we’re asking you to do it today — so that we can meet our fundraising goal by the End-of-Quarter deadline on Sept. 30. Pitch in now to keep Kamala fighting for all of us.
If you’ve been thinking about donating to Kamala Harris, we’re asking you to do it today — so that we can meet our fundraising goal by the End-of-Quarter deadline on Sept. 30. Pitch in now to keep Kamala fighting for all of us.
If you’ve been thinking about donating to Kamala Harris, we’re asking you to do it today — so that we can meet our fundraising goal by the End-of-Quarter deadline on Sept. 30. Pitch in now to keep Kamala fighting for all of us.
Donald Trump has abused his power, obstructed justice, and violated his oath of office. He puts his political interests over our national interest.I agree with — no one is above the law.He must be impeached.
There are so many reasons why impeachment proceedings must begin, I had to bring a list. 
Kamala here! Our grassroots campaign is fueled by incredible leaders and your contribution of $5, $10, or even $20 makes a real difference to hiring more people on the ground. Can you chip in now? → 
Trump openly encouraged a foreign adversary to hack a political opponent and attack our elections.He’s doing it again. Add your name to demand the House begin proceedings to impeach Trump»
We’re failing our Black mothers and it’s a matter of life and death.My Maternal CARE Act isn’t just about addressing disparate health outcomes or racial inequity — we must believe Black women, we must see Black women, and demand our health care systems take us seriously. 
If we’re going to flip state legislatures in 2019, we’ll have to mobilize everyone we know. Sitting on the sidelines isn’t an option. Spread the word this  and get registered to vote: 
 Enough. It’s time to impeach.
Sign our petition to urge Congress to begin impeachment proceedings against this President.
Sign our petition to urge Congress to begin impeachment proceedings against this President.
It’s time for Congress to begin the process of impeachment hearings. Add your name if you agree.
It’s time for Congress to begin the process of impeachment hearings. Add your name if you agree.
Sign our petition to urge Congress to begin impeachment proceedings against this President.
It’s time for Congress to begin the process of impeachment hearings. Add your name if you agree.
Sign our petition to urge Congress to begin impeachment proceedings against this President.
It’s time for Congress to begin the process of impeachment hearings. Add your name if you agree.
Enough. It’s time to impeach.
In 2017, 62% of women killed by men were killed by their husband or intimate partner — most commonly with a gun.As president, I’d take action where Congress won’t and close the “boyfriend loophole” to prevent domestic abusers from buying guns. It’s just common sense. 
Nine years ago today, the ACA’s benefits went into effect, guaranteeing young adults under 26 can stay on their parent’s health insurance, people with pre-existing conditions can’t be denied coverage ; more. While the GOP continues to sabotage our progress, we won't go back.
Women detained at the Karnes in Texas are experiencing medical neglect and there have been multiple suicide attempts. We must stop this inhumane abuse and bring an end to family detention. Join in calling for Karnes to be shut down. 
"I just don't want to die." Leaders in Congress who fail to have the courage to act on gun violence are traumatizing an entire generation of students. 
 NEW—Watch the third video in our  series. These candidates agree: it’s time for universal backgroun…
Let’s keep dancing into the fourth quarter. Can you chip in $5 to our campaign today? →  
 is right: we are currently failing our nation's youth by not taking swift action to combat the climate crisis. We owe it to them to stand up to polluters and stop poisoning our planet.
Today we recognize  and the work that still needs to be done to end the erasure. You are valid and we will leave no one to fight alone.
Trump’s division is stopping us from achieving what we need to get done for our country:→Gun safety reform to keep our children safe→Action to combat the climate crisis→Immigration reform→A middle-class tax cut 
Trump is pressuring another foreign government to dig up dirt on a political opponent. We need a new commander in chief—and we need to absolutely begin impeachment proceedings. He’s gotta go.
"I hope that young, queer people of all colors can look at me and know that they can." Congratulations on making history last night. 
 This is for you.  Yusuf Kevin Antron Korey Raymond    
Incredibly thankful for every single one of our organizers. They're the strength behind our campaign, empowering and lifting up communities. 
We must always demand change from those in power. But we can't stop there — we need to run into the fire, extinguisher in hand. 
 is opening up doors for others as our nation’s first Native U.S. poet laureate. Congratulations!
We can’t continue to rely on our flawed criminal justice system as a way to avoid addressing issues such as poverty, economic depression, and mental health. As president, I will end mass incarceration and invest in public education, public health, and economic opportunities.
Our broken criminal justice system treats being Black and brown as probable cause, while it treats being president as a get out of jail free card. 
I've heard about “electability” in every race I've ever won.
We need leadership that is prepared to unify our country around our common values, our common goals, and our common aspirations.Americans deserve unity — not division. 
Future Presidents. 
I don't know if you heard, but I'm moving to Iowa!Thank you, for putting on a fantastic  and giving us the opportunity to bring our campaign directly to Iowans. We're going to win this thing by coming together and fighting for the best of who we are. 
The has bought Trump — but they can’t buy me. 
Seeing people’s capacity for redemption and growth is one of the core reasons I decided to become a prosecutor. 
Without warning, suspended health care coverage, blindsiding more than 48,000 members and their families. It’s heartless, and hardworking Americans deserve better than this. 
When they say that breaking barriers isn't possible, don’t listen. It may be painful. It may hurt. You might get cut and bleed. But it will be worth it, and we will win. 
I marched in Las Vegas when it was like 115 degrees. I will march in the rain. I will march in the snow. Doesn't matter the weather, I will  with you, like I did today in Iowa. No one should be made to fight alone. 
  talks about her refusal to defend Proposition 8 as Attorney General of California: “I took that position because…
The fight for LGBTQ+ rights is not new for me. 
Tonight's  was the first public event of the 2020 election focused exclusively on the LGBTQ+ community—and it can't be the last.This Administration has attacked the LGBTQ+ community at every turn. We need to lift up their voices and leave no one to fight alone. 
Can’t wait to participate in tonight’s  (and not just because it means I get to meet We are facing an inflection point in our country’s struggle for equality, and we must leave no one to fight alone. 
The power is in the people. 2020 will not be 2016. 
I’m in Iowa for the next few days and will be here each week throughout October. We’re doubling our organizing staff and building a grassroots organization to win.It won’t be easy—but every contribution, no matter how big or small, makes a difference:
Under my climate plan:🌎Corporations who pollute and damage the environment will be held accountable🌎Communities impacted by climate change will get justice🌎We'll rejoin the Paris Agreement ; make the climate crisis a top national security priorityThis fight can’t wait.
Ben Carson's derogatory remarks are harmful to the LGBTQ+ community and just downright cruel.
As a 2016 candidate, Donald Trump openly encouraged a foreign adversary to hack a political opponent and attack our elections.As President, it seems he's doing it again in broad daylight and it is completely unacceptable.We have to get this guy out of the White House. 
Thrilled to open our new Reno office last night! A big thank you to and Janet Serial for your support. Join our team at events like this→ 
Millions of Americans face mental health issues, yet not enough receive the care they need. Now is the time for Kaiser Permanente ; its mental health clinicians to work together to build a new model for mental health care. No one should have to wait months to see their therapist.
Had a great dinner at Rodina in Cedar Rapids last night. Their roast chicken is incredible and they’re doing important work with Iowa farmers. Next time you're in town, be sure to stop by!
There is nothing more powerful than our nation’s youth marching together, demanding action be taken to protect our planet — and their future. It’s time our leaders listened. 
As California’s Attorney General, I defended the nation’s strongest pro-climate laws and prosecuted the big polluters that continue to pollute our air and water. I’m not afraid to take on the big fights.
Let’s talk about this “electability” conversation... 
How many more Americans will be shot at movie theaters, schools, concerts, festivals, bars, or stores before Mitch McConnell finally has the courage to allow a vote on background checks?
 Ahora es el turno de que la senadora responda a nuestras '20 preguntas para el 2020' – Entre otras cosas,…
Betsy DeVos is failing students, especially our transgender students. 
Earlier this month, my niece was in the Hawkeye State and I’m excited to be back today. If you’re in Iowa and ready to get involved, join our campaign by texting IOWA to 70785. 
Do you want the latest updates from Team Kamala? Add your number now to get breaking news from the campaign as soon as it happens!
Do you want the latest updates from Team Kamala? Add your number now to get breaking news from the campaign as soon as it happens!
Will you sign up for text updates from our campaign?
Do you want the latest updates from Team Kamala? Add your number now to get breaking news from the campaign as soon as it happens!
Will you sign up for text updates from our campaign?
Dr. Emily Clyburn was a pillar of the community. She will always be remembered as a fighter for justice and for her steadfast commitment to education and our next generation of leaders. My prayers are with Congressman Clyburn, their family, and the people of South Carolina.
 using health care as a bargaining chip is downright cruel. Proud to stand with the more than 48,000 members who are striking for fair wages, affordable healthcare, and job security. 
New Hampshire’s Republican Governor, Chris Sununu, is disenfranchising college students at the ballot box. It’s wrong. Students’ voices deserve to be heard.
This president is motivated more by his own insecurity than our national security.
Whether it’s $20, $5, or even $1, each contribution helps us reach more undecided voters with our message. If you can afford to, add a donation of whatever amount is meaningful to you to help power our campaign 
Mitch McConnell, it's time to choose: our kids or the this new ad now. (This video contains content some people may find upsetting) 


I’ve had the privilege of traveling our great nation and hearing directly from Americans about what matters most to them. I’ll be in Iowa, South Carolina, and Tennessee this week! I’d love to see you there. 
It’s not an extreme statement to say that people will die because of the constant attacks on reproductive rights in this country. 
The current occupant of the White House?𝘿𝙪𝙙𝙚 𝙜𝙤𝙩𝙩𝙖 𝙜𝙤.
Let’s be clear: the women of America right now are full-on under attack. 
Incredibly powerful 'Back-to-School' PSA. We don't have to accept this as normal.
They will stop at nothing until access to safe, legal abortion is outlawed.We can’t let them win. 
By failing to act on gun violence, we are traumatizing an entire generation. Just watch. 
I “Slow Jammed” the news, and Donald Trump is not gonna like it. 
We've got to unify the country around our common values, around our common hopes and dreams.That’s the strength of our campaign  
I said it last year and I’ll say it again: the process that resulted in the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh was a sham. 
Imagine not needing to worry whether a specialist is in-network. Imagine not fearing a surprise medical bill a few weeks later. Imagine a system where you know you’re covered. This is reality under my Medicare for All plan.
Last night, I asked the students in the audience at the show whether they’ve ever had to learn how to run, hide, or fight in the event of a mass shooter at their school.Nearly every student raised their hand. We are traumatizing these kids. 
My message to the members of who are striking for fair wages and benefits: we are with you. 
 Slow Jam the News with Senator More with Senator on  
The Kavanaugh hearings last year opened old wounds for many survivors of sexual assault. Allegations must always be taken seriously. 
Teachers are underpaid and underappreciated — and our students are the ones hurt when their teachers leave the field.My plan would give the average teacher a $13,500 raise. It’s past time we paid them their worth. 
I introduced the Secure Elections Act to protect against foreign interference. We must be prepared. Hand-marked paper ballots are the smartest, safest way to ensure your vote is secure against attacks. What happened in 2016 must never happen again.
This critical work by and helped inform the criminal justice reform policy we released last week. I hope you'll give it a read. 
If a Black student has a Black teacher before the end of third grade, they're 13% more likely to go to college. If they have two Black teachers before the end of third grade, they're 32% more likely to go to college. Investing in public education and in HBCUs matters.
Farmers are paying the price for Trump’s Trade Tax.
I stand in solidarity with the more than 48,000 United Auto Workers members who are striking for affordable health care, fair wages, and job security. When we raise our voices together, we can win. 
 
The reality of Kavanaugh's confirmation process is that it lacked any integrity — there has never been a meaningful investigation into these allegations. We need the truth. 
 I sat through those hearings. Brett Kavanaugh lied to the U.S. Senate and most importantly to the American people. He was…
Hispanic Americans have had a lasting impact on our nation’s history and success. We are stronger because of their contributions. Wishing you all a happy 
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. We need to elect a leader with the courage to take on tough fights and the will to move our nation forward. Help us win by adding a grassroots donation today.
Unions have organized, marched, negotiated, and gone on strike — all to ensure dignity and rights for working people. You don't have to be a member of a union to benefit from the work of organized labor.
Addie Mae CollinsCarol Denise McNairCarole RobertsonCynthia Diane WesleyFifty-six years ago, these four little girls were taken too soon from this world in the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing. Our struggle for justice still continues to this day.
Brett Kavanaugh was put on the Court through a sham process and his place on the Court is an insult to the pursuit of truth and justice. He must be impeached. Sign our petition if you agree.
I sat through those hearings. Brett Kavanaugh lied to the U.S. Senate and most importantly to the American people. He must be impeached. Sign our petition if you agree.
Brett Kavanaugh was put on the Court through a sham process and his place on the Court is an insult to the pursuit of truth and justice. He must be impeached. Sign our petition if you agree.
I sat through those hearings. Brett Kavanaugh lied to the U.S. Senate and most importantly to the American people. He must be impeached. Sign our petition if you agree.
Brett Kavanaugh was put on the Court through a sham process and his place on the Court is an insult to the pursuit of truth and justice. He must be impeached. Sign our petition if you agree.
I sat through those hearings. Brett Kavanaugh lied to the U.S. Senate and most importantly to the American people. He must be impeached. Sign our petition if you agree.
Brett Kavanaugh was put on the Court through a sham process and his place on the Court is an insult to the pursuit of truth and justice. He must be impeached. Sign our petition if you agree.
I sat through those hearings. Brett Kavanaugh lied to the U.S. Senate and most importantly to the American people. He must be impeached. Sign our petition if you agree.
Brett Kavanaugh was put on the Court through a sham process and his place on the Court is an insult to the pursuit of truth and justice. He must be impeached. Sign our petition if you agree.
I sat through those hearings. Brett Kavanaugh lied to the U.S. Senate and most importantly to the American people. He must be impeached. Sign our petition if you agree.
Brett Kavanaugh was put on the Court through a sham process and his place on the Court is an insult to the pursuit of truth and justice. He must be impeached. Sign our petition if you agree.
I sat through those hearings. Brett Kavanaugh lied to the U.S. Senate and most importantly to the American people. He must be impeached. Sign our petition if you agree.
I sat through those hearings. Brett Kavanaugh lied to the U.S. Senate and most importantly to the American people. He was put on the Court through a sham process and his place on the Court is an insult to the pursuit of truth and justice. He must be impeached.
The Congressional Black Caucus would not be where it is today without Humbled to call her my friend.  
Happy birthday to our son, Cole. You are a pure joy and I am proud, every day, to be your Momala. 
End cash bail.
Transphobia kills. We must stand together and protect trans women from an epidemic of violence against the community that has claimed far too many lives.  
Standing in solidarity with auto workers as union contract negotiations continue for higher wages ; new products at underutilized plants. There is nothing more powerful than workers coming together to stand up for their rights ; the dignity they deserve.
I stand shoulder to shoulder with workers at Fiesta Henderson Hotel ; Casino in their fight to unionize! I'm calling on Station Casinos to recognize vote and negotiate immediately for a fair contract.
We have a president who is: Stealing money from military families to pay for his border wall.Attacking immigrant communities.Trying to take away your health care.Cozying up to dictators.Denying climate change. Dude gotta go.
Let’s start with something basic — as president, I won’t have a “favorite dictator.”
We must act. Now. Seven million people have been displaced from their homes during the first half of this year due to extreme weather. 
After the debate, I got to catch up with Andrew, who graduated from my Back On Track program years ago in San Francisco. Instead of getting stuck in the prison system, he was able to get back on his feet.I'm so proud of him. 
 Thrilled is on our side, and plans to enact gun violence prevention legislation by any means necessary i…
Here was my message to Donald Trump last night.
It’s time we had a president who puts people ahead of polluters.Someone who has held companies accountable, instead of handing them billions in corporate handouts. Someone who listens to scientists, not spews science fiction.
Our nation and this team is made better because of you. I could not be more proud of you, Congratulations! 
 TFK Kid Reporter Eshaan Mani attended the  last night! Good reporters never miss an opportunity to ask a questio…
Since taking office, Trump has tried to fan the flames of hate and division to distract from his failed policies and broken promises. It’s time to turn the page on this Administration and write the next chapter. 
Reproductive rights are under attack across our nation and it should have been discussed last night. 
I know how important having a teacher who looks like you is to your success.  
When I look around the town halls that we host across the country, I see little girls and boys who are smiling and full of joy. We have to show them there are no limits to what they can be. 
This election is about fighting for real solutions to solve the critical issues facing American families. If you're with me in this fight, add a grassroots donation tonight — even $1 goes a long way.
The  was three hours long and not one question about abortion or reproductive rights.
Each time I ran for office, people would say: it's not your time, it's not your turn, it's going to be too difficult, they're not ready for you.But I didn't listen. 
I'm proud to have announced my plan to close the teacher pay gap—giving the average teacher a $13,500 raise—at Texas Southern University earlier this year. This will be the largest investment in teachers in our nation’s history.  
Donald Trump has spent 2 ½ years sowing hate and division among us. He’s used fear, intimidation, race and over 12,000 lies to distract us from his failed policies and broken promises. We are better than this. Donate now if you agree.
Here’s what President Trump doesn’t get: The vast majority of Americans have more in common than what separates us. I’m focused on solutions to the problems that keep us up at night. Donate now if you agree that’s where our focus should be.
Donald Trump has spent 2 ½ years sowing hate and division among us. He’s used fear, intimidation, race and over 12,000 lies to distract us from his failed policies and broken promises. We are better than this. Donate now if you agree.
Here’s what President Trump doesn’t get: The vast majority of Americans have more in common than what separates us. I’m focused on solutions to the problems that keep us up at night. Donate now if you agree that’s where our focus should be.
We have a president who is issuing trade policy by tweet due to his fragile ego. Under a Harris Administration, we would export American products, not American jobs. 
I've seen more autopsy photographs than I care to tell you. I've attended more police officer funerals than I care to tell you. I've hugged more mothers of homicide victims than I care to tell you. I won't wait for Congress to have the courage to act.  
I grew up acutely aware of the flaws in our criminal justice system and chose to reform it from the inside. I took on the position that allowed me — without asking permission — to create a first in the nation initiative to help people arrested for drugs get jobs.  
People ask me if Trump is responsible for El Paso — I say he may not have pulled the trigger, but he’s tweeting out the ammunition. 
Donald Trump has spent 2 ½ years sowing hate and division among us. He’s used fear, intimidation, race and over 12,000 lies to distract us from his failed policies and broken promises. We are better than this. Donate now if you agree.
Here’s what President Trump doesn’t get: The vast majority of Americans have more in common than what separates us. I’m focused on solutions to the problems that keep us up at night. Donate now if you agree that’s where our focus should be.
Donald Trump has spent 2 ½ years sowing hate and division among us. He’s used fear, intimidation, race and over 12,000 lies to distract us from his failed policies and broken promises. We are better than this. Donate now if you agree.
Here’s what President Trump doesn’t get: The vast majority of Americans have more in common than what separates us. I’m focused on solutions to the problems that keep us up at night. Donate now if you agree that’s where our focus should be.
Donald Trump has spent 2 ½ years sowing hate and division among us. He’s used fear, intimidation, race and over 12,000 lies to distract us from his failed policies and broken promises. We are better than this. Donate now if you agree.
Here’s what President Trump doesn’t get: The vast majority of Americans have more in common than what separates us. I’m focused on solutions to the problems that keep us up at night. Donate now if you agree that’s where our focus should be.
Donald Trump has spent 2 ½ years sowing hate and division among us. He’s used fear, intimidation, race and over 12,000 lies to distract us from his failed policies and broken promises. We are better than this. Donate now if you agree.
Here’s what President Trump doesn’t get: The vast majority of Americans have more in common than what separates us. I’m focused on solutions to the problems that keep us up at night. Donate now if you agree that’s where our focus should be.
 Amid a lively debate among the 10 candidates on health care, Kamala Harris focuses her attention on Pres. Trump: "Let's focus on t…
Every Democrat on this stage wants to improve our health care system. But we cannot lose sight of the biggest threat to Americans' health care: Donald Trump.
And now, you can go back to watching Fox News.  
For over 2 years, Trump has tried to sow hate ; division among us. He’s used fear, intimidation ; lies to distract us from his failed policies.But he doesn’t get that we have so much more in common than what separates us—no matter our political party or where we live 
Happy Founders' Day to It's game time. 
 has a very special message for you before the debate. Join him here:  
 We're getting ready to head to the debate, but first I want to ask for your help. Our campaign is powered by people, not c…
Trump is polluting our environment and taking us backwards. We can’t go back. I introduced the Water Justice Act because every American deserves the right to clean water.
I’m fighting for a fair America, where the president does not meddle in investigations into himself and where the law applies equally to all people in the United States.I’m on stage because of you, and with your help we will fight all the way to November 2020. Donate now.
I’m fighting for a fair America, where the president does not meddle in investigations into himself and where the law applies equally to all people in the United States.I’m on stage because of you, and with your help we will fight all the way to November 2020. Donate now.
Trump needs to go. I’m on stage telling the country why. Help me spread our message by chipping in to our campaign.
Trump needs to go. I’m on stage telling the country why. Help me spread our message by chipping in to our campaign.
Trump needs to go. I’m on stage telling the country why. Help me spread our message by chipping in to our campaign.
Trump needs to go. I’m on stage telling the country why. Help me spread our message by chipping in to our campaign.
I’m fighting for a fair America, where the president does not meddle in investigations into himself and where the law applies equally to all people in the United States.I’m on stage because of you, and with your help we will fight all the way to November 2020. Donate now.
I’m fighting for a fair America, where the president does not meddle in investigations into himself and where the law applies equally to all people in the United States.I’m on stage because of you, and with your help we will fight all the way to November 2020. Donate now.
I’m fighting for a fair America, where the president does not meddle in investigations into himself and where the law applies equally to all people in the United States.I’m on stage because of you, and with your help we will fight all the way to November 2020. Donate now.
I’m fighting for a fair America, where the president does not meddle in investigations into himself and where the law applies equally to all people in the United States.I’m on stage because of you, and with your help we will fight all the way to November 2020. Donate now.
Trump needs to go. I’m on stage telling the country why. Help me spread our message by chipping in to our campaign.
Trump needs to go. I’m on stage telling the country why. Help me spread our message by chipping in to our campaign.
Trump needs to go. I’m on stage telling the country why. Help me spread our message by chipping in to our campaign.
Trump needs to go. I’m on stage telling the country why. Help me spread our message by chipping in to our campaign.
I’m fighting for a fair America, where the president does not meddle in investigations into himself and where the law applies equally to all people in the United States.I’m on stage because of you, and with your help we will fight all the way to November 2020. Donate now.
I’m fighting for a fair America, where the president does not meddle in investigations into himself and where the law applies equally to all people in the United States.I’m on stage because of you, and with your help we will fight all the way to November 2020. Donate now.
I’m fighting for a fair America, where the president does not meddle in investigations into himself and where the law applies equally to all people in the United States.I’m on stage because of you, and with your help we will fight all the way to November 2020. Donate now.
I’m fighting for a fair America, where the president does not meddle in investigations into himself and where the law applies equally to all people in the United States.I’m on stage because of you, and with your help we will fight all the way to November 2020. Donate now.
Trump needs to go. I’m on stage telling the country why. Help me spread our message by chipping in to our campaign.
My heart is so incredibly happy for and baby Sadie who is recovering after her transplant. Sending prayers for a speedy recovery.
 Proud to be on team Kamala! 
Our democracy is stronger when it’s fair and inclusive. We must  to include those on parole. California's  has my support.
I’m fighting for a fair America, where the president does not meddle in investigations into himself and where the law applies equally to all people in the United States.
Trump needs to go. I’m on stage telling the country why. Help me spread our message by chipping in to our campaign.
Trump needs to go. I’m on stage telling the country why. Help me spread our message by chipping in to our campaign.
I’m fighting for a fair America, where the president does not meddle in investigations into himself and where the law applies equally to all people in the United States.
I’m fighting for a fair America, where the president does not meddle in investigations into himself and where the law applies equally to all people in the United States.
Later today I’ll step on stage at As a proud graduate of an HBCU, I'm hopeful this debate will shine a light on what we can do as a nation to strengthen and improve some of our nation’s most important higher education institutions. 
Our nation has deployed more than 3M service members since the attacks of September 11, 2001. They’ve carried a tremendous burden and the members of our military deserve so much more than we’re giving them. Last week, I released a plan to ensure they can get the care they need.
Thank you for your kind words, Andrea. I'm proud to have you standing by my side in this fight for a brighter future.
As president, I will end mass incarceration and build a system that treats people humanely and creates public safety by:→Ending fines and fees that criminalize the poor→Ending money bail→Ending solitary confinement  →Ending the death penalty
Our veterans have sacrificed for our nation. As commander in chief, I’ll ensure they have the support they’ve earned. 
More than 70,000 Bahamians are suddenly homeless after Hurricane Dorian. They've lost practically everything.Denying TPS status to them is heartless.We can't grant Trump a second term.
Today we can’t just recognize the firefighters and police officers that lost their lives on this day eighteen years ago — we must remember the more than 400 that have passed away from 9/11-related illnesses since that dark day.  
We will always remember the lives we lost on 9/11, the first responders who ran towards danger to save others, and those who gave their lives to keep our nation safe. Even amidst one of our darkest moments, our country came together to show the world we won’t be shaken by fear.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. I’m fired up. If you’re with me, let’s show them all the energy and power of our grassroots support. Pitch in anything you can to help keep up the momentum.
Kamala showed us on that debate stage that she’s ready to prosecute the case against four more years of this administration. Will you chip in now to show her that you’re with her?
Kamala CRUSHED it at the debate (just like we knew she would!). She’s fighting for us every single day of this campaign. Will you fight for her? Chip in now to show your support.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. I’m fired up. If you’re with me, let’s show them all the energy and power of our grassroots support. Pitch in anything you can to help keep up the momentum.
Kamala showed us on that debate stage that she’s ready to prosecute the case against four more years of this administration. Will you chip in now to show her that you’re with her?
Kamala showed us on that debate stage that she’s ready to prosecute the case against four more years of this administration. Will you chip in now to show her that you’re with her?
Kamala CRUSHED it at the debate (just like we knew she would!). She’s fighting for us every single day of this campaign. Will you fight for her? Chip in now to show your support.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. I’m fired up. If you’re with me, let’s show them all the energy and power of our grassroots support. Pitch in anything you can to help keep up the momentum.
Kamala showed us on that debate stage that she’s ready to prosecute the case against four more years of this administration. Will you chip in now to show her that you’re with her?
Kamala CRUSHED it at the debate (just like we knew she would!). She’s fighting for us every single day of this campaign. Will you fight for her? Chip in now to show your support.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. I’m fired up. If you’re with me, let’s show them all the energy and power of our grassroots support. Pitch in anything you can to help keep up the momentum.
Kamala showed us on that debate stage that she’s ready to prosecute the case against four more years of this administration. Will you chip in now to show her that you’re with her?
Kamala showed us on that debate stage that she’s ready to prosecute the case against four more years of this administration. Will you chip in now to show her that you’re with her?
Kamala CRUSHED it at the debate (just like we knew she would!). She’s fighting for us every single day of this campaign. Will you fight for her? Chip in now to show your support.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. I’m fired up. If you’re with me, let’s show them all the energy and power of our grassroots support. Pitch in anything you can to help keep up the momentum.
Kamala showed us on that debate stage that she’s ready to prosecute the case against four more years of this administration. Will you chip in now to show her that you’re with her?
Kamala CRUSHED it at the debate (just like we knew she would!). She’s fighting for us every single day of this campaign. Will you fight for her? Chip in now to show your support.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. I’m fired up. If you’re with me, let’s show them all the energy and power of our grassroots support. Pitch in anything you can to help keep up the momentum.
Kamala showed us on that debate stage that she’s ready to prosecute the case against four more years of this administration. Will you chip in now to show her that you’re with her?
Kamala showed us on that debate stage that she’s ready to prosecute the case against four more years of this administration. Will you chip in now to show her that you’re with her?
Kamala CRUSHED it at the debate (just like we knew she would!). She’s fighting for us every single day of this campaign. Will you fight for her? Chip in now to show your support.
Yesterday, I released a plan to ensure there's fairness, rehabilitation, and accountability in our system of justice. We have an opportunity to end mass incarceration and combat the bias and racism that fuels it.
Residents of Flint, MI ; Denmark, SC still face a water crisis. America is one of the wealthiest countries on the planet. It's a disgrace that we can’t guarantee access to clean water for everyone.    As president, I'm prepared to declare a clean drinking water emergency.
How many more Americans will die from gun violence while we wait for Mitch McConnell to bring the House bill to the Senate floor?
No explanation necessary. Get yours now→
This  know that you are loved — and that it's always okay to ask for help when you need it. If you or someone you know needs assistance, please call 1 (800) 273-8255.
We can’t pretend that our criminal justice system exists in a vacuum.  Too often, we task this broken system with addressing all of a community's problems when there are decades of underinvestment in schools and public health.  We must invest in our communities.
The special election in North Carolina's 9th Congressional District is TODAY. If you live in the district, please get out and vote for while there's still time. Polls close at 7:30 p.m. 
 In AARP's exclusive interview series with presidential candidates, told us how she will lower drug prices.…
 Over the past few months, I've traveled the country and heard from so many people about health care. It's deeply personal for each of us — it's time we ensure every American has health care from the day they are born.P.S. Congrats on the book release!
Trump and Republicans sabotaged the Affordable Care Act at every turn. They played politics with health care and now Americans are paying the price.  
 story and commitment to this fight to ensure health care for ALL is so deeply inspiring — not only to me, but to our entire country. I’m honored to have joined him for a conversation for his new show, Uncovered. 
How can we call ourselves a civil society — a society that values justice — if we have systems in place where people literally make money and profit off the incarceration of other human beings?There should not be profit associated with incarceration. Period.
There should never be a profit associated with incarcerating other human beings. Thanks for having me on, to discuss my comprehensive criminal justice plan. 
End the death penalty.End mass incarceration. End solitary confinement.End the use of private prisons. The criminal justice reform plan I released today will do this and more to radically transform how our nation ensures justice.
Too many unarmed Black men have been shot and killed by law enforcement. As president, I’ll enact:✅A national standard of using deadly force only as a last resort✅Independent investigations of police shootings✅De-escalation training
 How we can turn racism into a solvable problem -- and improve policing:  
Our money bail system is unjust and broken. It’s time to end it. 
Turning our backs on refugees in the aftermath of a devastating hurricane is cruel and inhumane. Many have lost everything. They deserve compassion — we should be better than this.
Reforming our criminal justice system is the civil rights issue of our time. Today, I released a comprehensive plan to end mass incarceration, increase law enforcement accountability, and more. Watch and I discuss. 
These are just some of the major planks of my comprehensive criminal justice reform plan. Read the full plan here:
And we must protect the vulnerable. As president, I will clear the nationwide rape kit backlog in my first term, ensure corporate bad actors are held accountable, and fight for victims’ rights.
My criminal justice plan will ensure incarcerated individuals are treated with dignity and aren’t criminalized for poverty. This includes ending money bail and fines that criminalize poor and low-income people, and ending the federal death penalty and solitary confinement.
We must build trust between law enforcement and the communities they are sworn to serve. As president, I’d set a national standard to use deadly force only as a last resort to ensure accountability.
It’s time to end mass incarceration. This includes legalizing marijuana, sentencing reforms, and abolishing private prisons. With the addition of job training and education, these actions will reduce crime and help build healthy communities.
My plan will transform our country’s broken criminal justice system by ending mass incarceration, holding law enforcement accountable, ensuring those in the system are given dignity, and getting profit out of the equation.
Throughout my career, I’ve fought to reform our criminal justice system. My work on re-entry and racial bias has been a model for others — but we must do more. Today, I'm proud to release my comprehensive plan for reform. 
Our brand-new OFFICIAL yellow  shirts will help you show your support, loud and proud. Get yours today → 
As president, I am prepared to take on pharmaceutical companies who are forcing Americans to turn to the black market for life-saving drugs.We are better than this. 
Tens of thousands of public servants asked for help getting out from under mountains of student debt and were offered a helping hand—only to have the rug pulled out from under them at the last minute. We owe them the loan forgiveness they were promised. 
Our campaign is about the people,  by the people. I could not do this without you. 
Trump stealing money from military families to pay for his border wall is nothing short of abhorrent. 
 Just before our NH Veterans and Military Families Presidential Forum this morning, unveiled a new plan to expan…
When my staff played the video from my town hall yesterday, it was upsetting. I didn’t hear the words the man used in that moment, but if I had I would’ve stopped and corrected him. I’m sorry. That word and others like it aren’t acceptable. Ever. 
As a young girl, I'd often go on walks with my grandfather in India, who'd discuss how people should be treated equally—regardless of the circumstances of their birth.My heritage is why I’m proud to launch our South Asians  community:  
My message is simple: We are stronger than this.We are better than this.And we are all in this together.
There is no more solemn duty for a commander-in-chief than taking care of servicemembers, veterans, and their families. As president, I will commit to expanding access to benefits to a half million veterans.
America is the largest single greenhouse gas emitter in history and we have an obligation to be a leader in the fight against climate change. As president, I will immediately rejoin the Paris Agreement and set a path forward to exceed those goals.
Yet again, Trump is turning his back on those fleeing great harm. This is immoral and a violation of our American values. 
There are about 2.3 million people in America’s prisons and jails. We know our system discriminates against low-income Americans and people of color. That’s why reforming our criminal justice system is the civil rights issue of our time. If you’re with me in this fight, sign on.
I’ve seen the flaws of our criminal justice system firsthand. It has hurt far too many people of color and low-income Americans. Enough. I just released a plan to end mass incarceration and increase accountability — if you’re with me, add your name.
There are about 2.3 million people in America’s prisons and jails. We know our system discriminates against low-income Americans and people of color. That’s why reforming our criminal justice system is the civil rights issue of our time. If you’re with me in this fight, sign on.
I’ve seen the flaws of our criminal justice system firsthand. It has hurt far too many people of color and low-income Americans. Enough. I just released a plan to end mass incarceration and increase accountability — if you’re with me, add your name.
In the aftermath of two mass shootings, high schoolers from Odessa and El Paso came together to show us the best of who we are. It's heartwarming—but it shouldn't have to be this way.It has never been more urgent that we take action on gun violence. 
In Iowa, experts estimate that 300 cases of cancer annually may be tied to drinking water. Many don't even test their wells for toxins because they can't afford to fix them anyway. We must protect frontline rural communities — my climate plan provides funding to do just that.
 How many more nations in ruins do we need to see?  
You asked, we answered! In the store by (extremely) popular demand...get your hands on OFFICIAL “For The People” yellow shirts →
This shouldn’t be a controversial statement: The United States must embrace hand-marked paper ballots.
 “I’ve lived here all my life. I pay taxes just like an American does. I work just like an American does.”Today marks two y…
My $10 trillion comprehensive climate plan will build a clean economy by 2045 and create millions of jobs. The work starts on day one of my presidency to ensure a thriving planet for future generations. 
Protecting consumer's privacy, especially children's privacy, is a serious matter. Those that don’t must pay the price. 
Walmart and Kroger are acting to address gun violence in our nation and ensure that people feel safe when they’re out in their communities. But we must go further. Mitch McConnell: How much longer must Americans wait for the Senate to act?
A society is judged based on how it treats children.  This Administration will be judged harshly. 
Dreamers grew up pledging allegiance to our flag—the only one they know. Yet two years ago, Trump tried to end DACA and deport Dreamers to a country they don’t even know.Dreamers deserve a path to citizenship. As president, I will take executive action to make that a reality.
Health care is personal to each of us. For me, that starts with my mother. Thank you, for the opportunity to sit down together.
Watch every second of this. Survivors will carry their trauma for the rest of their lives. We cannot allow them to suffer alone. Chanel, your strength is so inspiring. We are with you.
Mexico isn’t paying for Trump’s stupid border wall — we are. 
The climate plan I released today won’t just focus on the future of our planet: it will hold the fossil fuel industry and chemical companies accountable for their part in destroying our environment and harming the health and wellbeing of current and future generations.
Communities that have been disproportionately impacted by the climate crisis must be at the forefront of the solutions that we put forward. 
While everybody is distracted by Trump’s crazy tweets, he’s quietly undoing environmental regulations that were built over years to protect our environment.  
It is a false choice to say either you're in favor of the environment or a strong economy. That is a false choice. We can do both. 
This is a fight against powerful interests. Leaders need to lead. So my message to Republicans on this issue is this: Lead, follow, or get out of the way.  
If Republicans continue to block progress, I’ll get rid of the filibuster to pass a Green New Deal. 
On Day One, I’d declare a drinking water emergency, get back in the Paris Agreement, and end any fossil fuel lease on public lands. 
Our planet is our future. We can’t wait. We need to safeguard it NOW. I’ve unveiled a bold and pragmatic solution to the existential problem this country faces. Sign on now &gt;&gt;
I will rejoin the Paris Accords immediately. That’s just the first step, though. My climate plan holds corporate polluters accountable and seeks climate justice. Sign on now &gt;&gt;
Our planet is our future. We can’t wait. We need to safeguard it NOW. I’ve unveiled a bold and pragmatic solution to the existential problem this country faces. Sign on now &gt;&gt;
I will rejoin the Paris Accords immediately. That’s just the first step, though. My climate plan holds corporate polluters accountable and seeks climate justice. Sign on now &gt;&gt;
I will rejoin the Paris Accords immediately. That’s just the first step, though. My climate plan holds corporate polluters accountable and seeks climate justice. Sign on now &gt;&gt;
I will rejoin the Paris Accords immediately. That’s just the first step, though. My climate plan holds corporate polluters accountable and seeks climate justice. Sign on now &gt;&gt;
I will rejoin the Paris Accords immediately. That’s just the first step, though. My climate plan calls holds corporate polluters accountable and seeks climate justice. Sign on now &gt;&gt;
Rising global temperatures means more fuel for natural disasters like hurricanes, wildfires, and coastal erosion. I’ve faced these challenges and won in court, and my climate plan is possible.  Sign on now &gt;&gt;
Our planet is our future. We can’t wait. We need to safeguard it NOW. I’ve unveiled a bold and pragmatic solution to the existential problem this country faces. Sign on now &gt;&gt;
I will rejoin the Paris Accords immediately. That’s just the first step, though. My climate plan calls holds corporate polluters accountable and seeks climate justice. Sign on now &gt;
Rising global temperatures means more fuel for natural disasters like hurricanes, wildfires, and coastal erosion. I’ve faced these challenges and won in court, and my climate plan is possible.  Sign on now &gt;&gt;
Our planet is our future. We can’t wait. We need to safeguard it NOW. I’ve unveiled a bold and pragmatic solution to the existential problem this country faces. Sign on now &gt;&gt;
I will rejoin the Paris Accords immediately. That’s just the first step, though. My climate plan calls holds corporate polluters accountable and seeks climate justice. Sign on now &gt;&gt;
The climate threat is great, but so is our opportunity. Together, we can improve America’s health ; create millions of new clean jobs, while restoring our global leadership on this issue.Tune in to at 6:20 p.m. ET tonight to learn more about my Climate Plan For the People.
Here are a number of ways you can help those in the Bahamas who are affected or displaced by Hurricane Dorian.
South Carolina farmers still recovering from prior hurricanes are now bracing for Hurricane Dorian. The devastating effects of climate change are being felt by families right now and require us to take action immediately.
Rising global temperatures means more fuel for natural disasters like hurricanes, wildfires, and coastal erosion. I’ve faced these challenges and won in court, and my climate plan is possible.  Sign on now &gt;&gt;
This is wrong. A Trump appointee pushed to expand drilling in Alaska when he was in the — now he’s profiting off of it. 
It's common sense: If you fail a background check, you shouldn't be able to get your hands on a gun. As president, I will executive action to put in place the most comprehensive background checks in history.
For too many, healthy air ; water have become unattainable luxuries as a result of environmental injustice.We saw it in Flint, MILowndes County, ALDenmark, SCUnacceptable. My climate plan will ensure these communities aren’t left behind in our fight to stop climate change.
Every day, plays a role in making sure we’re giving all Americans the opportunity to build a better life for their family. This fight is personal. We're proud to announce the launch of APIAs for the People. Join us→  
  Climate Plan for the People centers her efforts to achieve a carbon neutral economy by 2045 on advancing rac…
From families devastated by hurricanes in the South and the East to farmers facing flooding in the Midwest to firefighters battling wildfires in the West, one thing is clear: we need bold, direct action to combat the climate crisis. Now. Read my plan.
My climate plan will:✅Seek justice for communities most impacted by climate change✅Hold polluters accountable✅Build a clean economy that creates jobs✅Reassert American leadership in this global fight
The climate crisis is an existential threat that demands bold action. My climate plan will take on powerful interests and build a clean economy, create millions of jobs, and guarantee every person’s right to breathe clean air and drink clean water.
The lack of basic hygiene items offered to young girls in detention camps is degrading and absolutely appalling. No person deserves to be treated this way. 
The future of our nation rests in the hands of our teachers. And too many teachers are leaving the profession because they can’t make ends meet. We need to give them a raise and pay them their value.
 Here are two important telephone numbers to keep handy as  approaches our coast. Both are staffed 24/7. Public…
Absolutely devastating footage coming out of the Bahamas. They will need our support as the hurricane passes and recovery efforts begin. 
A postal worker. A father of three daughters. A man visiting his parents. A former math teacher. A high school student who had just celebrated her quinceañera. These are some of the seven victims who lost their lives in Texas over the holiday weekend. 
I’ve been a champion of labor throughout my career. As San Francisco’s DA, I prosecuted companies that stole worker wages and put their safety at risk. As CA’s Attorney General, I fought to defend public sector labor unions against attacks. I’ll continue that fight as president.
I support the right of public educators to join a union, and bring the fight for student needs and better pay to cities and state capitals across America. It’s about time our teachers got the support they deserve to teach the next generation of leaders.
This Labor Day, I joined union members at a rally in Los Angeles to fight for fair labor practices, better wages, and quality health care. Together we can ensure working people have the dignity that they deserve. 
Devastating disaster near Santa Cruz Island. My heart goes out to the passengers, crew, first responders, and their families. 
 Tropical-storm-force winds are mostly likely to start in Georgia early on Wednesday, in South Carolina late Wednesday, an…
Unions built the middle class, and we are strongest when our unions are strong. When I'm president, labor will always have a seat at the table. 
 Follow evacuation orders and do not wait to leave. FHP is closely monitoring traffic and weather conditions on the road. High w…
This  it’s critical we remember that labor has lifted up working Americans. It’s because of them we have better wages, safer working conditions, and a five-day workweek. When I’m in the White House, workers won’t have to fight alone.
The has bought the president and hand-picked a Congress that turns a blind eye to the gun violence epidemic happening in our nation. They gotta go. Vote.
Can’t wait to take the debate stage for the third time on Thursday, September 12. Supporters like you are gathering in their communities to host debate watch parties across the country. We’ll give you everything you need to make the event a success. 
One day after more than 20 people were shot in Odessa, the state of Texas has a new slate of laws going into effect that loosen gun restrictions. Local elections matter. 
I’m fed up with Congress’ inaction on gun violence. What’s happening in our nation isn’t normal. I have a plan to combat these tragedies. We owe it to every victim, survivor, and our communities to act. 
When we lift each other up, we all succeed.
I’m heartbroken for the families of the victims in the Odessa and Midland shooting. Our children deserve a future without multiple mass shootings in one month. We need gun safety reform.
Keeping the Midland and Odessa community and the victims in my thoughts and prayers. Grateful to first responders who ran into harm's way. I’m sick of this. America is sick of this. We need to act.
Today is the last day to give before our critical August fundraising deadline. Together, we’re building something special — and every dollar makes a difference to reaching more voters across the country. Chip in now. 
Brazil's President Bolsonaro’s fanning the flames of the Amazon fires and weakening of regulations protecting Indigenous lands has put people there in harm’s way. 
Investing in our nation’s teachers shouldn’t be an afterthought. 
To everyone in the path of Hurricane Dorian: Now is the time to check on your neighbors and the elderly. Be sure to listen to local officials for information and potential evacuation orders. Stay alert. 
My AG office took on Corinthian Colleges and won $1 billion for defrauded veterans and students. Betsy DeVos is now making it harder for defrauded students to have their debt canceled. Who is she working for? 
When I’m on the campaign trail and a little girl comes up to me, I see myself. I see the children from my family. I see the children of our country. And I see our nation’s potential.
 Power outages and flooding can compromise the safety of your food. If you’re currently in the path of Hurricane Dorian,…
Diana told deputies and nurses she was experiencing contractions at least eight different times — yet they did nothing. She gave birth to her baby alone in her jail cell. The inhuman treatment of detained pregnant women cannot be ignored. 
Thurgood Marshall, one of the heroes and inspirations of my youth, was confirmed by the Senate to the Supreme Court on this day in 1967. Our nation is made better because of his work and presence. His legacy calls us to continue to be a voice for justice and truth. 
 As you prepare for  gather supplies for at least 7 days. In addition to food ; water, include:🧰 Hygiene items💊 Pre…
Our campaign is powered by teachers, nurses, firefighters, and hardworking Americans who believe in our values and have chipped in $5 when they can. Join them by giving today and help us get things done for working families.
 LESS THAN 2 DAYS TO PREPAREPreparation for  will be impossible after winds increase to Tropical Storm force ON SUNDAY. Wor…
 will bring integrity, experience, and courage to the office of the president. That's why I'm so proud to…
 Glad to have you on our team, Senator!
Inaccessibility and discrimination in health care, housing, education, technology, and transportation are all barriers people with disabilities face. It’s within our capacity to change that. 
Trump is poisoning our planet.The climate crisis is a direct threat to our nation, and the president is putting our future in the hands of climate change deniers, Big Oil, and corporations.
Congratulations on making the run-off! It's time for a new generation of leadership in Montgomery, one that is focused on inclusion, economic growth, and improving public education. I'm proud to endorse him for Montgomery mayor.
Just one in every 450 people who sees this ad will donate. Can you help us push that up to two in 450 right now by chipping in? This fall, we need to open more field offices, hire more staff, and spread our message across the country. With your help, we can.
Just one in every 450 people who sees this ad will donate. Can you help us push that up to two in 450 right now by chipping in? This fall, we need to open more field offices, hire more staff, and spread our message across the country. With your help, we can.
With Labor Day approaching, fundraising is notoriously hard at the end of August. We’re pushing through and reaching out to ask for a donation right now to help us reach our goal of $500,000. Will you become a donor before the End-of-Month Deadline?
With Labor Day approaching, fundraising is notoriously hard at the end of August. We’re pushing through and reaching out to ask for a donation right now to help us reach our goal of $500,000. Will you become a donor before the End-of-Month Deadline?
Start your Friday off right and watch this pep talk. 
Inaccessibility and discrimination in health care, housing, education, technology, and transportation can all adversely affect the lives of people with disabilities — and we’re not talking about it nearly enough on the national stage. We can change that. 
 Residents should have 7 days of supplies in preparation of hurricane  A stocked supply kit has water, nonperishable foo…
My plan for Medicare for All will ensure that when families move, or people with disabilities change jobs, their coverage can move with them so that they have uninterrupted access to the critical care and services they need.
Incredible news. Thank you for investing in our students at a time when rising tuition costs are saddling them with mountains of debt. When our nation's young people succeed, we succeed. 
 If you are in an area that might be affected by  this week, get ready now:✅ Have an evacuation plan✅ Follow local o…
When we ensure every American with disabilities is able to fully participate in our schools, workplaces ; all aspects of our communities, our country is stronger. My plan addresses these challenges so we can make full inclusion ; accessibility a reality.
Glad we got to chat, thank you for your support!
My plan for Americans with disabilities will:→Ensure housing and transit projects that receive federal funding are fully accessible→Eliminate the “subminimum” wage→Ratify U.S. participation in the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
 We are monitoring  from our Regional Response Coordination Center and have staff on the ground working closely with…
If you are in the anticipated path of Hurricane Dorian, now is the time to prepare. Officials are recommending having at least 7 days of supplies ready, including water, food, and medicine. 
At a time when we need urgent action to address the climate crisis, Trump is taking us backwards. Unlike this president, I’m on the side of protecting our planet for future generations — and will continue to do so in the White House.
Inclusive employment for Americans with disabilities remains one of the unfulfilled promises of the ADA and the fight to ensure civil rights for people with disabilities. I’m committed to changing that as president. 
As the Trump Administration continues to abandon programs and rules that serve the more than 60 million Americans living with disabilities, I’m prepared to strengthen and expand economic opportunity. 
My friend was only 23 when he spoke at the March on Washington. As he showed 56 years ago and still does today, you can make  at any age. 
On this day in 1955, Emmett Till was abducted and brutally murdered. He was only 14 years old.The hatred, racism, and white supremacy that killed Emmett is still pervasive in 2019. His memory is a reminder that our fight continues. 
My heart aches for these families. Combating gun violence won’t just help prevent mass shootings — it will make sure all our babies come home at night to their families. 
My friend is a brave voice on some of the most critical issues facing our country today — from childcare to sexual assault. She is a champion and I know she’s not done fighting for women and families everywhere.
I drove across Iowa, meeting with people all over the state and listening to their ideas and concerns. One thing is clear: we all have so much more in common than what separates us. 
Women have long been left out of the history books, but you should know Anna Arnold Hedgeman and Daisy Bates. Anna played a key role in organizing the March on Washington and because of her, Daisy spoke at the march.
Pharmaceutical companies have long been in the business of prioritizing profit over public health. No one should be up at 3AM worrying how they'll pay for their prescription drugs. That will change when I’m president.These drug companies must set fair prices—or pay the price.
Donald Trump is dangling pardons for subordinates who would break the law to build his vanity project on the southern border. Let's be honest here: Trump is a lawless president.
On the anniversary of the March on Washington we remember a Dream not yet fulfilled and the voices that must be heard. We must continue this fight for jobs, equality, the right to vote, and freedom. We stand on the shoulders of a legacy that forever reminds us we shall overcome.
America has the highest maternal mortality rate in the developed world, which disproportionately affects Black women.Our nation has neglected their well-being for far too long. My Maternal Care Act would address biases that exist in our health care system to combat this crisis.
It’s been 23 days since 31 people were murdered in 2 mass shootings. Gun safety may be off the front pages, but I haven’t forgotten. Trump and McConnell need to do the right thing and take action.
 'Everything is at stake.'Health care activist who is dying of ALS, will challenge the top 2020 candidates in…
President Bolsonaro has actively encouraged the Amazon fires and rejected help from the G7 to combat them. Trump just pledged his full support to Bolsonaro. At a time when the planet depends on American leadership, Trump has failed.
Because of high housing costs, over half of South Carolina renters come up short on their basic needs — like putting food on the table and paying for gas. My Rent Relief Act would help ease the housing crisis in our nation. 
No one said this was going to be easy, but fighting for higher teacher pay, economic justice, and Medicare for All is worth it. Pitch in $5 before our end-of-month fundraising deadline. 
Colorful. Vibrant. Joyful. Unapologetic. Powerful. How could you not love 
Our teacher pay plan would give the average public school teacher a $13,500 raise. In many places, that’s about a year’s worth of mortgage payments. Money for groceries. A significant dent in student loan debt.It’s time we invested in our teachers like they’ve invested in us.
The phrase “identity politics” is used to marginalize the significance of a topic, to quiet us down, or shut us up.But here’s the truth: Where we stand on important issues — everything from the racial wealth gap to equal pay — is about America's identity.
Big Pharma unleashed an opioid crisis that touches every community in our nation — often with devastating consequences. They should be held accountable.
Every single donation matters in this election. This is our last End-of-Month Deadline before we head into this fall’s sprint toward the primaries and caucuses next year. Will you chip in now to give us the momentum we need to build out our campaign to spread our message?
Every single donation matters in this election. This is our last End-of-Month Deadline before we head into this fall’s sprint toward the primaries and caucuses next year. Will you chip in now to give us the momentum we need to build out our campaign to spread our message?
Every single donation matters in this election. This is our last End-of-Month Deadline before we head into this fall’s sprint toward the primaries and caucuses next year. Will you chip in now to give us the momentum we need to build out our campaign to spread our message?
Every single donation matters in this election. This is our last End-of-Month Deadline before we head into this fall’s sprint toward the primaries and caucuses next year. Will you chip in now to give us the momentum we need to build out our campaign to spread our message?
Every single donation matters in this election. This is our last End-of-Month Deadline before we head into this fall’s sprint toward the primaries and caucuses next year. Will you chip in now to give us the momentum we need to build out our campaign to spread our message?
Every single donation matters in this election. This is our last End-of-Month Deadline before we head into this fall’s sprint toward the primaries and caucuses next year. Will you chip in now to give us the momentum we need to build out our campaign to spread our message?
Every single donation matters in this election. This is our last End-of-Month Deadline before we head into this fall’s sprint toward the primaries and caucuses next year. Will you chip in now to give us the momentum we need to build out our campaign to spread our message?
Every single donation matters in this election. This is our last End-of-Month Deadline before we head into this fall’s sprint toward the primaries and caucuses next year. Will you chip in now to give us the momentum we need to build out our campaign to spread our message?
Every single donation matters in this election. This is our last End-of-Month Deadline before we head into this fall’s sprint toward the primaries and caucuses next year. Will you chip in now to give us the momentum we need to build out our campaign to spread our message?
Every single donation matters in this election. This is our last End-of-Month Deadline before we head into this fall’s sprint toward the primaries and caucuses next year. Will you chip in now to give us the momentum we need to build out our campaign to spread our message?
Every single donation matters in this election. This is our last End-of-Month Deadline before we head into this fall’s sprint toward the primaries and caucuses next year. Will you chip in now to give us the momentum we need to build out our campaign to spread our message?
Every single donation matters in this election. This is our last End-of-Month Deadline before we head into this fall’s sprint toward the primaries and caucuses next year. Will you chip in now to give us the momentum we need to build out our campaign to spread our message?
I started my career campaigning with an ironing board in front of grocery stores. Talking to one voter at a time. 
A record number of women serve in Congress today, but we're far from equal representation in government. Let's celebrate our progress and recommit to electing more women at every level of government — including the White House. 
Part of our strength as a nation is that, in our darkest moments, we fight for the best of who we are. We are facing one of those moments right now — and fight we will. Register people to vote. Attend a rally. Knock on doors. Make phone calls. It matters.
Dude's gotta go.
Joined my sisters today in observing the International Day of Prayer with worshippers at St. Joseph AME. It’s on all of us to work towards lasting peace, not just in our nation, but around the world.  
Scripture teaches us when we fight for justice, it is not only our justice, it is justice for our neighbor. 
Can't wait to watch! 
I was honored to join Rev. and his congregation today in celebration of the 150th anniversary of their church, St. Joseph AME. I am humbled to have his confidence and support as we head into the most consequential election of our lifetimes. 
It’s important to me that the diversity of our country is reflected in my team. When women are at the table, all of America benefits.
Hi Max, I hope I get to see you in North Carolina this weekend! 
Just a few of the broken promises from Trump being paid for by the American people.→Mexico is paying for the wall.→The tax cuts for the top 1% will pay for themselves.→Won't make cuts to Medicare. 
Our campaign is about empowering people to lift up others around them. I cannot thank our volunteers enough for their work, their energy, and for making our campaign possible. 
NEW in the store:  merch. Get yours now.
Look at this future AKA! 
Trump's reckless policies and actions are moving our economy toward another recession. We must stop him.
Teachers need school supplies and the resources to help students succeed — not guns.
As the Amazon burns, Brazil’s Trump-like President who let loggers and miners destroy the land isn’t acting. Trump must not seek a trade deal with Brazil until Bolsonaro reverses his catastrophic policies and addresses the fires. We need American leadership to save our planet.
Corporate abuse is rampant in America, which is why and I introduced legislation to take on banks that cheat consumers and homeowners with predatory practices. A must-read by Rep. Katie Porter and
Fighting back against the evils of white supremacy and violence is how we honor those who have lost their lives to domestic terrorism. And while it may not be easy, I know this is a fight that we will win.
Flu season is right around the corner. This is a public health crisis just waiting to happen. 
Brazil's President Bolsonaro must answer for this devastation. The Amazon creates over 20% of the world's oxygen and is home to one million Indigenous people. Any destruction affects us all. 
The current occupant of the White House ran on a slogan of Make America Great Again."Again" for whom? 
Nothing we have gained has been without a fight. 
No one should *ever* be fired because of who they are and who they love. We need a president who supports the Equality Act and we need her now. 
I’m done waiting around for Congress to get its act together while Americans are being slaughtered. As president, I will take executive action to require online gun sales platforms perform background checks. Nobody should be two mouse clicks away from buying a gun with no check.
Together in our campaign, we’re fighting for our values: affordable health care for everyone, common-sense gun safety reforms, equal pay for all, and a nation that works once again  Chip in today to help us win this thing.
This week, Trump said he's "seriously" considering ending birthright citizenship — a right guaranteed by the 14th Amendment.This type of attack isn't new, which is why I’ve been discussing this issue since 2010. We must fight back. 
When Trump cozies up to white supremacists and winks at suggestions of violence against Black and brown communities, he makes our country less safe.That ends when I’m president. 
I can tell you this: As president, I won’t be exchanging love letters with Kim Jong-un.
Enough meetings. We need a President who will take action.
As CA's Attorney General, I defended California’s landmark climate laws in court. My friend is now leading the charge in California to fight climate change and protect our environment. Trump can either get on board with our state and automakers, or move aside. 
18 days, 28 threats of mass violence. This is America. But we can change this. All it takes is the courage to act.
Black women are paid just 61 cents, on average, for every dollar paid to men. That equates to about $946,120 lost in a lifetime for a Black woman who works for 40 years. Corporations must be held accountable and close the gap. 
IOWA: We're hosting  Day events across your state today. Join us this evening for phone banking and learn more about our plan to hold corporations accountable for equal pay. 
This year,  Day is more than two weeks later than it was in 2018. When I am President we won’t get mad, we’ll get pay equity. 
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful husband, Thank you for always being patient, loving, and supportive. Love you, Dougie. 
With Mitch McConnell blocking pretty much every good idea in the book, taking back a Senate majority has never been more critical. can help us win one ; will be a fantastic U.S. Senator. So watch his video and chip in a few bucks if you can. 
Few leaders have done more to shine a light on the climate crisis than His voice will be missed in this primary but I know he will continue this fight.
Across the country, young people are at the forefront of the fights that will move our nation forward. I’m so excited to see our campaign expand to college campuses.
What is wrong with this guy?
All native communities must have protected access to the ballot box. Let’s pass the Native American Voting Rights Act to:✅Ensure Tribal IDs are sufficient to vote✅Create more satellite voting in Indian country✅Hire and train Tribal members as election workers
 Our patients come to us because they expect the best information and health care available. And we have a commitment to provide t…
This president should "seriously" consider reading the Constitution.
How does detaining families longer make our border secure or stop transnational gangs — things the DHS should actually be spending their time doing?It doesn’t. 
This July was the hottest month ever recorded on Earth. Glaciers are melting. Yet this Administration continues to deny climate change. Americans deserve leaders who will fight for our planet. I look forward to discussing the climate crisis at town hall September 4.
Trump isn’t in charge — the is.  
New stickers, buttons, and shirts—of, by, and for the people—in our campaign store now. 
Praying for the students and  surrounding community of Clark Atlanta University impacted by yet another act of senseless violence.
I'm proud to earn the endorsement of Mark Macarro, Tribal Chairman, Pechanga Band of Luiseño Indians. As President, I will stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our Native communities to solve the challenges they face ; ensure our nation respects the sovereignty of Tribal governments. 
As president, I will:→ Support the right of tribal self-governance→ Seek frequent and open dialogue with tribal leaders→ Bring back the Tribal Nations Summit at the White House
We must speak truth: The United States stole land from Tribes. 
Native communities are core to the American identity, yet our nation has failed to protect and respect them. In 2020, it’s critical we elect a new president who respects the sovereignty of Native tribes. 
As president, I will repeal Trump’s tax scam and give the middle class the most significant tax cut in generations.
 -;Thread: In addition to being the best candidate to take on this admin. ; constantly fighting 
In some rural communities, Planned Parenthood is the only place to get low-cost reproductive care — meaning people could suffer longer wait times, higher costs, and a lack of services because of Trump’s gag rule. It’s shameful. 
As California’s Attorney General, I stood up to the special interests that tried to destroy our environment — including oil companies like Chevron — and won. I know how to take on tough fights and get results. I’ll do the same as president.
In 99% of the counties in the United States, a full-time worker earning the minimum wage cannot afford the market rate for a one-bedroom apartment. It’s simply unacceptable. My Rent Relief plan would ease that burden and make housing affordable.
Medical bills are the main reason Americans go bankrupt in the United States. It’s absolutely shameful what our nation is doing to our citizens. We must pass my Medicare for All plan. 
Trump’s domestic gag rule is forcing Planned Parenthood out of Title X, limiting access to affordable birth control and critical reproductive care for millions of people. This is a disgrace. As president, I will undo this gag rule on my first day in office.
You don’t need a cape to be a superhero. 📹 
This decision does not bring Eric Garner back to his family and accountability across our justice system should not take five years. We need reform now. 
This weekend was the anniversary of the 19th Amendment — but we must remember many Black women and women of color were unable to exercise their constitutional right for decades. We still continue this fight to this day.
Happy first day of school, Bison! As this new school year starts, be sure to aim high and make the climb. At you can come as you are and leave as the person you aspire to be. Your Bison family will be with you every step.
Saddened to hear of the passing of former Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco. She was a tireless public servant and a trailblazer for women. Holding her family in my heart. 
One of the first things I will do when elected president is pass the LIFT Act and raise incomes for struggling families up to $500/month. It's time we made the economy work for everyone.
We must speak this truth: the very foundation of our country was built on the backs of enslaved people. The  print today in the Sunday a masterpiece from and her colleagues at 
Our bus tour stickers are going fast. Get yours before they’re gone. 
 Full House in LA for Camp Kamala!   
This baby girl needs her mother. The human rights abuses by our own government continue. When will it end? 
It’s been 99 years since the 19th Amendment was ratified. Yet the struggle to ensure everyone has equal access to the ballot box continues, especially for women of color. We need to expand early voting, have automatic voter registration, and make Election Day a national holiday.
They lied. The Trump tax scam was never about helping the American people, it was a massive giveaway to corporations and the wealthy. 
Greensboro: I’m headed your way next weekend for an organizing event! Who is ready to join us as we fight 
 Many thanks to super volunteers Jack and Laura for volunteering  with Meals on Wheels at the Jesse Cosby Ne…
Parents shouldn’t have to sit their children down and warn them that they might be a target because of the color of their skin. 
Guns shouldn't be a click away for any domestic terrorist with a laptop. The new executive action I announced this week will help close the online sales loophole. As president, I will act to keep guns out of the wrong hands.
The trauma being inflicted on these children will affect them for the rest of their lives. These reports must be investigated. 
This is the America I know.
Proud to stand in solidarity with nurses at who are fighting for patient safety and a safe workplace for their colleagues. A safe workplace, for both patients and those who care for them, is paramount.
I completely agree, Combatting climate change must include environmental justice and those disparately impacted by this crisis. We must act to protect all citizens and ensure no one is left behind in our fight to preserve the planet.
Under my plan for Medicare for All, we will cover millions who don’t have health insurance today and ensure no American will have to choose between getting the care they need and putting food on the table.
 Had a great time speaking to and over 100 activists about all our clean energy triumphs over the last 8 months. I’…
Each contribution you add—no matter what amount—makes it possible for our campaign to reach voters where they are and listen to them about the issues that are driving our campaign. 
Unless the courts intervene, Trump’s domestic gag rule will take money from limiting access to affordable birth control and critical reproductive care for millions of people. This would be devastating. I will undo this gag rule on my first day as President.
 Estoy orgullosa que hoy se lanza Camp Kamala en Español. En nuestra campaña, cada voz cuenta. Únete a Latinos  ho…
One way to fix this? Close the racial homeownership gap. As president, I’ll invest $100 billion to put homeownership within reach for up to 4 million families. 
Teachers go above and beyond their job for their students — past and present — every day. We need to pay them their value. 
Trump uses Twitter as a weapon to divide our country. 
The only way to truly protect our free and fair elections is by embracing hand-marked paper ballots nationwide. 
The  is a powerful and necessary reckoning of our history. We cannot understand and address the problems of today without speaking truth about how we got here.  
Yet again, Trump and this Administration are proposing weakening civil rights protections for people of color, the LGBTQ+ community, and women. Make no mistake, we will leave no one to fight alone. 
 Rep. Marcia Fudge endorsed Sen. Kamala Harris’ bid for president — giving the California Democrat a field-leading 10th endors…
The first DACA applications were accepted 7 yrs ago today; yet too many Dreamers still live their lives in limbo, afraid one day they’ll be kicked out of our country. When I’m president, I’ll take executive action to protect DACA recipients and put them on a path to citizenship.
 thank you for your leadership and your friendship on the campaign trail. I know whatever you do next, you will continue to serve the people and make our nation a better place for all.
I don't believe any nation should deny entry to elected Members of Congress, period. It’s an affront to the United States. Open and engaged foreign relations are critical to advancing U.S. interests. Trump is playing politics as he weakens our global leadership. 
 Rep. Marcia Fudge says she endorses Sen. Harris for president on think there's no one better to make the case…
42% of mass shooters show warning signs before committing their acts of violence.My new plan empowers law enforcement to keep guns out of the hands of domestic terrorists and perpetrators of hate crimes before they cause harm.
Incredibly honored to have support in this race. She is a national leader in the fight for quality public education, health care, and the needs of working families. Together we will build a nation that works 
What’s wrong with these guys?! 
For 84 years, Social Security has provided our nation’s seniors with a measure of protection from poverty. We must expand Social Security and strengthen it for generations to come. Everyone deserves to retire with dignity.
We can't sit around waiting for others to take action on gun violence. Doing nothing is not an option. 
Law enforcement across the country put their lives on the line every day for their communities. My thoughts are with the police officers who were shot in Philadelphia and my heart is with the city. 
Rape apologists have no place in Congress. Iowans deserve better than Steve King. Donate now to his opponent, 
 The  Unity Break reaching critical mass. Ahead of continued bargaining with for their 1st contract,…
Trump has inflamed domestic terrorism. I will confront it. Here's how→✅ Require background checks on online gun sales platforms✅ Block gun sales to those who make violent, hate-based threats online✅Commit $2 billion to investigate, disrupt ; prosecute domestic terrorists
Trump has done more to inflame domestic terrorism than confront it. When I’m in the Oval Office, I will take immediate action to combat this rising threat to our nation. 
It’s outrageous South Carolina Republicans are covertly fast-tracking a dangerous bill to ban abortions before most women even know they’re pregnant. This is why I'll require states with a history of violating Roe v. Wade to pre-clear any abortion law before it takes effect. 
I stand with the people of Hong Kong and affirm the fundamental right of all people to peacefully protest for their rights. The President of the United States should call for the same.
This is unconscionable. No one should ever have to fear getting a surprise medical bill in the mail a few weeks — or months — later. This will be reality under my plan for Medicare for All. 
Sexual assault survivors deserve justice. It’s why I’ve pledged to clear the rape kit backlog as president.
 I am excited to announce the launch of  a comprehensive initiative to staff, fund, and train voter protect…
We had such a great time on our Iowa trip that we turned our campaign bus into a sticker! Grab your FREE limited-edition sticker while supplies last. 
It’s going to take all of us working together to win this election. Can you chip in $1, $5, or whatever you can afford to ensure we can create a nation where teachers are paid their value, the economy works for everyone, and we lead by our values?
 While campaigning for in Las Vegas on Friday, took the time to meet w/ local climate change…
 A true  moment: the pure  of and Bob Dvorsky signing CTCs for Kamala and then immediately envelop…
No matter what you see coming from this White House, kindness and decency haven’t been forgotten. This is just one example I saw while traveling across Iowa. 
No one should have to deal with the sickness or loss of their loved one and have the fear of a hospital bill hanging over their head. 
 CA Playbook’s with a morning scooplet &gt;&gt; California State Senator Bob Wieckowski endorses That’…
I stand in solidarity with the airline catering workers who are protesting at HQ today for higher wages and affordable health care. One job should be enough to pay the bills.
Nearly 40% of Americans can’t cover a $400 emergency expense. A trip to the ER or a car repair shouldn’t upend your life or bankrupt you. My LIFT Act would raise incomes for working families by up to $500/mo.
Thank you Iowa for an incredible five-day bus tour! Can't wait to be back. 
I am so honored to have the endorsement of Excited to continue forward as we fight  
Trump’s vilified minorities and immigrants since the day he stepped down that escalator and announced his candidacy. Dude’s gotta go.
Overjoyed to meet son this weekend. Hope you got your corn dog, Brady! 
Trump's latest crackdown on immigration is part of his ongoing campaign to vilify a whole group of people. It's indefensible. No family should live in fear of feeding, housing, or caring for their kids. 
Trump's Interior Secretary is a former lobbyist for the oil and gas industry. Weakening the Endangered Species Act and clearing the way for new mining and drilling is incredibly harmful. We should be protecting our environment, not selling it off to the highest bidder. 
Dreamers like Iran Carlos motivate me to keep speaking up and fight for a pathway to citizenship. You are not alone. We are with you. 
Making history again. Congratulations to the incredible on nailing that triple-double!
Two years ago today, Heather Heyer was killed when hundreds of neo-Nazis gathered in Charlottesville.We must honor Heather by following her example. "Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.”
I met Matt yesterday who learned in March his rent would increase by ~70%, meaning less money for groceries ; medical expenses. My Rent Relief Act would help ease the anxiety of a rent increase ; guarantee people like Matt more money in their pockets.
 Lacona, IA 
This one was an easy choice. 
Iowa has made me a better candidate from my very first visit. Listening to teachers, immigrants, farmers, and families across the state has helped shape our campaign policies to ensure they make an impact on peoples' lives. 
This Administration's campaign of terror must end. 
Eid Mubarak to everyone celebrating  across the country and around the world.
Finally got my pork chop! 
After the devastating mass shooting in El Paso, a young boy named Ruben began the  to honor those killed. Inspired, Jayvaun and Mason started the  In the face of tragedy, our children are leading the way. 
 So honored to have the endorsement of Sue and Bob Dvorsky. They know Iowa better than anybody and they know what it takes to wi…
 "We have seen the worst of human tragedies. It is not like we are waiting for a good idea. All the good ideas have been had…
History is going to show that and all gun safety advocacy groups were the leaders who made change happen.  
Hey there, 
Trump didn't pull the trigger at El Paso last weekend, but he's certainly been tweeting out the ammunition.  
Trump made promises to farmers. He made promises to autoworkers. Then instead of keeping those promises, he betrayed them.  
No matter where you live in Iowa, or in another state, we all have so much more in common than what separates us. Thanks to everyone who came out to the Iowa State Fair and  today! 
Teachers don't need a gun — they need a raise. 
Some of my favorite moments from the Iowa bus tour are getting to meet the volunteers and organizers on the ground who are working day in and day out to make our campaign possible.  
 KAMALA on the soapbox 
Bob and have dedicated their lives to electing Iowa Democrats up and down the ballot and I could not be more honored to have them with us in this fight  
It’s been one long week since the El Paso mass shooting — the deadliest attack against the Latino community in recent American history. We need a president who doesn’t fan the flames of hate and division. 
While thousands of Americans are killed by gun violence, Republicans choose to do the bidding. The House has done its job and passed a bill requiring universal background checks — Mitch McConnell must bring the bill to the floor.
Proud to stand with and as they fight for Palms Casino Resort workers' right to a fair union contract. They should never have to fight for that basic right alone.
As children across our nation start to head back to school, I’m thinking about our teachers that are underpaid, undervalued, and overworked. That will change when I’m president. My teacher pay plan will give the average teacher a $13,500 raise.
Honored to kick off my Iowa Bus Tour yesterday with As a fierce advocate for people with disabilities, Alex helped ensure Morningside College was fully accessible. Thrilled to continue working with him as we build an America that works  
By now, we've all seen the footage of children crying for their parents to come home after the ICE raids in Mississippi. They need our help. Split a donation today between groups on the ground that are organizing support for impacted families ; children.
 SAN DIEGO COUNTY!SATURDAY MORNINGPlease Join in kicking off the build for Army SGT Daniel Casara. RS…
Michael Brown’s murder forever changed Ferguson and America. His tragic death sparked a desperately needed conversation and a nationwide movement. We must fight for stronger accountability and racial equity in our justice system.
These raids have separated hundreds of people from their families and are causing people in our country to be in fear—in particular, the Latino community. It shows a level of callousness that should not be a trait of the president of the United States. 
The president shouldn't create terror for people in their own country. 
"Babe, I just got shot in my head."No one should ever have to wake up in the middle of the night to a horrific call like this. Mitch McConnell should immediately reconvene the Senate for a vote to address our country’s gun violence epidemic.
 Honored to speak at Veteran's Roundtable in Nevada in support of for President! Senator Harris is progressive, b…
Trump's raids have caused widespread fear — particularly in the Latino community. It's insensitive and callous, especially after what happened in El Paso. 
I love it! 
Kiki Fantroy is at least the 13th Black transgender woman murdered this year. Transgender women are at risk. It’s on all of us to take a stand to combat transphobia in our country — lives are on the line.
See you there! Looking forward to discussing the executive actions I will take as president to keep people safe. 
My 3AM Agenda will address the issues that keep people up in the middle of the night. It includes:✏A $500 a month tax credit for the middle class✏Raising teacher pay✏Rent relief✏Equal pay✏Medicare for All✏Tackling gun violence
ICE deported a diabetic man who was raised in the United States to a country he never knew. Without access to insulin, and unable to speak the language, he died. The cruelty of this Administration knows no bounds. 
My entire campaign is about addressing the problems that keep you up at night. It’s why I have a “3AM Agenda” of bold actions to put more money in your pocket, get you access to health care, and keep your family safe from gun violence.Watch my new ad: 
These ICE raids are designed to tear families apart, spread fear, and terrorize communities. These children went to daycare and are now returning home without their parents because Trump wants to play politics with their lives. 
Your back-to-school shopping list shouldn’t have to include a bulletproof backpack. 
Imagine walking into a doctor’s office knowing they are in-network. Imagine not getting a surprise medical bill a few weeks later. Imagine a system where you know you’re covered. This would be a reality under my plan for Medicare for All. 
People are getting killed, and this President is turning a blind eye to America’s national security threats. 
It’s time we had a president that elevated public discourse instead of speaking to the lowest common denominator. 
Whether at a festival, place of worship, school, movie theater, or Walmart, you should always be able to feel safe. As president, I’ll give Congress 100 days to send gun safety legislation to my desk. If they refuse to act, I’ll take executive action to protect our communities.
A man taking his granddaughter shopping. A boy who loved soccer. An Army veteran. A husband and wife who died protecting their two-month-old.  These are just a few of the 22 victims of the El Paso shooting. My heart breaks for their loved ones. 
As president, I will take executive action to:→Revoke the licenses of gun manufacturers ; dealers that break the law→Require anyone who sells more than 5 guns/yr to run a background check on all gun sales→Ban the importation of AR-15-style assault weapons
Mass shootings don’t happen at this frequency anywhere else on the planet. They happen in America because our so-called leaders lack the courage to act. I’ve had enough. As President, if Congress fails to act, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe.
Bullets don’t distinguish between Republicans and Democrats. It’s been 160 days since the House passed a bill to strengthen background checks. Let’s get this bill passed. 
Too many people can’t afford to pay the bills with the rising costs of housing, health care, and life essentials. We should be lifting up middle-class families, not providing tax breaks to the top 1%. My LIFT Act would give working families the largest tax cut in a generation.
30 seconds. That was all it took for nine lives to be cut short in Dayton. 97% of Americans support universal background checks. Mitch McConnell: bring the House bill up for a vote. It’s time for us to lead. 
Today marks the anniversary of the Voting Rights Act being signed into law. We must restore the lost protections after the Supreme Court gutted it and actively work to ensure that all Americans have the right to vote, free of obstacles or barriers. 
 Proud to be part of this team, working for this leader, in this moment. Join us.   
Iowans in  deserve a leader in the House who will stand against hate in all forms. Glad to see is entering the race — we need more voices like yours as we fight for our America. 
 It was great to see you yesterday!
Nine people went to Downtown Dayton and never returned home. Megan.Nicholas.Thomas.Lois.Logan.Beatrice.Saeed.Monica.Derrick.Remember their names. Let’s honor them with action.
In the passing of Toni Morrison, we lost one of our greatest voices ; storytellers. Holding close those touched by her being ; her gift. Her work gave us power, hope ; freedom. While our world shines a little less bright today, we know "something that is loved is never lost."
If members of Congress don't have the courage to stand up to the they need to move over. 
Assault weapons are weapons of war. They are designed to kill a lot of people quickly. There is no reason they should exist on the streets of a civil society. As president, I'll take executive action to ban imports of AR-15-style assault weapons.
The gun violence epidemic is a national emergency and we must act now. I'm inspired by the Granite Staters who are organizing in their communities to prevent future tragedies.
Absolutely, we need to fight together to saves lives and end this national emergency once and for all. See you there! 
My friend and campaign manager said it best: we want everyone to join our campaign. We are proud to announce Latinos for the People. Join us as we continue to organize and fight   
Children should be sitting in a classroom learning, not worried someone might walk through the door carrying an assault weapon. 
I signed down-ballot pledge because it’s critical we support candidates up and down the ballot in all 50 states, invest in long-term infrastructure, and recruit candidates that reflect America’s diversity. 
We saw the worst of humanity this past weekend. But we also saw the strength of community. 
Gun violence is an epidemic. It impacts our communities every single day. Not just when the cameras are on and where headlines are focused. We need to act.
Gilroy, California.El Paso, Texas.Dayton, Ohio. Let’s speak truth: Gun violence is a national emergency in our country.
We don't lack good ideas when it comes to gun safety reforms — people lack the courage to act. That's why, when elected president, I'm prepared to take executive action and save lives. 
Trump has emboldened white nationalism across our country. He needs to go. 
Thoughts and prayers aren't enough — we need action. Split a contribution today between and who are actively working to end this public health emergency.  
I know we are full of faith in the promise of tomorrow, but I also know that to get to tomorrow, we must fight today.Honored to spend the morning with worshipers at Victory Baptist Church in Las Vegas, who understand the importance of speaking up and speaking out against hate. 
Students practicing mass shooting drills don’t care what party you’re in. They want action. 
We must call these mass shootings exactly what they are: domestic terrorism. 
According to authorities, 9 people were killed and 26 were injured in the Dayton shooting. It lasted less than a minute.Less than a minute.We cannot remain idle and allow this level of carnage to ravage our communities. We need courage. We need to act.
My message to the president on gun violence. 
We shouldn't have to live in fear of mass shootings. Congress must have the courage to pass reasonable gun safety laws. If they won't act, I will. 
 Blood needed urgently. Multiple injured transported to various hospitals. Blood donation centers Vitalent Blood Services at 4…
Last week it was Gilroy. Today it’s El Paso. How can our country tolerate this? My prayers are yet again with families who are grieving and my thanks are with the first responders, but that is not enough. We must act.
Holding all those affected by the sea bluff collapse in Encinitas in my thoughts. Grateful for those who stepped in — first responders and bystanders alike — to help those in need.
The average teacher spends nearly $500 of their own money on school supplies for their students. It doesn’t have to be like this. We should provide teachers the tools and resources they need to educate our kids. 
Last month was the hottest in recorded history, breaking national temperature records and melting billions of tons of ice in Greenland. The climate crisis is real. We need a president who acknowledges the threat and is ready to take action to preserve our planet.
It’s time we call what is happening to our planet what it is: a crisis. We’re experiencing a climate crisis. And we must act now. 
 Proud to be PRO-CHOICE.
On the weekend of August 17, supporters across the nation are organizing in their communities during a Weekend of Action. Can you help us out by hosting an event? We’ll give you all the tools you need to have a great time and meet supporters in your area.
Commissioner O’Neill: fire Officer Pantaleo. The Garner family has been waiting five years for justice and it's time they got it.
Alicia, Christopher ; George survived the deadliest mass shooting in modern history. They just survived another. This isn't the first time gun violence survivors have lived through multiple shootings.Unless we elect a president with the courage to act, it won’t be the last. 
Today I was honored to spend the day with Delores as part of  After workers at her job went on strike for higher wages, they won $15/hour. But still, her company is denying them the right to join a union. This is wrong. Workers deserve that basic right. 
We all watched the Mueller testimony. I read the report. There are 10 clear incidents of obstruction of justice. No one — not even the president — is above the law.
I’m glad survivors in Wisconsin are finally getting the justice they deserve. As California’s Attorney General, I cleared the rape kit backlog. I introduced a plan to do this nationwide — at an annual cost that’s less than what taxpayers have spent on Trump’s golf trips. 
 Four years after I lost my mother at Mother Emanuel, I'm proud to endorse for President.She is the only candi…
“My baby has not eaten a full meal in 15 days. I am very worried and don't know what to do.”These reports from the border are absolutely horrific. No person should be treated this way.
It’s because of teachers like Mrs. Wilson that I laid out a plan to make the largest investment in teachers in American history, giving the average teacher a $13,500 raise.
We’re facing a climate crisis. We need a Green New Deal that ensures no communities are left behind, that achieves carbon neutral energy by 2030, and creates good-paying jobs for the future. We can’t wait.
 ANOTHER post-debate endorsement for Longtime  activist and Seacoast grassroots leader
Trump has a fragile ego. He doesn't understand that a sign of strength is not who you beat down, it's who you lift up. This president doesn't get that — I do. 
We have a predator living in the White House. We need someone on the debate stage next year who can prosecute the case against four more years of this Administration.  
Trump has mega-donors, huge corporations, and dark-money PACs willing to cut blank checks to buy him four more years in power. We have you. Help us win this.  
I hope I made you proud during the debate. I’m fired up. If you’re with me, let’s show them all the energy and power of our grassroots support. Pitch in anything you can to help keep up the momentum.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. If you’re with me in this fight, I need you to make an investment in our campaign right now. Please, make a donation of $1, $5, or whatever you can, to help keep up the momentum.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. I’m fired up. If you’re with me, let’s show them all the energy and power of our grassroots support. Pitch in anything you can to help keep up the momentum.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. If you’re with me in this fight, I need you to make an investment in our campaign right now. Please, make a donation of $1, $5, or whatever you can, to help keep up the momentum.
This election is about so much more than philosophical or hypothetical arguments. It’s about laying out an agenda that will help real families. That’s what I did on the debate stage. I hope you like what you heard. Will you add your name as a supporter of our campaign? Thank you.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
This election is about so much more than philosophical or hypothetical arguments. It’s about laying out an agenda that will help real families. That’s what I did on the debate stage. I hope you like what you heard. Will you add your name as a supporter of our campaign? Thank you.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
  is the first candidate in this round of debates to bring up repealing the Hyde Amendment! 👏👏👏 
No one is above the law, not even the president of the United States.  
 Thank you, for bringing up the Hyde Amendment.For far too long, the United States has penalized low-income peop…
The Hyde Amendment has punished low-income women and women of color for too long.  
 We need equal pay now. 
I’ve been firm in my stance on the Hyde Amendment: It must be repealed. 

The burden shouldn't be on women to prove they're being discriminated against. Corporations should prove they're providing equal pay for equal work. And if they're not, I will personally hold them accountable. 
Trump has done nothing except beat people down. It's time for a president who lifts people up.  
Trump said he would help farmers and rural communities, but instead he's enacted a Trump Trade Tax — and now we have farmers with soybeans rotting in bins and auto workers who may be out of their job by the end of the year. Enough. 
How many more communities need to go without clean water before we act? Enough. I introduced the Water Justice Act with Flint's Congressman Dan Kildee because every American deserves the right to clean water. 
Climate change is an existential threat. We currently have a president in the White House who obviously does not understand the science. Trump thinks wind turbines cause cancer, but, in fact, they cause jobs. 
 Under Trump’s reign, hate crimes are on the rise, police brutality is ongoing, and white supremacist attacks are rampa…
As Attorney General, my Department of Justice became the first statewide agency to mandate body cameras and launched the first implicit bias program in the country. I've spent my career working to reform the criminal justice system. 
I'm prepared to march with you to fight for the best of who we are and to successfully prosecute the case against four more years of Trump.  
You know who says Medicare for All is a "good idea"? Barack Obama.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
This election is about so much more than philosophical or hypothetical arguments. It’s about laying out an agenda that will help real families. That’s what I did on the debate stage. I hope you like what you heard. Will you add your name as a supporter of our campaign? Thank you.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
This election is about so much more than philosophical or hypothetical arguments. It’s about laying out an agenda that will help real families. That’s what I did on the debate stage. I hope you like what you heard. Will you add your name as a supporter of our campaign? Thank you.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
This election is about so much more than philosophical or hypothetical arguments. It’s about laying out an agenda that will help real families. That’s what I did on the debate stage. I hope you like what you heard. Will you add your name as a supporter of our campaign? Thank you.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. I’m fired up. If you’re with me, let’s show them all the energy and power of our grassroots support. Pitch in anything you can to help keep up the momentum.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. If you’re with me in this fight, I need you to make an investment in our campaign right now. Please, make a donation of $1, $5, or whatever you can, to help keep up the momentum.
This election is about so much more than philosophical or hypothetical arguments. It’s about laying out an agenda that will help real families. That’s what I did on the debate stage. I hope you like what you heard. Will you add your name as a supporter of our campaign? Thank you.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. I’m fired up. If you’re with me, let’s show them all the energy and power of our grassroots support. Pitch in anything you can to help keep up the momentum.
This election is about so much more than philosophical or hypothetical arguments. It’s about laying out an agenda that will help real families. That’s what I did on the debate stage. I hope you like what you heard. Will you add your name as a supporter of our campaign? Thank you.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
This election is about so much more than philosophical or hypothetical arguments. It’s about laying out an agenda that will help real families. That’s what I did on the debate stage. I hope you like what you heard. Will you add your name as a supporter of our campaign? Thank you.
This election is about so much more than philosophical or hypothetical arguments. It’s about laying out an agenda that will help real families. That’s what I did on the debate stage. I hope you like what you heard. Will you add your name as a supporter of our campaign? Thank you.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
This election is about so much more than philosophical or hypothetical arguments. It’s about laying out an agenda that will help real families. That’s what I did on the debate stage. I hope you like what you heard. Will you add your name as a supporter of our campaign? Thank you.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
This election is about so much more than philosophical or hypothetical arguments. It’s about laying out an agenda that will help real families. That’s what I did on the debate stage. I hope you like what you heard. Will you add your name as a supporter of our campaign? Thank you.
This election is about so much more than philosophical or hypothetical arguments. It’s about laying out an agenda that will help real families. That’s what I did on the debate stage. I hope you like what you heard. Will you add your name as a supporter of our campaign? Thank you.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. If you’re with me in this fight, I need you to make an investment in our campaign right now. Please, make a donation of $1, $5, or whatever you can, to help keep up the momentum.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
If we fight together and win this election, we can enact the real change the American people are hungry for. If you believe in what America CAN be, I’m calling on you to support our campaign right now and add your name to our list of supporters.
I hope I made you proud during the debate. I’m fired up. If you’re with me, let’s show them all the energy and power of our grassroots support. Pitch in anything you can to help keep up the momentum.
This election is about so much more than philosophical or hypothetical arguments. It’s about laying out an agenda that will help real families. That’s what I did on the debate stage. I hope you like what you heard. Will you add your name as a supporter of our campaign? Thank you.
These immigrant children at the border have not committed crimes and should not be treated like criminals.  
There's no excuse for a Democrat to be running for president with a plan that does not cover everyone. My plan covers everyone. Period.  
The bottom line is this: We must agree that access to health care must be a right and not just a privilege for those who can afford it. 30 million people are going without access to health care.The cost of doing nothing is far too expensive. 

Under my Medicare for All plan:✅You can go to the doctor and know you’re covered✅No one can be denied care for a pre-existing condition✅Wall Street, corporations and the top 1% will bear the brunt of the cost✅You can change jobs and your health coverage goes with you
Here we go. 
As our team gears up for the second  tonight at 8 p.m. ET, has a critical question for you: Can you chip in now before the debate?  
Drug companies have jacked up prices so much that 3 in 10 Americans can’t afford to take their medication as directed. Under my People Over Profit plan, we’ll require Big Pharma to set fair prices and tax profits made from price-gouging patients at 100%.
In tonight’s debate, Kamala’s proving yet again why she should be our next President. While she’s on stage, we (her campaign team!) promised to try and find as many supporters of her campaign as possible to grow our campaign in the coming months. Will you join us?
In tonight’s debate, Kamala’s proving yet again why she should be our next President. While she’s on stage, we (her campaign team!) promised to try and find as many supporters of her campaign as possible to grow our campaign in the coming months. Will you join us?
While Kamala’s on the debate stage tonight, we promised we’d do our best to collect as many signatures as possible in favor of her candidacy for President. Will you add yours?
While Kamala’s on the debate stage tonight, we promised we’d do our best to collect as many signatures as possible in favor of her candidacy for President. Will you add yours?
In tonight’s debate, Kamala’s proving yet again why she should be our next President. While she’s on stage, we (her campaign team!) promised to try and find as many supporters of her campaign as possible to grow our campaign in the coming months. Will you join us?
While Kamala’s on the debate stage tonight, we promised we’d do our best to collect as many signatures as possible in favor of her candidacy for President. Will you add yours?
In tonight’s debate, Kamala’s proving yet again why she should be our next President. While she’s on stage, we (her campaign team!) promised to try and find as many supporters of her campaign as possible to grow our campaign in the coming months. Will you join us?
While Kamala’s on the debate stage tonight, we promised we’d do our best to collect as many signatures as possible in favor of her candidacy for President. Will you add yours?
While Kamala’s on the debate stage tonight, we promised we’d do our best to collect as many signatures as possible in favor of her candidacy for President. Will you add yours?
In tonight’s debate, Kamala’s proving yet again why she should be our next President. While she’s on stage, we (her campaign team!) promised to try and find as many supporters of her campaign as possible to grow our campaign in the coming months. Will you join us?
In tonight’s debate, Kamala’s proving yet again why she should be our next President. While she’s on stage, we (her campaign team!) promised to try and find as many supporters of her campaign as possible to grow our campaign in the coming months. Will you join us?
In tonight’s debate, Kamala’s proving yet again why she should be our next President. While she’s on stage, we (her campaign team!) promised to try and find as many supporters of her campaign as possible to grow our campaign in the coming months. Will you join us?
While Kamala’s on the debate stage tonight, we promised we’d do our best to collect as many signatures as possible in favor of her candidacy for President. Will you add yours?
While Kamala’s on the debate stage tonight, we promised we’d do our best to collect as many signatures as possible in favor of her candidacy for President. Will you add yours?
In tonight’s debate, Kamala’s proving yet again why she should be our next President. While she’s on stage, we (her campaign team!) promised to try and find as many supporters of her campaign as possible to grow our campaign in the coming months. Will you join us?
While Kamala’s on the debate stage tonight, we promised we’d do our best to collect as many signatures as possible in favor of her candidacy for President. Will you add yours?
In tonight’s debate, Kamala’s proving yet again why she should be our next President. While she’s on stage, we (her campaign team!) promised to try and find as many supporters of her campaign as possible to grow our campaign in the coming months. Will you join us?
While Kamala’s on the debate stage tonight, we promised we’d do our best to collect as many signatures as possible in favor of her candidacy for President. Will you add yours?
While Kamala’s on the debate stage tonight, we promised we’d do our best to collect as many signatures as possible in favor of her candidacy for President. Will you add yours?
In tonight’s debate, Kamala’s proving yet again why she should be our next President. While she’s on stage, we (her campaign team!) promised to try and find as many supporters of her campaign as possible to grow our campaign in the coming months. Will you join us?
It’s possible to cut emissions, end our reliance on fossil fuels, and ensure communities most impacted by the climate crisis aren’t left behind as we work towards a solution. 
I'm honored to have and Chairman of the Chumash Tribe Kenneth Kahn as my guests to the second  in Detroit. They’re all great leaders who care about the issues that keep people up at night.
Supporters in every state across the nation are tuning in tonight to watch the second  If you haven’t already, be sure to RSVP to join your neighbors for a debate watch party in your community.  
The courts ordered this Administration to stop separating children from their parents. They didn’t. This is morally wrong. We must take back the White House.  
How many more communities need to go without clean water before we act? Enough. I introduced the Water Justice Act because every American deserves the right to clean water. 
We’re not waiting for a good idea — we have good ideas. What’s missing is the courage to stand up to the As president, if Congress doesn't act, I'll take executive action to keep America safe.  
Too many Americans are forced to choose between life-saving medication and putting food on the table. Enough. Add your name to say you support my Medicare for All plan.
 I spent the last part of my Sunday with Darlene, canvassing the seniors home in Grinnell she lives in to get people to…
 THREAD: Reviews are in and Iowans agree that has hit the nail on the head with her Medicare for All plan ou…
 and are leaders on education, gun safety, and are members of the country's first female-majority legislature. Looking forward to standing alongside them as we fight for Nevada and the American people.
 A Green New Deal is more than switching to renewables.It’s about paying attention to frontline communities: everyday people whos…
In honor of President Johnson signing Medicare into law on this day in 1965, let's reaffirm our commitment and ensure all Americans have comprehensive health care. I was proud to lay out my  plan this week so we can ensure everyone has access to the care they need.
Your stories have helped me develop my Medicare for All plan. Nothing is more personal than your health care.Share your health care story here and we'll highlight some throughout the week.  
When I’m president, the middle class and working Americans will not bear the brunt of the burden of paying for Medicare for All. It’s time we ask those at the very top and on Wall Street to start contributing more to America’s health.
Right now, the U.S. spends $3.5 trillion a year on health care. If we do nothing over the next decade, that number will skyrocket to an estimated $6 trillion. We can’t afford the status quo. That’s why I’ve proposed my Medicare for All plan.
 This campaign isn’t just  it’s by the people. Shout-out to our incredible volunteers for hosting their own…
Mass shootings keep happening in our country. It’s tragic. We need a president who will take action to ensure no other family experiences this type of deep pain. 
  “Medicare for All” plan recognizes that working people should not have to sacrifice wages for better healthcare…
Imagine changing jobs and not having to worry about your health care coverage. Imagine going to the pharmacy and not having to worry about an outrageous price increase on the prescription drug you need. This is possible with my Medicare for All plan.
My Medicare for All plan will provide health care for every American, while protecting families making less than $100,000 from higher taxes. We must act now. 
In our America, health care should be a right, not a privilege only for those who can afford it. My Medicare for All plan will make sure cost is not a barrier to care. 
7 million people have lost their health insurance during Trump’s presidency.21 million are at risk of losing coverage as this Administration and Republicans try to overturn the Affordable Care Act in the courts.My Medicare for All plan ensures all Americans are covered.
 BREAKING: Harris puts forward a credible plan to cover all Americans that is a mix of ideology ; pragmatism.Democratic plan…
My Medicare for All plan will cover:✅Trips to the ER✅Doctor visits✅Vision✅Dental✅Hearing aids✅Mental health✅Substance abuse treatment✅Comprehensive reproductive health care
 has spent his life fighting for what's right and working to improve our nation, even in the face of hate. It's shameful, yet unsurprising that Trump would continue to attack those who have done so much for our country.
Today, I’m announcing my Medicare for All plan. We’ve reached a crisis point for health care in America and it’s time we finally fix this broken system for good.
Simply horrific. I'm grateful to the first responders who are on the scene in Gilroy, and my thoughts are with that community tonight. Our country has a gun violence epidemic that we cannot tolerate. 
As teachers prepare to go back to school, many are asking friends and family to help fund classroom supplies — even digging into their own pockets to provide for their students. It shouldn’t be like this. Teachers must have the resources they need to do their jobs.
Denver, I’m headed your way for a rally on August 2. I look forward to laying out my vision for the future of our nation and listening to people about the issues that matter to them. RSVP now:
Student loan relief for Pell Grant recipients is just one component of our plan to reduce the opportunity gap for Black entrepreneurs—along with $12 billion in direct capital. We can ensure Black entrepreneurs have a real shot at starting small businesses. 
I want to thank everyone for your feedback and clarify some confusion. We have an opportunity gap in our country, and one thing we need to do is support Black entrepreneurs. I have a plan to do that on multiple fronts.
In 2016, I was proud to join two cases supporting transgender rights that opposed North Carolina’s hateful so-called “bathroom bill.” These laws only serve to attack transgender and non-binary people. As president, I will defend the dignity and rights of the trans community.
Your support means so much. Every contribution you give means we can hire more organizers on the ground and connect with undecided voters in targeted states. If you’re able, please consider donating today.
Powerful words from Victor Blackwell.
Two years ago, millions of Americans called, wrote letters, and organized together to save health care. Never forget: your actions make a difference. Our democracy is stronger when we raise our voices together.
Yesterday I announced that, as president, I’ll establish a student loan debt forgiveness program for Pell Grant recipients who start a business that operates for three years in disadvantaged communities. 
Unions brought us to the eight-hour workday, the five-day workweek, sick leave, and vacation time.Workers should never be made to fight for their case alone. They should be able to organize and stand together. 
 Working people should not have to choose between paying for medication or paying the rent. pledges to put “people o…
Nearly 1 in 4 Black Americans who earn bachelor's degrees in science and engineering graduate from HBCUs—yet HBCUs remain under-resourced across our country. Let’s ensure HBCUs have the resources to invest in STEM education and research.
I stand in solidarity with the hundreds of Alaska ferry workers who are currently on strike. Alaskans deserve safe transportation options and the Inland Boatmen's Union and its members deserve fair wages and safe working conditions.
 Huge thank you to for having our team join you at your Stuff the Bus event to organize and pack sch…
It’s time to legalize marijuana at the federal level. 
Our team has set an ambitious fundraising goal before next week’s debate and we need your help to reach it. Add a donation today of whatever amount is meaningful to you. Every contribution helps power the movement we’re building together.
I am proud our campaign headquarters is in Rep. Elijah Cummings' district. Baltimore has become home to my team and it's disgraceful the president has chosen to start his morning disparaging this great American city.
Sometimes Kyrah feels like she doesn’t belong. I have a message for her and anyone else that feels that way: you belong. 
I love being an auntie. Happy National Aunt ; Uncle’s Day! 
Congress did not appropriate these funds for Trump's medieval vanity project. Let's be clear: Trump's wall has never been about keeping the American people safe. 
On her podcast, asked me, “Do you think Donald Trump is afraid to debate you?” 
When elected president, I’ll invest $12 billion in Black entrepreneurs by increasing access to credit and capital through direct federal grants. Together, we can create opportunity for Black entrepreneurs to grow the small business engine of our economy.
Parents shouldn’t have to buy a bulletproof backpack for their child just to keep them safe at school. This shouldn’t be normal. I will take action to protect our kids.
Trump tells people to go back to where they came from. We're not going back. We're going to the White House. 
More than 4 in 5 Native American and Alaska Native women have experienced violence, and more than half have suffered sexual violence. We need to stop this. 
Today I’m excited to announce that as president, I will invest more than $70 billion in HBCUs and Black entrepreneurship. By taking these challenges on, we don’t just move Black America forward, we move all of America forward.
Congratulations, Thrilled to have you on the team fighting 
Twenty-nine years ago, the Americans with Disabilities Act was signed into law. We still have a lot of work to do to ensure that every American lives in a fully inclusive and accessible society. 
Health equity for Black women can only happen if we address persistent biases in our health system. That’s why I was the first to introduce a plan to tackle maternal mortality. As president, I’ll pass the Maternal CARE Act to help states to deliver high-quality care.
As president, I will give Congress 100 days to get their act together and pass reasonable gun safety laws. If they don’t, I will take executive action. Thoughts and prayers are not enough. We need action.
With resignation, Puerto Rico can now begin to move forward and heal. But let’s speak truth, Puerto Rico has been suffering long before the hurricanes of 2017 and recent corruption scandals.
Sov and his wife Jessica received a bill for over $540K for dialysis care. That's more than the cost of a typical kidney transplant. How many more people need to risk bankruptcy before we fix our broken system? 
We need equal pay now. 
Denver, I’m headed your way August 2 to share my vision for how we can solve the problems that keep Americans up at night. Hope to see you there!
Russia attacked our elections once and they will try again. So why won’t Mitch McConnell bring up our Secure Elections Act for a vote? 
  to Black America: "We need a president who understands Black history and American history are one and the same.…
The War on Drugs disproportionately impacted communities of color. My new bill would ensure that as marijuana becomes legal, people negatively affected by marijuana criminalization have a real opportunity to participate in this growing industry.
Today would have been Emmett Till’s 78th birthday. Yet his life was cut short when he was just 14. Lynching is still not considered a federal hate crime to this day. I have a bill to make it one. It's time we confronted this dark part of our nation's history and right this wrong.
This morning, the Department of Justice announced they would resume capital punishment. Let me be clear: capital punishment is immoral and deeply flawed. Too many innocent people have been put to death. We need a national moratorium on the death penalty, not a resurrection.
The federal minimum wage:April 1, 1990: $3.80April 1, 1991: $4.25October 1, 1996: $4.75 September 1, 1997: $5.15 July 24, 2007: $5.85 July 24, 2008: $6.55 July 24, 2009: $7.25 Ten years later ; the federal minimum wage hasn't moved from $7.25. This is why I 
I know a rap sheet when I see one. We are going to prosecute the case against four more years of the Trump Administration. 
It's wrong that people who were selling marijuana and are now felons for life are excluded from this industry. It's wrong, and it has to change. 
 “‘Yes, we know you’re the ninth Black Miss America...but why are we still counting? Do we need to still count?’” Franklin…
White supremacy is rising around the globe and it's past time we did something about it.
Sign our petition to urge Congress to begin impeachment proceedings against this President.
The Mueller Report and his testimony makes it clear: Congress must examine the evidence of obstruction as we consider impeachment of the President. I believe Congress ought to begin those proceedings, so we can pursue truth and accountability. Add your name if you agree.
After slashing taxes for wealthy corporations, the Trump Administration plans to gut nutritional assistance from millions of people who need our help the most. This is shameful. 
  "The current Attorney General misled the America people on the Mueller report. He was an intervening factor bet…
 "We must look in the mirror and ask ourselves a question. Who are we? We must fight for the best of who we are. This is n…
 "We have a predator living in the White House. And it is the nature of predators to prey on those they perceive to be vul…
People of color—especially Black and Latino men—are more likely to go to jail for a marijuana-related offense. It’s time we correct this injustice. My comprehensive bill is the first step. 
 Congratulations and Chloe!
Sign our petition to urge Congress to begin impeachment proceedings against this President.
The Mueller Report and his testimony makes it clear: Congress must examine the evidence of obstruction as we consider impeachment of the President. I believe Congress ought to begin those proceedings, so we can pursue truth and accountability. Add your name if you agree.
Sign our petition to urge Congress to begin impeachment proceedings against this President.
The Mueller Report and his testimony makes it clear: Congress must examine the evidence of obstruction as we consider impeachment of the President. I believe Congress ought to begin those proceedings, so we can pursue truth and accountability. Add your name if you agree.
Denali Berries Stuckey is at least the 12th Black trans women killed this year. We cannot ignore this violence. Transgender people deserve to live openly without fear.
Let’s speak an uncomfortable but honest truth: racism, sexism, anti-Semitism, homophobia, and transphobia are real in this country. They are age-old forms of hate with new fuel. And we need to speak that truth so we can deal with it.
 PFAS chemicals are polluting water supplies throughout New Hampshire. new legislation would direct the E…
Marijuana laws are not applied or enforced the same way for all Americans. We must expunge non-violent marijuana-related offenses from the records of those who have been arrested or incarcerated. It’s the right thing to do. 
The U.S. airline industry is booming, while airline catering workers are living with poverty wages and expensive health care. I stand with today at to ensure those who service America's flights earn their fair share.
Today I introduced a comprehensive marijuana reform bill that is the first step towards legalization. My bill will: ✅Decriminalize marijuana at the federal level ✅Expunge prior marijuana convictions ✅Use tax revenue from marijuana sales to help those w/ prior convictions
From coast to coast, from Flint to New Orleans, communities across our nation — particularly communities of color — lack access to clean water. My Water Justice Act will change that. 
 I’m proud to announce my campaign for Congress in TX-21! I’m running to be a voice for every Texan who feels forgotten by…
“I’m so hungry that I’ve woken up in the middle of the night with hunger. I’m too scared to ask the officials for any more food.”It’s horrific how this Administration treats children. 
We need a president with the courage to stand up to the gun lobby and pass reasonable gun safety laws, including universal background checks and a renewal of the assault weapons ban.
My 3 AM agenda would make a difference for every American — no matter who you are or where you live. ✅Give working families up to $500/mo ✅Invest in our teachers✅Hold corporations accountable for paying women fairly
Family is everything. 
Trump is attempting to pursue mass deportations by denying immigrants access to a lawyer or judge. It's vile, dangerous, and must be stopped. 
 My first CTC!!!! Officially an Iowa Organizer!!   
My thoughts are with Darren Parker's loved ones. I'm grateful for his dedication to lift up the voices of African-American leaders and ensure we have representation from the White House to the school house. May his life and legacy continue to inspire others to action.
My guilty pleasure? Doritos. 
Trump’s domestic gag rule is a direct assault on women’s health and I will begin the process of reversing it on my first day as President. No doctor should be banned from providing their patients with all of their options.
This weekend we announced Young Leaders  a group for students and young organizers to get involved in our campaign. Help spread the word to young leaders in your area. 
When I have some time off the campaign trail, I love to be in the kitchen whipping up something new for my family. See what and I were cooking the other day. 
No one should have to risk death by rationing insulin. As president, I will take on pharmaceutical companies who are forcing Americans to turn to the black market for life-saving drugs.
 Have joined the Kamala Harris campaign in Iowa to meet folks on the ground working to change our country. Attended mass…
Working families have been left behind, while those at the top have reaped the benefits. When elected, I will reverse Trump’s trillion-dollar tax scam and put money back in the pockets of middle-class families.
As president, I’ll give Congress 100 days to send legislation to my desk to stop Big Pharma from raking in massive profits at the expense of Americans.If Congress won’t act, I will.
Go, Aubrey, go! See you in 2020. 
Let me tell you about real strength. 
 Thank you for your hard work! It'll take people just like you in their local communities to help us win this. 
We are fighting so younger generations don’t have to grow up in a world where the president spreads hate instead of hope. This campaign is by the people and  Chip in now. 
It’s not just Arizona. Teachers are overworked and underpaid across our country.They invested in us, it’s time we invested in them. My plan would give the average teacher a $13,500 raise — the largest investment in teachers in our nation’s history.
Reforming the money bail system in America is a criminal and economic justice issue. People sit in jail in America every day simply because they don’t have money to afford bail, while those with means are able to get out. It’s unjust and must change.
Trump’s assault on refugees is un-American. Turning our backs on those fleeing violence and harm means we’ve abandoned our moral leadership on the world stage.
 Choice is power.
Today, we’re excited to launch Young Leaders  Across the country, young people are breaking barriers and moving our nation forward on their college campuses and in their communities. Be one of the first to join us. 
Proud to stand with nurses at Hopkins as they organize with to fight for the rights of patients to safe care. Hopkins must respect their right to organize without interference.
The only path to justice for the people of Puerto Rico is to speak truth against divisive and corrupt leaders. I stand with them as they protest and demand accountability.
 Sign a commit to caucus card ✔️Host volunteers for the Weekend of Action ✔️Make campaign theme cookies with Nora ✔️…
It’s been seven years since the mass shooting at the Aurora movie theater in Colorado, and Congress hasn’t done enough. No matter where you live, you deserve to feel safe. We can keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. All we need is a president willing to act.
Stay safe this weekend. States across the country will reach dangerously high temperatures. Hydrate, check in on your neighbors and the elderly, and know how to recognize the signs of heat exhaustion.
Middle-class families are struggling to make ends meet while Big Pharma turns record profits. As president, I will require pharmaceutical companies to set fair prices for prescription drugs and tax profits made from abusive drug companies.
Your contribution — no matter how big or small — is the lifeline of our campaign’s organizing efforts. Our campaign is driven by the people and for the people. Chip in now: 
Guns are the second leading cause of death for children and teens in America. We must address this crisis. As president, I will take executive action to protect our kids and families from gun violence. 
My Rent Relief Act provides a tax credit to families who spend 30% or more of their income on rent and utilities. We’ve got to make sure that nobody has to work two or three jobs—or cut corners on other basic necessities—just to keep a roof over their head.
 Proud to stand with you and the LGBTQ+ community. No one should ever have to fight alone. Stay strong.
I’ll be taking the stage for the second DNC debate on July 31. People just like you across the country are stepping up to host a debate watch party in their community. Sign up and we’ll give you everything you need to host a party of your own.
 Your strength inspires me, Don't ever stop speaking up.
Millions of families are waking up in the middle of the night trying to figure out how to make ends meet. My 3 AM Agenda would change that.
Iowa has held a special place in my heart ever since I first visited the state in 2007 to campaign for Barack Obama. I'm excited to announce I’ll be doing a five-day bus tour in August from Sioux City to Davenport. See you on the road! 
Let's reject those who are trying to sow hate and division among us and agree we've got to bring our country together. 
Cooking goals. 
Excited to take the stage again for the second Democratic debate on Wednesday, July 31 on I’m ready to share our vision on how we can give American’s a raise, pay our teachers their value, keep guns out of the wrong hands, and fight 
Pharmaceutical companies flooded our country with 76 billion — yes, billion — opioid pills from 2006 through 2012.This is wrong. It’s past time we hold pharmaceutical companies accountable.
If we don't address the maternal mortality crisis in our country now, more Black mothers will die. My Maternal CARE Act will address the racial bias in our health care system and ensure better outcomes for women. 
This is real life: Americans are turning to the black market to be able to afford insulin. This is why I introduced my plan to take on pharmaceutical companies and ensure every American can afford the medicine they need.  
When president, I will take action to lower the cost of prescription drugs. 
Let’s get this president out of the White House. Donate and we’ll do it together. 
The House just voted to move forward with raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour. It’s time we give Americans the raise they deserve. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to bring this bill to the Senate floor.
 It’s vile. It’s cowardly. It’s xenophobic. It’s racist. It defiles the office of the President. And I won't share it…
I said it in Iowa on Tuesday and it’s even more clear after last night: Donald Trump has defiled the office of President of the United States.
It’s vile. It’s cowardly. It’s xenophobic. It’s racist. It defiles the office of the President. And I won't share it here. It’s time to get Trump out of office and unite the country.
Black homeowners have been left behind, with homeownership rates falling by 8.6% since 2004. Let's turn the tide. As president, I'll take action to provide $100 billion to four million homebuyers who rent or live in historically red-lined communities.
Glaciers are melting. Sea levels are rising. Climate change is real and we must act before it's too late. That’s why I support a Green New Deal.
Grateful for leadership in combating the Black maternal health crisis in America. Black mothers are 3 to 4 times more likely to die from pregnancy-related causes and it's time we came together to address this. Congress must pass my Maternal CARE Act. 
The federal government must get justice for survivors of sexual abuse, assault, and rape. I have a plan to make that a reality. 
As AG, I took on the 5 biggest banks in the U.S. who defrauded homeowners during the foreclosure crisis. We won $20B for CA homeowners and passed the strongest anti-foreclosure law in the country. I’ll always take on corporate interests to stand up for working families.
As president, I will protect consumers from high drug prices by:✅Capping the prices Big Pharma can charge for prescription drugs✅Holding drug companies accountable for overcharging patients It’s time to change the system.
 On Sunday, more than 1300 Granite Staters saw at her events in Gilford and Somersworth. Less than 48 hour…
On November 3, 2020, I am going to send Donald Trump back to where he came from. 
 retelling of the Central Park jogger case is a masterpiece. Congratulations to her team and phenomenal cast on a well-deserved 16 Emmy nominations!  
Trump attempts to distract from that fact that he’s done nothing for hardworking Americans by flame-throwing. 
From breaking codes in World War II to breaking down barriers for civil rights, Justice John Paul Stevens lived up to those words above the Court: Equal Justice Under Law. Our nation was better for his service and we mourn his loss.
I've personally been told, "go back to where you came from." It is vile, ignorant, shallow, and hateful. It has to stop. 
Let’s break this cycle. I will go after these companies who prey on seniors and the sick. Big Pharma should not be winning in Washington, the American people should be.
“It’s not your time.”
In 2016, over 35 million people with disabilities were eligible to vote, but only 16 million did. It’s imperative we invest time, energy, and money in getting people with disabilities registered and ready to exercise their civil right to vote. 
When we say love your neighbor as yourself, we must expand our definition of neighbor. 
I took on pharmaceutical companies on behalf of the people when I was Attorney General and I'll do it again as president. 
 Two. Dope. Queens. 
This is a miscarriage of justice. Our criminal justice system should be rooted in accountability. My heart breaks for the Garner family.
In the past year, nearly one in four Americans said it was difficult for them to afford their medications. This must change. Today, my People Over Profit plan will address drug pricing affordability. 
One in four U.S. adults live with a disability. Too often, voting is inaccessible. This National Disability Voter Registration Week, I’m committed to ensuring people living with disabilities have their voices heard at the ballot box. 
 Domestic workers aren’t protected by anti-discrimination law. This new bill would change that 
 Kamala Harris is proposing a "bill of rights" to protect a workforce made up almost entirely of women and women of color.h…
 Domestic Workers Are Excluded from Discrimination Protections. and Want to Change That. htt…
Many domestic workers are women or people of color who have not had basic protections afforded to other employees. Today, I've introduced the first-ever National Domestic Workers Bill of Rights to protect these workers.
I stand in solidarity with workers who are striking on  Like all workers, they deserve safe working conditions, fair wages, and dignity and respect from their employer. I am proud of them for standing up for their rights and their families.
This Administration's move to restrict asylum for Central Americans is deliberately cruel. We should embrace our moral responsibility to serve as a safe haven for children and families fleeing violence and persecution.
Our deepest condolences go out to the family ; friends of Sadie Roberts-Joseph. Sadie founded the Baton Rouge African-American History Museum and was a rock in the Louisiana community. She will be missed. 
Let’s call these ICE raids what they are. They are a political stunt designed to break up families and spread fear. We are better than this.
Let's call the president’s racist attack exactly what it is: un-American. 
An increased ICE presence at schools, courthouses, hospitals, and churches deters immigrants from seeking help from police. That means domestic abuse can often go unreported. This makes everyone less safe.
As ICE raids begin, know your rights. Follow these guidelines from the and stay safe. 
Trump’s threat of ICE raids continues to stoke fear in this county. He is using immigrant communities for political gain. This makes us all less safe.
Women’s access to reproductive health care is under attack. We’ve seen it in Alabama, where the legislature passed a law to incarcerate a physician for up to 99 years. I am not being dramatic. Women will die because of these policies.
 If you have not done so, text BARRY to 888-777 for updates on  in  - Follow and go online at…
Gun violence is the leading cause of death for young Black men in America. We must stop this. When president, I will take executive action to ensure guns do not fall into the wrong hands. It’s not enough to just talk — Americans deserve action.
Here’s where your money goes when you donate to our campaign:✅Hiring more organizers in early states✅Keeping our campaign on the road to meet directly with voters✅Helping me prosecute the case against four more years of Trump Chip in today. 
 is right. We must never stop fighting for equality.
The estimated annual cost to clear the nationwide rape kit backlog is less than what we have already spent on Trump’s golf trips. I did it in California as Attorney General — and I’ll do it nationwide as President.
More than 5,300 teachers left South Carolina’s public schools ahead of this upcoming school year. This is a nationwide crisis -- my plan would close the teacher wage gap and make it possible for educators to stay in their jobs. 
In the past few weeks I’ve been on the campaign trail visiting Iowa, Texas, Louisiana, and South Carolina. But in order to meet with more undecided voters, we need you. Chip in $5 now. 
Thinking of everyone in the path of Tropical Storm  Please be careful, stay safe and listen to any orders to evacuate. 
We need a president who will fight for the equality of all Americans and reject hatred and bigotry. That’s why I support the Equality Act. Passing this Act is essential to protecting members of the LGBTQ+ community from being fired because of who they are and who they love.
This election is about a vision for America where everyone can see themselves. I am focused on the issues that wake people up at 3 AM like affordable housing, teacher pay, and health care. 
Instead of helping those who have often fled extreme violence and horror, this Administration is further inflicting mental trauma on immigrant children by keeping them in unsafe conditions. Don’t overlook this human rights abuse. 
 How do we get Trump out of office? We're going to prosecute the case against four more years of Donald Trump. And there's a long rap sheet. 
 We are deeply saddened by the sudden passing of SEIU 32BJ president Hector Figueroa. He was an inspiring leader who fought every…
It is troubling, disheartening, and unbelievable to hear how Acosta described the challenges of prosecuting Epstein. If Acosta didn't know how to do his job, he should not have been in the position. 
 has been an outspoken advocate and champion throughout her life for women and girls to have access to quality education. Her courage inspires me to this day. Happy birthday, Malala! 
 COMING UP: Democratic presidential hopeful Sen. joins the  table LIVE to discuss her 2020 run. 
“Agents have expressed apprehensions about arresting babies and young children.”Rounding up thousands of families for mass deportation is wrong. We are about to fail a critical moral test. 
Predators bully their victims. They seek to intimidate and instill fear. And let’s be honest: we have a predator living in the White House. 
A crime against one of us is a crime against all of us. 
Trump is intentionally trying to create fear among immigrant communities. That is not a sign of a strong president. This is not strength. 
 Sen. Harris says President Trump is "trying to create fear" in immigrant families."The display of strength in my book is you l…
We are living through an all-out assault on women’s health and reproductive rights. We need a president who will stand with the overwhelming majority of Americans and fight against Republican attempts to end safe and legal abortion in America. 
You can judge a society based on how it treats its children. We are failing this moral test. 
My plan to clear the rape kit backlog would:✅Require states to annually report the number of untested rape kits✅Require testing within a short time frame✅Give survivors the right to know the status of their rape kits✅Increase the availability of rape kits nationwide
 
My plan to close the nationwide rape kit backlog would cost about $2 million less each year than what taxpayers have spent on Trump’s golf trips. It’s time we had someone in the White House who is committed to fighting for survivors, not protecting predators.
 and the have failed to protect student loan borrowers at every turn. It’s time they were held accountable.
As California’s Attorney General, I made clearing the backlog of 1,300 untested rape kits at state-run labs a top priority — and we got it done within my first year in office. I announced a plan to dedicate that same focus on the national level.
In the last decade, about 225,000 untested rape kits have been uncovered. Too many survivors aren’t getting the justice they deserve. As president, I'll close the nationwide rape kit backlog by the end of my first term. Predators must be held accountable.
We’re building this campaign from the ground up. I didn’t enter this race with a war chest of campaign funds and I’ve never run for president before. Instead, we’re going door to door building this campaign one conversation at a time. Join us. 
We are fighting for the soul — and the future — of our country. Fair pay for our nation’s teachers, Medicare for All, common-sense gun safety reform, and more are all on the line. 
We're building a diverse coalition of Nevadans across the state and I'm thrilled to have on our team! 
I know this may be a tough week for some sexual assault survivors. Please know: We are here for you. We see you. We hear you. If you or anyone you know needs assistance, please contact 1 (800) 656-4673.
Rounding up immigrants, and potentially entire families, is despicable and an assault on our nation's values. Know your rights.  
Women and women of color deserve to have a seat at the table where decisions are made — and finally, that’s a reality in major cities across our nation. 
When nearly a quarter of Americans say they never plan to retire, it couldn’t be more clear: the economy isn’t working for working people. Every American should be able to retire with dignity. Period. 
A typical Black family has just $10 of wealth for every $100 held by a white family.Homeownership has historically been one of the most powerful drivers of wealth, which is why I announced a plan to shrink the gap and help up to 4M families with down payments and closing costs.
 Fifty-eight years ago this week, I was released from Mississippi State Penitentiary, also known as Parchman Farm, after b…
Americans deserve a president who is concerned and focused on bettering the lives of the American people. It’s time to turn the page and write a new chapter of our nation. Help us get there. 
The other day I stopped by City Food ; Spirits in Marion, South Carolina. I heard the stories of the strong, formidable people of this town. Thank you, Marion, for sharing your stories. I will keep them with me as I travel the nation and work  
Answered 20 of most pressing questions — including my tendency to be a back seat driver.
As we celebrate the today, it's on us to take up their charge and fight for equal pay. Let's flip the script and hold corporations accountable by requiring them to prove they're not engaging in pay discrimination — and fine companies that fail to close their pay gaps. 
After serving their time in our criminal justice system, too many people face additional barriers once they try to reenter society. I introduced a bill with to ensure formerly incarcerated individuals have access to federal housing assistance. 
Being Black and listening to rap music is not a threat.   
It’s July 9 and the Violence Against Women Act still has yet to be reauthorized. No more political games. Let’s ensure survivors of sexual assault and domestic violence have access to the care they need.
Poor communities and communities of color are disproportionately affected by issues like air pollution and crumbling water infrastructure. And what is this Administration doing about it? Not enough. We can’t forget places like Flint, Michigan and Denmark, South Carolina.
From day one, I made a promise to run a campaign of the people and for the people. And we’re doing just that. Your support powers everything we do — from how many states we visit to the staff we hire. Chip in now.
This president has created a culture where people think it’s okay to vilify immigrants and their families. Now we’re seeing human rights abuses being committed by our government at our southern border. 
From the Naval Academy to her historic Marine combat flight to Afghanistan, Iraq and the Pentagon, has dedicated her life to serving our country. Thank you for stepping up and continuing your leadership. 
Discussed everything from the most urgent issues facing women today to how we can combat climate change for future generations (plus, my favorite comfort food!) with 
Alex Acosta should resign as Labor Secretary. We need leaders committed to fighting for justice for survivors of abuse, not protecting predators.
As California Attorney General, I fought to protect the ACA in court.As Senator, I’ve fought its repeal at every turn. And to the millions of people who depend on the ACA’s protections: as President, I will stop these attacks and fight to expand your care.We won’t go back. 
Unbought and unbossed, Shirley Chisholm served as a role model for so many of us. She used her voice to speak for those who otherwise would not have a voice in the political process. It’s time we honor her with a statue in the Capitol.
This weekend at I announced that as president, I’ll make a $100 billion federal investment to put homeownership within reach for those who live in redlined communities.
When it comes to health care, we can’t leave anybody behind — including the 130 million Americans with pre-existing conditions and 61 million Americans with disabilities. That’s why I support 
We need a new commander in chief. 
 you're a great fighter for the people of California. We are a stronger nation because of your work to protect our children and our communities from gun violence.
We’re running a campaign made of the people, for the people, and by the people. Not a single dime comes from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists — just people like you. Chip in now:
Labor built the middle class. Working people need leaders who will stand with them, and I firmly stand with the 85,000 Kaiser workers who are fighting for a contract that will support their families and communities. 
There are always going to be doubters. That’s not new. But you prove them wrong by winning. And I intend to do just that. 
The proved even before their World Cup win yesterday that they have what it takes to succeed. They generate more revenue than the men’s team and now hold the record for most FIFA Women’s World Cup wins. The world is watching — it’s time they were paid what they deserve.
Right now, access to reproductive health is under attack in states across America. It is not alarmist to say that women will die because of these restrictive policies — because we’ve seen it happen before. As president, I will work to stop these policies before they become law.
The fight of Black women has always been fueled and grounded in faith and belief in what is possible. It’s why Sojourner spoke. Why Mae flew.Why Rosa and Claudette sat.Why Maya wrote.Why Fannie organized.Why Shirley ran. And why I am a candidate for President of the U.S.
The 2020 presidential election is a fight not only for the soul of our country, this is also a fight that is borne out of love for country — and this is a fight we will win.
 Thanks for having me!
 I had the honor of welcoming to Hartsville this afternoon. Thank you for making the Pee Dee a priority! T…
We must right what is wrong with public health policy and pass  We must pass my maternal mortality bill so Black women are taken seriously when they arrive at the doctor.We must treat access to clean drinking water like what it should be — a fundamental right.
 the second debate is just around the corner and supporters across the country are signing up to host a debate night watch party. We’ll give you all the tools you need to make it a success. Join us.
Congratulations to our back-to-back World Cup Champions! You make America proud. 📷: 
The Chicago Defender has chronicled more than a century of our nation's history — its contribution to social and political change is unparalleled. Although no longer in print, I know they will continue to tell our stories, our way.
There is so much at stake in the 2020 election. We need a fighter on that stage, ready to take on Trump. I know how to fight. 
We can’t ignore that Black mothers across the country are facing a health crisis, driven in part by implicit bias in our health care system. My Maternal CARE Act would address this urgent issue and ensure women's health concerns are listened to and taken seriously.
I’ve met too many teachers who are working 2-3 jobs, who stay up late worrying about how they’re going to pay the bills, instead of tomorrow’s lesson plan. As president, I’ll make the largest federal investment in teacher pay in U.S. history to help close the teacher pay gap.
The fight of Black women has always been fueled and grounded in faith and in the belief of what is possible.  
Homeownership has historically been one of the most powerful drivers of wealth, which is why I announced a plan to shrink the racial homeownership gap, helping up to four million families with down payments and closing costs.
Today, at  I released a new plan to start closing the racial wealth gap in our country. 
Sometimes people say, “Kamala, talk to me about Black people’s issues.” And I’ll smile and say, you know — let’s talk about the economy. Let’s talk about health care. Let’s talk about the racial wealth gap. Let’s talk about national security. 
  brought down the house again today at  —&gt; “The fight of black women has always been fueled ; gr…
HBCUs made me who I am today. 
After generations of discrimination, it’s time to give Black families a real shot at homeownership — historically one of the most powerful drivers of wealth. My new policy will remove unfair barriers Black Americans face when they go to qualify for a home loan. 
Today at I announced that as president, I’ll invest $100 billion to put homeownership within reach for up to 4 million families. We must close the homeownership gap. 
The purpose of the census is to get a full and accurate count of the U.S. population. Adding a citizenship question to the census is nothing more than a blatant attempt to undermine that and weaponize the census. We won’t stand for it. 
Congratulations on your comeback, You’re an inspiration and we’re cheering you on! 
Thankful for California's first responders who work tirelessly to protect lives and property. Now is a good time to make sure you're prepared for a future earthquake.  
Everyone should have access to a good job, dignified wages, and a roof over their head. On these issues, I won’t just talk: I’ll act. My Rent Relief Act will guarantee more money in families’ pockets who are struggling with rent.
“If you’re a woman, your life is political whether you like it or not.” 
Congress has failed to protect our students and teachers from gun violence. But I won't — I'll take action.  
Shackling pregnant women is inhumane and must come to an end. That’s why my colleagues in the Senate and I have a bill to stop this abuse and protect the health and safety of all pregnant women. 
Today at our Sioux City Town Hall, an audience member asked how we can help the kids at the border and their families. Here are a few organizations doing great work to provide support.
There were so many people at our most recent town hall we had people waiting outside! Thank you for coming. I’m so glad we were able to spend a few moments together. 
This is outrageous. 
 NEW: Iowa momentum continues as Chair of the Northwest Des Moines Democrats Vanessa Phelan endorses Harris…
As president, I will immediately put in place a meaningful process to review asylum cases. I will release children from cages. I will get rid of the private detention centers. It’s time we had a president whose actions reflected the values of our country.
I've prosecuted the pharmaceutical companies. I’ve prosecuted transnational criminal organizations.I know predators and we have a predator living in the White House.
On this day in 1992, one of my heroes and inspirations Thurgood Marshall gave a speech that still resonates to this day: “Democracy just cannot flourish amid fear. Liberty cannot bloom amid hate. Justice cannot take root amid rage. America must get to work.” So let’s get to work.
Thinking of those in Southern California affected by the earthquake and our brave first responders helping to keep people safe.
As we sit down with our friends and family to celebrate America’s independence, let’s recommit ourselves to ensuring all of our veterans get the proper physical and mental health care they have earned with their service. We owe them nothing less.
This Independence Day, and every day, I’m thankful for our brave servicemembers who fight to uphold our country’s freedom and values. Fueled by a love of country and optimism in what we can be, I know we can create a better nation for all. 
Reminder: Puerto Ricans are Americans. 
Nurses care for, protect, and advocate for patients. They always have our backs — we must have theirs. Retaliation against those who advocate for fair and safe workplaces must not be tolerated. I stand in solidarity with the and
This Administration has proven over and over that they will turn back the clock on our reproductive rights if we let them. We cannot go back to the days before Roe v. Wade when women were dying from unsafe abortions. Under my Administration, we will protect access to health care.
I know predators and we have one living in the White House. 
We just added some new events coming up this weekend, including multiple town halls in South Carolina, and more. RSVP now to join me on the campaign trail→
Children with no access to showers. Kids sleeping on concrete floors. A man holding a note that says, "Help. 40 Day Here."How can anybody look at these photos and think this isn’t a human rights abuse?  
"Kamala knows what it takes to move us forward as a country, and I am proud to endorse her for President."Thank you, for your support. Together we will fight to ensure everyone has the chance to succeed, no matter their zip code. 
Ryan shows us that no matter your age, one person has the power to lift other people up. 
This is good news. Everyone, without exception, will be counted in the 2020 U.S. Census.
 may be over, but that doesn’t mean we stop speaking out about the abuses being committed against the LGBTQ+ community by this Administration. 
With Trump in the White House, we’ve seen attacks on immigrant communities, attempts to take away health care, and attacks on our basic civil rights. We must redouble our efforts to defend the cause of justice and equality. Chip in now: 
Today marks the anniversary of the passage of the California Homeowner Bill of Rights. I worked to pass this bill so we could protect consumers in the wake of the financial crisis. I fought for homeowners as California’s Attorney General and will do the same as president.
Good luck in the semi-finals today! You make us proud. 
 Top Democratic contenders in the 2020 Presidential race are coming to 
These border patrol agents must be held accountable. I’m calling for the DHS Inspector General to thoroughly investigate CBP. 
 Your periodic reminder: Abortion is still legal in all 50 states. 
Remember Nora who wrote a letter asking me to run for president? I got to meet her. This campaign is about lifting young girls up and showing them they can do anything. 
The greatest national security threat to the U.S. is Trump. He denies the global climate crisis. He embraces Kim Jong-un. He takes the word of the Russian president over the word of our intelligence community.  It’s time we had a President who protected our country.
When elected president, I will give Congress 100 days to put a gun safety bill on my desk for signature. And if they don’t, I will take executive action. I’ve seen too many autopsy photos and hugged too many mothers of homicide victims to not take action. Enough.
It’s time these private detention facilities were shut down. 
 won’t be silenced from speaking truth. 
Thankful states like Illinois are stepping up to correct the mistakes of our past. It’s time to do the same at the federal level. 
Pride is a time to celebrate the accomplishments we’ve achieved, but also know we have fights ahead. 
Such an honor to be back home in San Francisco to celebrate  Remember, we will leave no one to fight alone. 
America does not want to witness a food fight: they want to know how we’ll put food on the table. 
You can't celebrate  without dancing. 
The task we have ahead of us won’t be easy, but I’m not running to be your next president because it’s easy. I’m running because I firmly believe in our vision for the future of this country — and I’m willing to fight for it. Help us get there. 
This President should take the North Korean nuclear threat and its crimes against humanity seriously. This is not a photo-op. Our security and our values are at stake.
Criminal justice reform should be a front and center issue in this presidential race because it’s a crucial issue for our country. 
 1 month ago, I launched this campaign from my childhood home.🏡Since then, y’all stepped *up* and we launched a movemen…
As California’s Attorney General, I took on pharmaceutical companies — and won. I would do the same as president. 
We’re not fighting against something, but for something: Medicare for All, a raise for our teachers, common-sense gun safety reform, the LIFT Act, equal pay, and the Rent Relief Act, just to name a few. Chip in to join us:
Health care should be a right for every American, not just a privilege for those who can afford it. 
For millions of seniors, Social Security and Medicare mean the difference between getting by and living in poverty. As president, I will oppose any cuts to these vital programs.
The USWNT scored more goals in their first World Cup match against Thailand than the U.S. men’s team scored in the 2010 and 2014 World Cups combined. We’re beyond past time to pay these championship athletes what they deserve. 
It's been six years this week since marriage equality became the law of the land in California. The fight continues. 
We asked you to support our campaign  and you delivered. In the 24 hours after the  we raised more than $2 million from 63,277 people. I am so motivated and inspired by all of you. Now let’s go win this fight.
We’re at a crossroads in our nation’s history and I’m counting on you now. Can you pitch in to help us reach our end-of-month fundraising goal?
These kids have done nothing wrong. They do not deserve to be treated like criminals. 
When I think about what our country needs, I promise you I will be a President who leads with a sense of dignity, with honesty, speaking the truth, and giving American families all that they need to get through the end of the month in a way that allows them to prosper.
The climate crisis is an existential threat to us as a species. 
I couldn't agree more Thank you for your courage. I stand with you in this fight.  
 As anyone who follows me knows, I am on a singular mission to do something about gun violence and to ensure it is a pr…
We need a nominee who has the ability to prosecute the case against four more years of Trump. I will do that.
Detaining these children at the border is a human rights abuse being committed by the United States government. 
 Thank you and for including fighting gun violence in your number one priorities as preside…
Fifty years ago today when Stonewall Inn was raided, brave LGBTQ+ New Yorkers — led by trans women of color — stood up and fought back. We must continue to speak truth today that transphobia and homophobia are real in our country, but we will leave no one to fight alone. 
 On gun violence prevention: “I will give the United States Congress 100 days to pull their act together, bring all these goo…
When I think about the issues, I think about how they impact real people when they wake up in the middle of the night, trying to figure out how to make it all work. 
This first debate was just the beginning. Help us build momentum and show the pundits just how strong our movement is.
 Today, w/ we requested entry into the  c…
My 3AM Agenda will have a direct and immediate effect on people’s lives, paychecks, and health care. Learn more:  
Trump's attempt to rescind DACA and strip Dreamers of the protections they were promised is illegal. To Dreamers everywhere today, know this: We see you. We stand with you. We are in this fight with you.
If those segregationists had their way, I would not be a member of the United States Senate, and I certainly would not be a serious candidate for president of the United States. 
Thank you for your support tonight. I need your help to get to the finish line. Please donate and help us get there.  
This election is about you, your hopes, your dreams, your fears, and what wakes you up at 3 a.m. That’s what I care about and what I am fighting for. 
No one should have to work more than one job to pay the bills.  
This first debate was just the beginning. Help us capture this momentum and show the world just how strong our movement is. 
I want to solve the issues keeping people up at night with what I call the 3AM Agenda. That means giving Americans a raise, paying women equally for the work they do, making housing affordable, and paying our teachers their value.  
I am not afraid of the As president, if Congress doesn’t pass gun safety legislation in my first 100 days, I will take executive action to keep our nation safe.  
I will ensure that this microphone that the president of the United States holds in her hand is used in a way that is about reflecting the values of our country.  
We have a president who believes in science fiction. I believe in science fact. Climate change is real and we're in the midst of a climate crisis. We need a  and as president, on day one, America will rejoin the Paris Agreement. 
There was a little girl in California who was bussed to school. That little girl was me.  
The future of our country is in our hands. If you’re with me in this fight, I need you to make an investment in our campaign today:  
Health care should be a right for every American, not just a privilege for those who can afford it.  
Trump’s anti-immigrant agenda couldn’t be more clear. He has separated families. Locked children in cages. Sought to spend billions on his border wall, which is nothing more than a vanity project. That is not reflective of our values and it has to end. 
As president, I will immediately reinstate and expand DACA and take executive action to provide Dreamers a path to citizenship. We owe it to Dreamers and their families to act. 
No parent should have to worry about going broke because their child is sick. That’s why we need Medicare for All. 
Americans need a raise. I’m going to give them one.  
America does not want to witness a food fight, they want to know how we're going to put food on their table. 
40% of Americans are a $400 emergency away from financial chaos. An unexpected trip to the hospital shouldn’t land you in bankruptcy court. My LIFT Act would ease that burden and raise incomes for working families by up to $500/mo. 
For far too long, the rules have been written for big corporations and the 1%. It’s time we change that. On Day One I will repeal the Trump tax scam and give working families the largest tax cut in a generation. 
 is backstage at the  with a very important question. Can you chip in $5 now?  
❤️ 
I hope I’m doing you proud in the debate right now. This campaign is powered by people like you. Will you join our campaign right now?
I’m ready to prosecute the case against four more years of President Trump. I hope you agree. Join our campaign now. We can’t do it without you.
Kamala’s showing us that she’s exactly the fearless leader we deserve in the White House. If you’re ready to join her to fight for the people, add your name now.
I hope I’m doing you proud in the debate right now. This campaign is powered by people like you. Will you join our campaign right now?
I hope I’m doing you proud in the debate right now. This campaign is powered by people like you. Will I see your name on the list of supporters I’ll see when I step off the stage tonight?
I’m ready to prosecute the case against four more years of President Trump. I hope you agree. Join our campaign now. We can’t do it without you.
I hope I’m doing you proud in the debate right now. This campaign is powered by people like you. Will you join our campaign right now?
I hope I’m doing you proud in the debate right now. This campaign is powered by people like you. Will I see your name on the list of supporters I’ll see when I step off the stage tonight?
 Good luck We’re with you!  
 Jude is ready to man the sign in for our  Debate Watch Party here in Coralville   
 Someone is ready to watch  at the debate...👇😭😭 
 Solidarity with workers. Over a thousand  members picket and rally outside of the propert…
Let’s do this   
Kamala’s showing us that she’s exactly the fearless leader we deserve in the White House. If you’re ready to join her to fight for the people, add your name now.
To the workers of Reagan National, Newark-Liberty, Miami Int, Ft. Lauderdale Int, and JFK Airport who want to unionize: I stand with you. Every worker deserves to be safe in the workplace and be paid fairly. 
This Administration's anti-immigrant agenda flies in the face of our nation's values. They have:→Children and families in cages→Taken babies from their parents→Ended protections for Dreamers→Sought billions to build a wasteful wallThis has to end.
 Kamala Harris talked about what inspires her, she tried tongue twisters in Spanish and told us what special name has for…
State attorneys general should have every tool necessary to hold banks and Wall Street executives accountable. I’ve taken on the big banks before and I’m not afraid to do it again as president. 
Politicians shouldn’t be able to pick their voters, voters should choose their representatives. The Supreme Court's gerrymandering decision will have drastic consequences for the future of our nation. As president, banning partisan gerrymandering will be a top priority.
If Congress won't stand up to the I will:✅Mandate near-universal background checks✅Revoke the licenses of gun dealers who break the law✅Ensure fugitives from justice can’t purchase guns✅Keep domestic abusers from buying guns
As president, I will take executive action to reinstate and expand DACA, protect their families from deportation, and establish a pathway to citizenship for Dreamers. We must act. 
I believe in an America where no politician tells a woman what to do with her body. Together, we can make that a reality. 
No one should ever go bankrupt or be denied health care because they don’t have enough money. Affordable health care should be a right, not a privilege. We must pass  
For too long, the burden has been on women to prove they’re experiencing pay discrimination. Let’s take action to shift the burden and hold corporations accountable. 
We need to take bold, direct action now to combat the climate crisis. Time to pass a 
Our government continues to fail the people of Puerto Rico. 
Alphonso David has fought to ban so-called “conversion therapy” and protect transgender rights. I look forward to fighting with Alphonso and in the battles ahead. 
Four years ago today was a great day in our nation’s history. The highest court in the land affirmed that marriage is a fundamental right. We will continue to defend that right and work to expand all rights for LGBTQ+ couples.  
Ask yourself: why are Republicans so afraid to protect our elections? 
My message to immigrants: You are not alone. We stand with you. We will fight for you and your rights every day. Do not live in fear. A new day is coming after this election.
Dayla was just four years old when she was killed by a stray bullet. It’s time we finally act on gun violence. 
The summer of my second year at Howard, I interned for Sen. Alan Cranston in the mailroom. I loved going to the Capitol every day to learn how our government worked. All young women interested in politics and government deserve the same opportunity to get their foot in the door. 
These families seeking asylum are often fleeing extreme violence. And what happens when they arrive? Trump says, 'Go back to where you came from.' That is inhumane. Children are dying. This is a stain on our moral conscience. 
This is cruel.
In 2015, the Supreme Court upheld the Affordable Care Act. Since then, Trump’s Administration has actively tried to sabotage the ACA and rip health care from millions. It’s time we implement Medicare for All to ensure everyone receives care, regardless of income or zip code.
We are just two days away from our first presidential debate on Thursday, June 27. Supporters across the country are holding debate night watch parties. We need you to join our movement — RSVP for a watch party in your community today:
My upbringing taught me that, when we come from different backgrounds and cultures, we contribute to the fabric of this country. Let's remember: this is a nation built by immigrants. 
Six years ago, the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act. Here is what I will do as president to protect our right to vote:🗳Restore protections of the Voting Rights Act🗳Expand early voting 🗳Fight for automatic voter registration🗳Make Election Day a national holiday
What is happening at the border is a human rights abuse. It is immoral and wrong. 
We will leave no one to fight alone. Fight with us:   
Trump said he was going to protect workers, that he was going to support them, and lift them up. Instead, he passed a tax bill that benefitted the top 1% and the biggest corporations in our country. When I enter the Oval Office, I will repeal the Trump trillion- dollar tax scam.
We have a president who wants to "make America great again." Does “again” mean back to before schools were integrated? Before the Voting Rights Act? Before the Civil Rights Act? We will not go back. Donate today:  
Here’s what life would look like under a Harris Administration: We will immediately reenter the Paris Agreement and once again be leaders in the fight against the climate crisis. We’ll renew our relationships with NATO. Our values will finally align with who we really are again.
We are failing a critical moral test right now. These children don’t belong in detention in the first place, and we should be doing everything we can to keep them healthy — and that includes giving them soap and toothbrushes. 
Everyone deserves to be their true self, without harassment or discrimination. This matters. 
One of the last from a great generation of soldiers who defended the world against fascism. My heart goes out to Lt. Col. Robert Friend’s family — may we never forget what he and his fellow soldiers did for our country and the world.
And I am proud to stand with you too, Thank you for your service to this nation. I am grateful to have you on our team as we work together to build a better future for Nevada and our nation. 
I have always believed access to housing should be a fundamental right, a human right, a civil right. That’s why I introduced a bill in the Senate to ensure seniors, veterans, nurses, teachers, and others can keep a roof over their head, despite rising rents. 
Yesterday's drumline performance gave me a boost that will last for months.  
Forty-seven years ago Title IX became law, opening up the doors of opportunity for women in education. However, Title IX is under attack. Proposed changes would make it harder for sexual assault survivors to seek justice. We must continue to fight on behalf of survivors.
Right now, we have a president who wants to "make America great again." Does “again” mean back to before schools were integrated? Before the Voting Rights Act? Before the Civil Rights Act? Chip in now so we can tell him: “We will not go back.”
This president said he would be strong, but he takes the word of dictators and adversaries over the assessments of our intelligence community. That’s dangerous. We need a new president. 
I took on the big banks and won. I took on for-profit college scamming students and won. I took on oil companies who were destroying our environment and transnational criminal organizations preying on women and children. I know how to take on tough fights and get results. 
The president doesn't deserve credit for a crisis of his own making with Iran. 
 Team is ready to march at  
Drumlines and dancing - what a great day in South Carolina. Thank you to everyone who came out to support us at the Democratic convention as we discussed our agenda  
 This campaign energy palpable. HBCU thangs.....
When the Supreme Court ruled on Olmstead v. L.C., they declared all Americans with disabilities deserve full inclusion in every community. Twenty years later, we still haven't made this a reality. As president, I will fight to do so. 
 Proud to stand by and her fight to prevent the spread of HIV! 
My campaign isn’t about philosophical debates. It’s about what I call a “3 AM Agenda:” tangible solutions to the issues that wake us up in the middle of the night. On these issues, I won’t just talk. I’ll act. 
 WATCH: responds to about expanding the reach of reproductive justice — and shares her own story about…
When I’m president, we will restore America’s standing and leadership in the world — not just with words but by our actions. 
Trump is threatening to rip families apart across the country through raids and mass deportations. Children, women, and seniors are living in fear. This is so contrary to who we are and to our values. 
Here's what our America looks like. 
We have a president who says he wants to "make America great again." Does he want to take us back to before schools were integrated? Before the Voting Rights Act? Before the Civil Rights Act?  Before Roe v. Wade?   We are not going back. 
In the general election, we need a nominee who can read a rap sheet and prosecute the case against four more years of this president. 
It is upon the shoulders of all who fought for civil rights that I stand as a candidate for president of the United States. 
 ICE approaches immigrants on the street, at work, in their car, at court. Remember:  Be prepared for encounters w…
If we want to truly commit to HIV prevention, PrEP must be 100% covered. No exceptions. 
Children looking after babies. Kids are fed uncooked frozen food. People are going weeks without bathing. This Administration will be judged harshly for how it has treated these children. 
Trump wants us to keep looking in the rearview mirror. He’s trying to drag us backward. But we’re smarter than that. It’s time we had a leader who drives us forward and has a vision for the future — one that includes everyone.
Guns are the second leading cause of death for children in America. Too many kids in our country die from an unsecured gun in someone’s home. Their deaths could have been prevented. The time to talk about keeping guns secure ; out of the reach of children is now. 
If we are going to eradicate AIDS, we must continue to lead by example. Year after year, this Administration has proposed massive cuts to global AIDS programs. This is not how we fight to end this epidemic. 
This is unacceptable. Wherever they try and take away a woman’s right to choose, we will fight to defend that right.
Millions of people will enter this weekend filled with fear. Children who are U.S. citizens will wonder if their mothers will be ripped from home in the pre-dawn hours before church on Sunday. And why? So Trump can vilify immigrants as part of a political campaign. It's shameful. 
Trump is attempting to use the census as a political weapon to rob immigrant communities of resources and representation. If the Supreme Court allows this Administration to suppress the count, I'll do everything in my power to reverse its impact as President. 
 has dedicated his life to public service and standing up for hardworking families in Florida and across the country. I'm proud he's joining our fight to restore truth and justice in America. 
I always love taking a good selfie with people I meet on the campaign trail.  
Our 46-song summer playlist has all the essentials: now: 
It’s long past time for our criminal justice system to treat children like children. We need to change our approach. Let’s end the automatic transfer of children to adult prisons and eliminate youth solitary confinement.
Investing in our workers must go beyond fair wages. It’s time we started helping workers with the resources they need to obtain or build upon new skills. My latest bill would ensure up to 78 million Americans can remain competitive in the workplace. 
Too many people in our nation still do not have access to affordable health care. Medicare for All is the answer to ensure health care is a right, not a privilege for those who can afford it.
 The US Women's soccer team has been kicking down barriers both on and off the field. And it's about damn time they got…
Rep. Al Green understands we must restore Americans' trust that government is working in their best interests and assure them that no one is above the law. I'm happy to have his support in this race. 
 The  and  goes waaaay beyond ; ; on campus experiences. It’s transformative in a w…
A reminder on  Our nation has a long-standing commitment to welcoming those fleeing violence and harm. The hateful rhetoric and targeted attacks against refugees by this Administration must end. 
Either the Trump Administration is angling for another disastrous war in the Middle East, or they've spent two years saber-rattling against Iran with no strategy and no endgame. This president is making America weaker and less safe.
Trump told reporters he would not apologize to the five Black men he demonized in 1989 saying, “You have people on both sides” of the exoneration. Trump ; all Americans should watch recent miniseries on the Central Park jogger case. 
The choice is simple: The American people or the 
Julie, a teacher in Iowa, spends over 40% of her pay on rent. In America, you should be able to serve your community without worrying about high rent. As president, I’ll give teachers like Julie a raise ; give relief to folks struggling with rising rents. 
Let’s be clear: private prisons are making money off the incarceration and suffering of human beings. One of my first acts of business as president will be to begin phasing out detention centers and private prisons.
We will do this — together. 
Affordable housing is one of the biggest issues the media is talking the least about. My Rent Relief Act would guarantee more money in families’ pockets who are struggling with rent. It’s time families were given a break.
Ten transgender women have been killed in 2019, five of them during Pride Month. We cannot ignore the reality of how dangerous it is to be trans — especially a trans woman of color — in this country. My Administration will fight to protect our LGBTQ+ community.
Unless you're Native American or your ancestors were kidnapped and brought over on a slave ship, your people are immigrants. Immigrants helped build our country. 
Wanted to update you about Californian Tu Le. Thankfully, the State Department reversed their decision and granted temporary visas to his brothers in Vietnam to get Tu Le the life-saving stem cell transplant he needed.
Our new poster will look even better on your wall. Get yours today before they run out.  
Being a graduate of and a proud member of changed my life. Today, I'm excited to announce we've launched a national program to mobilize HBCU and Black fraternity and sorority members with our campaign.  
On Juneteenth, we recognize emancipation and honor those who fought and died in the fight to end slavery. Still, the fight for equality and equity is far from over as Black Americans still face injustice — from our justice system to the ballot box. We fight on.
Trump's decision to begin mass deportations will push people into the shadows and sow fear and danger in communities across this country. It's outrageous. 
In our America, nobody should have to work more than one job to keep food on the table and a roof over their head.
If we’re going to win this Democratic primary and face off against Trump, we have to be able to compete with his campaign war chest. But we’re going to do it our way: by building a movement of people pitching in $1 or $10 to fight back.
Here’s how we can make concrete change in women’s lives:✅End disparities in maternal health care✅Make equal pay for equal work a reality✅Protect a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions✅Enact the largest middle-class tax cut in a generation — up to $500/mo
Civil rights leader Fannie Lou Hamer once said: “Nobody's free until everybody's free.” As  approaches, it is incumbent upon every one of us to continue to fight for our future.
The designer of the Pride flag, Gilbert Baker, refused to trademark it because he wanted the flag to belong to the world. This encapsulates the spirit of  I say, fly that flag high. We won’t stop showing our support—Trump Pride flag ban or not.
This president likes to talk tough, but for six months now, we've gone without a permanent Secretary of Defense and he just withdrew his nominee — all as Trump marches us toward conflict with Iran. The president is making us less safe.
We could learn a lot from the parable of the Good Samaritan. 
Mass deportations are cruel and violate our values. As this president rips more families apart, let's remember that history has already shown us what happens when governments begin rounding people up by ethnic group. This would be a shameful stain on our country. 
Natalie spent the last two weeks of her pregnancy mostly in isolation. "It's eerie. It's quiet, cold … It's enough to drive a person crazy," she said. The treatment of detained pregnant women is an issue we cannot, and must not, ignore. 
Our campaign is powered by regular folks pitching in a few dollars at a time. We’re not taking a dime from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists. That’s why I’m asking, can you chip in $5 today? 
The  isn’t just about higher wages, it’s about giving workers the dignity they deserve for the work they do. 
Great to join Rev. and at the  to discuss how we can enact a moral agenda to lift up all people in poverty. It's critical we elevate these issues.
 In her first monthly op-ed on  writes about her past accomplishments and what she plans on accomp…
Thank you and Assemblyman for fighting to reduce mass incarceration and reform our criminal justice system. 
A powerful story about the challenges women in Arkansas face in order to have an abortion. When elected president, I will ensure that deadly and dangerous abortion restrictions like these are blocked before they can take effect. 
This is a moment in time that requires us to fight for the best of who we are, and fight we will. Register to vote now — it’s never too early. 
My first-grade teacher Mrs. Wilson attended my law school graduation. It’s teachers like her who are shaping the leaders of tomorrow. But too many of our nation’s teachers have to work two or three jobs just to get by. My teacher plan would give them on average a $13,500 raise.
Rev. Clementa C. PinckneyRev. Sharonda Coleman-SingletonRev. Daniel Simmons Rev. DePayne Middleton-DoctorMyra ThompsonTywanza SandersEthel LanceCynthia HurdSusie JacksonHolding the loved ones of the Emanuel Nine in my heart today and every day.
Excited to talk to readers today and each month moving forward. I want to hear from you as we move forward with this campaign! 
Together, let’s build an America where teachers are paid their value. Where health care is a right, not a privilege. Where children can go to school without mass shootings. This is the America I believe in and know we can be.
It’s official: I will join Joe Biden, Bernie Sanders, Pete Buttigieg, and more on June 27 at 9 p.m. ET on the debate stage. We’re counting on supporters like you across the country to throw debate watch parties. It’s easy — and fun! Sign up today: 
This is indefensible. We want and expect law enforcement to protect and respect, not target and intimidate. We need stronger, independent police oversight and bias training, to root out and prevent abuses.
It currently costs $725 per applicant to become a United States citizen. That cost can snowball with lawyers, civics test prep, and more. Proud to co-sponsor the Citizenship Affordability Act to ensure costs don’t become a barrier for naturalization.
Today I’m thinking of the fathers who can’t be with their children because they were ripped from their sons and daughters at the border. The fathers who can’t celebrate today because they can’t afford bail. The fathers who are deployed. Don’t forget them. 
Happy Father’s Day, You are a terrific husband and wonderful father to Ella and Cole. I can’t wait to celebrate tonight with steak and homemade fries. 
Too many Americans have to work two or three jobs to cover their student loans, pay their rent, and keep food on the table. My LIFT Act would raise incomes for working and middle-class families by up to $500/mo.
A large portion of our campaign funding comes from grassroots donors pitching in $5, $10 at a time to join our movement. Can you make a contribution, of any amount, to our campaign today? 
Four months old.That’s the age of the youngest known child separated from his father at the border. History will judge this Administration for these human rights abuses. 
This  let’s not forget that Trump turned his back on transgender servicemembers who wanted to serve our country. On day one, I’ll reverse his immoral ban.
 There’s nowhere I’d rather kick off this big day of bill signings than There is nothing better than being in…
If we want to talk about McDonald’s golden arches being a symbol of the best of America, the arches are falling short. Working people deserve livable wages.
Dreamers deserve peace of mind. As president, I will take action to reinstate and expand DACA. I won’t stop fighting until Dreamers are finally recognized as American citizens.
A study shows more than 1 in 5 Black women report maternal mistreatment. This is a crisis. Black women are dying and they must be heard. Congress must pass my Maternal CARE Act to ensure Black and minority women receive the care they deserve.
Trump promised affordable health care, then tried to rip care away from millions.Said he was for working people, then passed a tax bill benefitting the top 1% ; corporations.He’s ripped babies from their parents ; called neo-Nazis "fine people." It’s time for a new president.
I worked at when I was a student, doing french fries and ice cream. There wasn't a family relying on me to pay the bills — but that's the reality for too many workers today. Proud to stand with today for livable wages and a safe working environment. 
To all Dreamers: I will stand with you. Your lives have been thrown into chaos by the Trump Administration and it’s time we lived up to our promise to you. 
How much money you have in your bank account shouldn’t determine whether or not you sit in jail while you await trial. 
We’re at a moment where our democracy is being tested. The president obstructed justice and we need someone who can successfully prosecute the case against this Administration. Help us win this fight. 
I can't wait to take the debate stage on June 27 at 9 p.m. ET to discuss how we can build a better America together. 
 How would fight gun violence if elected president?We break down her platform in the latest post in our…
Everyone deserves access to safe, affordable, and comprehensive reproductive health care and we won’t stop fighting to defend that right.
Dreamers represent the best of who we are as a nation. That’s why, as president, I will do everything in my power to roll back Trump’s anti-immigrant agenda and put Dreamers on a path to citizenship. 
My executive actions will protect over 6 million immigrants from deportation and provide a path to citizenship for Dreamers. We can’t let them continue to live their lives in fear. 
History repeats itself. We must be better than this. 
We have put the burden entirely on women to hold corporations accountable for pay discrimination through costly lawsuits that can be difficult to prove. When I am president, that will end. Under my equal pay plan, corporations have to pay women equally or pay the price.
As we commemorate the 30th anniversary of  let's remember the fight for worker equality is alive today and needs our support. I stand with  and the downtown security officers. We must stand together with workers to hold corporations accountable.
He has engaged in a cover up. He's obstructed justice. He openly welcomes foreign collusion. When I'm President, I won't fear an independent Department of Justice, I'll restore one. This president is a clear and present threat to democracy. 
Dreamers are just as American as any of we are and deserve to have a president who will fight for them. Let’s give them peace of mind and fix this broken system. 
Las Vegas: We’re hosting an organizing rally and would love to see you there. Grab your friends, grab your family, and join us to learn more about our campaign and how our platform will help working families. 
Iowa, thank you for sharing your belief in what our country can be. I can’t wait to be back. 
This Administration's anti-immigrant agenda flies in the face of our nation's values. 
The world lost a remarkable man 56 years ago when civil rights activist Medgar Evers was assassinated. His continued fight throughout his life to end segregation in Mississippi and secure our right to vote serves as an inspiration to this day.
China is listening.Russia is listening.North Korea is listening. Let’s speak the truth: this president is a national security threat. 
Trump is trying to punish people for being poor. 
Here’s the America we’ll build when Trump is out of office: Families are kept together, not torn apart. Children are cared for, not kept in cages. Dreamers are finally recognized for who they are: Americans.
Richard Loving had a message for the Supreme Court about interracial marriages: “Tell the Court I love my wife, and it is just unfair that I can't live with her in Virginia."He and his wife Mildred won, guaranteeing interracial marriages are legal in the eyes of the law. 
Dreamers represent the best of who we are. America is their home. As president, I will take executive action to immediately expand DACA, keep families together, and protect millions of immigrants from fear of deportation.
Every day we don’t act to protect Dreamers is another day our country is failing an important moral test. As president, I will take executive action to put America’s Dreamers on a path to citizenship. We must build a future that lives up to our values. 
Today we remember the 49 lives — mostly Latinx and LGBTQ+ — cut short from hate and gun violence three years ago. In their memory, let’s act to prevent the next heartbreak.
The people in power are no match for the power of the people.  

Here's my big idea that we all should support: Pay teachers their value. 
It’s time we embrace hand-marked paper ballots on a national scale. 
 snuck a clause in their credit card customers’ terms of service that would waive your right to join class action lawsuits against the bank. I’ve taken on big banks before and secured billions for homeowners. I’ll do the same as president. Chase: reverse this decision.
It is a sad state of affairs when this is considered a heartwarming story. Ryan is so thoughtful and generous — but let this be a reminder to us all: we must reform our school lunch programs. No child should ever go hungry. 
As the U.S. Women’s National Team takes the field against Thailand today, the players are also fighting to be paid equally. Let’s not forget the fight off the field. It’s time we pay our USWNT equally. 
Good luck to the — especially California’s own and We are already inspired. 
My friend has been an advocate for all people throughout his career and now he's running for U.S. Senate! I enjoyed seeing him this weekend and hope you'll check out his announcement video below. 
For many gun violence survivors, even after their physical wounds have healed, health problems from lead in bullets can last a lifetime. Just another reason why, as president, I won’t wait on Congress. I’ll take action on gun violence. 
Grateful to everyone who took time out of their Sunday to attend our town hall in Waterloo last night. No matter your party affiliation, you are welcome in our campaign. 
The Do No Harm Act would ensure that no one can use the law to discriminate against someone because of race, gender, sexual orientation, or gender identity. It’s vital we protect the civil rights of all Americans.
My mother used to say, you don’t let people tell them who you are. You tell them who you are. 
Let's speak truth: Women in America are still not being treated equally, valued equally, or paid equally in this country. It’s upon us to take on this fight so that all of our daughters can enter the workforce without fear of being undervalued.
 Thank you, for speaking up for LGBTQ youth across the country. So-called "conversion therapy" is a dangerous and di…
This election is a fight to make the case for our America. Where you only need one job to pay the bills. Where corporations are held accountable for paying women equally and treating workers with dignity. Where everyone has access to clean air and water.
A big thank you to all the volunteers yesterday who came out to support our campaign in Iowa. We can’t do this without you. 
Today in 1963, President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law. Yet to this day women aren’t paid their fair share. My equal pay plan would build on his Act by requiring corporations to show they’re not engaging in pay discrimination — and penalize those that do.
I was deeply honored that Emily Lyons attended our Alabama event this weekend. In 1998, Emily was working at an abortion clinic in Birmingham when a bomb went off and she was gravely injured. Her courage and commitment to defending reproductive freedom inspires me. 
Unions gave us the five-day work week, paid sick leave, safer working conditions, and the 8-hour work day. Unions fight for working people, which is why I fight for them.
Californian Tu Le needs a bone marrow transplant to survive and both of his brothers in Vietnam are 100% genetic matches — yet were denied visas. The owes us answers. 
 Running for president: That's what women do! 
The LIFT Act is a real tax cut for the middle-class. It ensures hard-working families can do more than just get by — they can thrive. 
We need to prosecute the case against four more years of Trump and make the case for our America. 
I’ve always been motivated by a vision of a criminal justice system that is fair and treats everyone equally. Here’s what we want. 
So-called “conversion therapy” is a fraudulent and harmful practice, condemned by the medical community. Congress must pass the bill I’ve cosponsored to ban this practice in all 50 states.
No one is above the law, not even the President of the United States. 
It was great seeing you in Columbia tonight, Jaime. Thank you for your bold leadership in helping build a more inclusive and diverse Democratic Party!
We’ve got to hold this president accountable by prosecuting the case in front of the American people against four more years of this Administration.And I’ve prosecuted a lot of cases. But rarely one with this much evidence. 
What we want is a justice system where no one is above the law, not even the president of the United States. 
There are those who have questioned my motivations, my beliefs, and what I’ve done as a prosecutor. But I knew that it mattered who is in the rooms making the decisions, so I had to be in those rooms. We have to be in those rooms even when there aren’t many like us there. 
The heroes of my youth were the lawyers of the civil rights movement — people like Thurgood Marshall, Charles Hamilton Houston, and Constance Baker Motley. They demonstrated how the law could be a tool for fairness and a weapon in the fight for justice.
As San Francisco's DA, I created Back on Track, a program designed to prevent recidivism among nonviolent, low-level drug defendants. The program provided job training and support and strengthened the community. More initiatives like these can reform our criminal justice system.
Waterloo, I can’t wait to be in town Sunday, June 9 for a town hall to discuss how we can move our country forward. Let’s give our teachers a raise, let’s stop the gun violence epidemic, and let’s make Medicare for All a reality.
This Administration is denying U.S. embassy requests to fly the pride flag. Absolutely shameful.
Happy birthday to one of my personal heroes, For years, she has selflessly fought for gun safety. Gabby’s bravery in the face of adversity inspires me to keep fighting for the ideals of our country.
92% of all women killed by guns in high-income countries lived in the United States in 2015. It doesn’t have to be this way. When elected president, I will close the “boyfriend loophole” to prevent dating partners convicted of domestic violence from purchasing guns.
It shouldn’t be a radical idea that everyone has the right to breathe clean air. Yet in 2019, this Administration is actively working to weaken fuel emission standards. California will fight back. 
100 Americans are killed by guns every single day. Hundreds more are shot and injured. Since Congress hasn’t acted, I will as president. We’ve lost too many friends, family members, and neighbors to gun violence to do nothing.  
We can choose to not accept mass shootings as normal. But it’s going to take leaders with the courage to stand up to the This is a fight I will take on as president. 
Americans shouldn’t have to foot the bill of the Trump Trade Tax.  
We need to go on offense and ensure unconstitutional laws that hurt women never go into effect.  
 Today on National Gun Violence Awareness Day, Americans from coast to coast are wearing orange to honor victims and survivo…
No parent should ever have to contemplate buying their child a bulletproof backpack to keep them safe at school. No child should ever have to fear a mass shooting at their school. Yet this is reality in America. Together, we can change that. 
Today, and every day we honor the victims of gun violence and fight for a future free from these tragedies.  
 Hadiya Pendleton was 15 when she was shot and killed in Chicago. She had just finished her final exams. Today, we 
 This was such a cool moment at HQ. These folks have put their lives on hold, moved to Baltimore from all over the countr…
The American people deserve a raise. One of the first things I’ll do as president is pass the LIFT Act to ensure the economy starts working again for working people by giving families up to $500/mo. I’ve met too many folks who are working 2-3 jobs just to make ends meet. Enough.
Join people across the country who are hosting a debate watch party to hear how we can make our government work  again. Text DEBATE to 70785 to sign up to host. 
“These are not ordinary times and this is not an ordinary election. At stake is not simply the leadership of our party and even our country. It is our right to moral leadership of this planet.” —Bobby Kennedy
Could not be more excited to have these two political powerhouses on our team. 
 Game on Iowa - see you this weekend!  
If we want to reform the criminal justice system, giving public defenders the support and resources they need is a critical part of the equation.
June 6, 2005, the Supreme Court ruled medical marijuana could be prosecuted despite state laws. As San Francisco’s DA, I wasn’t having it. We were not using our resources to prosecute patients. It’s on us to legalize marijuana at the federal level.
51 years ago, our nation lost one of the strongest leaders in the fight for moral and economic justice. Bobby Kennedy said, “Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly,” so in this pivotal moment, let us strive to achieve greatly and bring about a better world.
As we recognize D-Day, we must remember the bravery of soldiers like Tom from California, whose actions eventually brought an end to WWII. These brave soldiers defended freedom in the face of fascism, creating a better world for future generations.
No one deserves to be denied work, education, or public accommodations because of who they are. The GOP must bring the Equality Act to the Senate floor to provide the LGBTQ+ community explicit and comprehensive protection from discrimination — nationwide.
My promise to you: As president, I will have my Department of Justice block dangerous abortion restrictions before they take effect in states that have pushed unconstitutional anti-choice legislation, ensuring that states can’t chip away at women’s rights.
Atlanta! Keep your eyes open. If you see Gumbo please email FindGumb 
No parent should ever have to worry their child will come face-to-face with a school shooter — but for parents of children with disabilities, there is an extra layer of concern. We cannot let this go unnoticed. 
This Administration rolled back the Clean Power Plan and weakened environmental protections. They’ve endangered our ability to breathe clean air and water. Who is in the White House matters. As president, I will work to restore and bolster environmental protections.
We’re a campaign powered by regular folks pitching in a few dollars at a time to make a difference. Together we can move this country forward to ensure health care is a right for all Americans and teachers are paid their value and more. 
No woman's access to reproductive health care should be based on how much money she has. We must repeal the Hyde Amendment.
There’s a reason I have the sign “Dreamers welcome here” outside my Senate office. Dreamers grew up here. This is the only country they’ve ever known. I will never stop fighting for Dreamers in the Senate. Let's bring the  to a vote. We owe it to them.
When Corinthian Colleges preyed on veterans and students, I obtained over $1 billion in relief for those impacted by Corinthian’s scam. I have always fought for the people, and as president will never stop.
This Administration has targeted women right from the start. They’ve:→Rolled back campus sexual assault protections→Gutted equal pay rules →Attempted to limit access to contraception and safe abortionI will always stand up and protect women’s rights.
IOWA: I’m back this Sunday, June 9th, for another town hall. We’re in this fight together,  I can’t wait to hear from each of you on your ideas to make this nation work for everyone, not just the top 1%. Say you’ll be there.
As a gay man, Bayard Rustin fought for his rights and the rights of others during the civil rights movement. An influential and effective organizer, his role in the March on Washington and our nation’s history will never be forgotten.  
With this president, we’re in a fight for truth itself. As our nation’s leaders continue to lie and undermine our democratic institutions, I know that we are better than this.
Wishing a joyous and blessed Eid al-Fitr to all those celebrating in the United States and around the world. May this day mark a new beginning and renewed commitment to community. 
Now is the time to end gerrymandering. Politicians shouldn’t be able to pick their voters, voters should choose their representatives. I stand with and took pledge to support fair districts and end manipulation.
The census should not be used as a political weapon.
These past few years have been some of the deadliest for the transgender community, especially trans women of color. Anti-transgender violence and bigotry have no place in our nation. This pride month, and every month, we will fight for your safety and security. 
The burden of pay discrimination should not be put on women. When I am president, corporations will have to prove they are paying women equally. 
Sounds like our mother. Stories like this remind me that she’s still with us today.
Last week, twelve people didn’t make it home to their families and friends in Virginia Beach. I’m sick and tired of it. People need to feel safe again. This senseless violence must end. 
As San Francisco’s District Attorney, I helped make California the first state to ban the “gay/trans panic” defense, which was often used to justify horrendous violence against the LGBTQ+ community. It’s time we pass the bill to ban it nationwide.
No matter what language you speak, where you live, or who you love — you are welcome in our campaign. Let’s fight together.
Instead of requiring women to prove they’re being paid less than the men doing the same work, the responsibility should be on corporations to prove they’re paying everyone equally. And if they fail to do it, they will be fined.
 we've stood together to make our nation a better place for workers everywhere and will stand together for the fight ahead. 
Renters’ incomes have increased by only 5% since 1960 while rent has risen by 61%. The increase in rent prices is outrageous. My Rent Relief Act would ease that crushing burden and raise incomes for working families up to $500 a month.
Proud to fight  with and my team by my side. 
Remember when Trump claimed he'd protect health care, then turned around and tried to rip health care from millions of families? We need a new president. 
Our campaign is powered by grassroots supporters. No corporate PACs. No federal lobbyists. Every dollar you give goes towards fighting for a better, more prosperous America for all. 
Saddened to learn of the passing of Leah Chase. I was with her family earlier this year and I send them my deepest condolences. They spoke of her civil rights activism, love of family, and passion for food. The Queen of Creole Cuisine will be dearly missed. 
We’ve spent enough time talking about the gender pay gap, we need to act now.  
 After the madness on the MoveOn  stage, ; I had a fun backstage moment w/ ;
Two years ago, Trump pulled us out of the Paris Climate Agreement. This irrational decision abdicated our global leadership on this issue. As President, I will immediately re-enter the Paris Agreement ; make climate cooperation a key diplomatic priority. We can’t afford to wait.
 "It's not a debatable point. Women have been paid less than men for decades for the same work. is taking…
 “Enough! This isn’t a debatable point that women are paid less than men for the same work. The issue is what are we goi…
  talks equal pay for equal work at the   Forum. WATCH:  
  just took the stage at MoveOn’s  Forum! 
While June is Gun Violence Awareness Month, gun violence is an issue Americans face every day. We must do all we can to keep our communities and safe. If Congress will not act, I will. Too many lives have been lost.
Blown away by the enthusiasm and support of our  volunteers. Let's take this energy and harness it as we work to make our communities and nation a better place  
The president obstructed justice, then hired an attorney general to clean up the crime scene. We need to begin impeachment proceedings and we need a new commander in chief. 
On this issue I'm just done: The pay gap needs to close. 
 is a time to proudly celebrate who you are. As we recognize the rich history and contributions of the LGBTQ+ community, let’s renew our commitment to dignity, acceptance, and equal rights for everyone.
California✅⁣Family✅ 
Over the past month, we've recognized  Month. As president, I will ensure that people living with a mental illness receive the attention and support they deserve. Everyone should have the resources they need to thrive.
Heartbroken for the victims and their families of the Virginia Beach shooting and grateful for the first responders on the scene. This senseless act of violence should not be normal. Too many communities have been shattered by gun violence — we cannot continue to stand idly by. 
You don't have to be an adult or have a fancy title to be a leader. 
Could not have been happier to stop by Jones Coffee Roasters, a small family-owned coffee shop in Pasadena, CA. Of course I had to pick up a bag for my family! 
Trump’s plan to slap massive tariffs on Mexico is precisely what I warned the American people about on It will mean Americans foot the bill. This is the Trump Trade Tax. 
The fight for health care is personal for me. 
Reminder: The Republican-controlled Senate still hasn’t taken up the Violence Against Women Act. It’s shameful that survivors of domestic and sexual assault aren’t getting the resources they need.
Women have agency. Women have value. Women have the constitutional authority to make decisions about their own bodies.As president, I will fight for that right.
We have seen proof that anti-Semitism, sexism, homophobia, transphobia, and Islamophobia are real. We have a president who has been fanning the flames of hate. It’s time we had a president who lifted people up.
Here’s what the potential closing of Missouri’s only clinic that provides safe abortions would mean for low-income families and communities of color. 
Dangerous attacks on women’s constitutional right to an abortion are outrageous no matter what party you’re in. My message to the Gov. of Louisiana: women have agency, women have value, women have authority to make decisions about their own lives—and we will not go backward. 
Nearly 50 years after Stonewall, transgender and gay rights pioneers Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Rivera will be immortalized for the critical part they played in moving LGBTQ+ rights forward.
This is no ordinary moment in our history. And this will not be an ordinary election. But together, we will fight back — and we will win. Chip in to help us get there. 
 June 1st, will attend   Forum to discuss one bold ; progressive idea that will have an impact o…
Private prisons that profit off the incarceration of human beings are morally wrong. Thank you, Assemblywoman for spearheading the push to make Nevada the fourth state in the country to ban private prisons. 
Our democracy is at its strongest and most powerful when everyone participates. This fight will not be meaningful or robust unless everyone takes part. 
Thinking of and the entire Biden family today. Beau Biden was my friend. We were AGs together, and you couldn’t find a person who cared more deeply for his family, the nation he served, and the state of Delaware. Four years after his passing, I still miss him. 
That’s right. Learn more about my plan here: 
Russia interfered in our 2016 elections. Mueller couldn’t be more clear: we must prioritize protecting our elections from hackers and foreign adversaries intent on undermining our democracy. Congress needs to pass the Secure Elections Act now. 
When the bankers who crashed our economy get bonuses but the workers who brought our country back are barely getting by, it’s clear: this economy isn’t working for working people. The LIFT Act would help us get back on track and raise incomes for workers by up to $500/mo.
Yesterday, I announced my plan to go on offense and protect every woman’s constitutional right to abortion. It’s time we trust women to be in charge of their future.  
What Robert Mueller basically did was return an impeachment referral. Now it is up to Congress to hold this president accountable.We need to start impeachment proceedings. It's our constitutional obligation.
Happy birthday to our daughter, Ella. My heart is whole and my life is full with you in it.Love, Momala 
We need someone who has a proven ability to prosecute the case against this Administration and its agenda. I know how to do that. And we're going to win. 
Help us keep this momentum going. Can you chip in? 
When Trump said women should be punished for having an abortion, he showed us what he believes. 
Our democracy is at its strongest and most powerful when everyone participates.
We have a president who isn’t trying to make America great, he's trying to make America hate. We need to get rid of him. 
Organized labor and unions are the reason all of us have a five-day work week. They are the reason we have sick leave. Unions built America's middle class.
 As an immigrant, I’ve seen Kamala Harris fight for immigration reform. She has been a champion for immigrants, DREAMERS…
This president has separated children from their parents and called it border security. No, it's a human rights abuse. 
As president, one of the first things I’ll do is pass the LIFT Act. The economy should be working for everyone, not just the ultra-wealthy and top 1%. 
The idea that this president, on foreign soil, attacked the previous Vice President of the United States — I don't care about the differences on policy issues, I don't care what the differences are in terms of party affiliation — it is wrong. 
Access to health care should be a right, not just a privilege for those who can afford to get it. That is why I support Medicare for All. 
This president has demonstrated a clear pattern of obstructing justice. We have to hold him accountable for that.
 Sen. Harris: "I am going to put in place and require that states that have a history of passing legislation that is designed to…
This president has defied who we are morally and who we say we are to the world. 
I have a simple message for corporations: Pay women equally or pay the price. 
As President, I will stop dangerous state laws restricting reproductive rights before they go into effect. 
Women's ability to have access to reproductive health is under attack in America. Are we going to go back to the days of back alley abortions? Women died before we had Roe v. Wade in place. That can't be our America. 
Only one more hour until our town hall in South Carolina on Be sure to tune in and follow along here. 
 Coming out has been one of the greatest privileges of my life ; I’m grateful to say that Kamala played a part in it as…
Ally is an inspiration. Her story can teach us all about the importance of speaking our truths. 
Don’t wait: Order your Pride for the People merch now to get it in time for Pride celebrations 🌈
 Every candidate in this field should know it’s not enough to simply call yourself pro-choice—you must back up your words with a…
Women died from unsafe abortions in the time before Roe v. Wade. Overturning Roe would have severe consequences and put women’s health and lives at risk. We will fight with everything we have to protect our constitutional right to abortion.
I will always fight for a woman’s right to make her own decisions about her body and her family. 
Erica’s story is America’s story: a story of hope, determination, and finding her American dream. 
A woman’s constitutional right to an abortion is under attack. Today I announced a plan as president to block these dangerous and deadly state laws before they take effect. 
Reproductive rights are not just protected by the Constitution of the United States but must be guaranteed in every state. This is a direct attack on women’s health.
 Heading to South Carolina w/ for townhall tonight—tune in at 10PM ET! ✈️✈️✈️ 
Tonight’s the night! I’ll be in South Carolina for our town hall on at 10 p.m. ET / 7 p.m. PT where I’ll lay out my plans for a brighter future for America. 
 Tuesday at 10 p.m. ET: hosts a special town hall event with Sen. Harris on 
Days like Memorial Day can be particularly tough for some veterans. If you are a veteran or know one that is struggling, please pass along this information: Call 1 (800) 273-8255 and press 1 Or text to 838255
 We asked Dem presidential candidates to honor the true meaning of today. Here is what they sent. We thank them all, and remem…
As we spend time with family and friends this  let’s remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice so our nation can be safe and free. We are forever in their debt.
These bans won’t end abortion; they will just end safe and legal abortions.
This week I released a plan that would force corporations to prove they are not engaging in pay discrimination. The gender pay gap won’t quickly close on its own unless we take action. Corporations must be held accountable.
SOUTH CAROLINA: I’m headed your way again next week for an education town hall to discuss the critical issues facing our nation. Can’t wait to hear from you. RSVP now→
The Trump Administration continues to break up families and deport people who pose no harm to public safety. This is unconscionable. As president, I will reinstate DACA and implement DAPA to protect Dreamers and their parents from deportation.  
We are failing victims of sexual assault. We must listen to their stories, then fight for justice. Do not ignore these strong survivors.
Our economy isn’t working for most Americans. An unexpected expense shouldn’t throw your life into financial chaos. My LIFT Act will give families up to $500 per month to help make ends meet. 
Republicans want to allow adoption agencies to discriminate against LGBTQ+ couples when they want to adopt children. We are better than this.
No corporate PACs. No federal lobbyists. You are the core of our campaign. Every dollar matters to ensure we can meet as many voters as possible. Pitch in today. 
Here’s a startling statistic: Nearly one out of every five teachers in America stops teaching after five years. This hurts our kids. Teachers deserve our support. That’s why I introduced a plan to raise teacher's pay an average of $13,500 a year.
Almost one-third of transgender Americans already lack regular access to health care. This decision would make things worse. We will fight this. 
Those at the top are thriving, while the middle-class is barely scraping by. One of the first things I’d do as president is reverse Trump’s tax scam and use that money to give the middle class a real tax cut. 
I can’t sit by knowing Black women in America are far more likely to die from pregnancy-related complications than others. Let’s do something about it. 
Our team has set an ambitious fundraising goal to raise $500,000 online before midnight on Friday, May 31. I hope I can count on you to pitch in for our last end-of-month deadline before the presidential debates.
The Equality Act is critical to ending discrimination against sexual orientation and gender identity nationwide. No one should ever be fired from their job or dehumanized because of who they are. Republicans, bring this bill to the Senate floor now.
For every Republican lawmaker determined to restrict women’s rights to her own body, there are thousands of people across the country ready to speak up and fight back for our reproductive rights. 
In case these past few weeks haven’t made it clear: Roe v. Wade is under attack. Lawmakers across our nation are trying to take a woman’s right to make decisions about her body away from her. We will fight with everything we have to protect that right.
It’s about time we close the gender pay gap that exists in our nation.
This is unconstitutional, un-American, and must be stopped. Period.
Together we are building a campaign that reflects America’s diversity. 
Need some new recipe ideas for the weekend? I’ve got you covered. 
The onus shouldn’t be on working women to prove they aren’t being paid equally, it should be on large corporations. As far as I am concerned, this is a simple American value — pay people for the work they do.
My message to corporations: Time to prove you're paying women equally. 
Waitresses, rideshare drivers, short order cook. Those are just a few jobs almost 1 in 5 teachers work outside the school system just to make ends meet. When I am president, teachers will be paid fairly.
My Maternal CARE Act I re-introduced would establish implicit bias training through the medical profession to help ensure women — especially Black women — have access to comprehensive, culturally competent care. A healthy mom means a healthier baby, community, and society.
Let’s speak truth: Climate change is real.
I stand in solidarity with workers across the country on the picket lines today as they demand a $15 minimum wage, the right to unionize, and a workplace free from sexual harassment. Workers deserve the rights and benefits they've earned. 
Pride is just around the corner and we want to make sure you get your merch in time for the celebrations. Don’t miss your chance to order our new pride line. 
There is no federal law that exists that addresses cyber exploitation, which is why I joined my colleagues in the House to ensure perpetrators are brought to justice.  
Because of my equal pay plan we released this week, Los Angeles Councilmember launched Equal Pay LA to implement our plan on a local scale. Proud that L.A. is leading the way to close the pay gap and ensure women are paid fairly.
We cannot abandon our democracy for the sake of appeasing a president who is completely focused on his interests. 
 U.S. Senator and presidential candidate returns to the Late Show tonight!  
Staying up late? Make sure to catch my interview with at 11:35/ 10:35c. 
Pay gap disparities means women on average lose out on $400,000 over the course of their career. That number is even higher for Latina, Native American, and Black women, who lose almost $1M in wages. My equal pay plan will end this fundamental unfairness.
Over the past few years we’ve seen the amazing spirit of the American people. I know that together we can create a nation where everyone is guaranteed health care, teachers are paid their value, and more. Help us reach our end-of-month goal.
Republican’s attempts to end Roe v. Wade won’t end abortion; it will just end safe and legal abortions. Read Carla’s difficult story of a time before the affirmation of Roe. 
 TONIGHT: The Democratic Senator from California running to be the next President of the United States, Senator
Russia interfered in the 2016 election. If we don’t do anything to upgrade our election infrastructure, we will leave our nation vulnerable to future attacks. We must embrace hand-marked paper ballots and it’s imperative Congress pass the PAVE Act to protect our elections.
Black mothers across the country are facing a health crisis that is driven in part by implicit bias in our health care system. I re-introduced my Maternal CARE Act to take action to address this issue, and do it with the sense of urgency it deserves. 
Approximately one-third of transgender Americans experience homelessness in their lifetime. Today's heartless proposal from the Trump Administration will put them at even greater risk. 
40% of Americans say they don’t have enough cash to cover a $400 emergency expense. My LIFT Act would deliver some relief by reversing Trump’s trillion-dollar tax scam for big corporations and the top 1% and use that money to give the middle class a tax cut.
The health status and the well-being of Black mothers should concern everyone. Today I re-introduced my Maternal CARE Act to ensure women are listened to in our health care system.
California’s first openly LGBTQ+ elected official, Harvey Milk, illuminated courage and tenacity. His memory serves as an inspiration to us all to speak up for everyone’s civil rights — even when it’s difficult. Until all of us are equal, none of us are equal. 
If big corporations won’t prioritize equal pay, I’m not afraid to take them on. I've been in those fights before. I’ve taken on big banks, predatory colleges, and big oil. Ensuring women are paid fairly for the work they do is a fight worth having.
This Trump tax scam continues to generate serious consequences for some of our nation’s most vulnerable. 
When we talk equal pay and the right to choose, we are talking about whether we value women. 
Tomorrow is  first session, our organizing program designed to give you the tools you need organize your local community. No tents or sleeping bag needed. Sign up now: 
As the daughter of a single working mother in a male-dominated field, I know the fight to be treated equally in the workplace has persisted for generations. I have a plan to fix it. 
Let's speak this truth: women in America are not being valued, respected, or treated as equal. From draconian abortion bans, to unequal pay, to gross harassment and assault in the workplace, this has to end.
We will fight with everything we have to defend access to reproductive health care. 
There’s nothing more powerful than people speaking up for what we all know is right. I stand in solidarity with those across the country to  We will fight with everything we’ve got to protect a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions.
Don’t let this go unnoticed: Children are dying in our care and it must stop. A society is judged based on how it treats children and history will judge this Administration harshly. 
This is for real. 
My equal pay plan would finally put the burden of ensuring equal pay on corporations — not the women experiencing discrimination. It’s time women earn the wages they deserve for equal work. 
My plan for equal pay would:→ Make companies prove they’re not paying women less than men for work of equal value→ Fine companies that discriminate against women and invest those fines in universal paid family and medical leave→ Overhaul anti-discrimination laws
Absolutely horrific. We must continue to fight against transphobia and bigotry. Muhlaysia's family and friends are in my heart. 
In the past, our nation has put the burden entirely on women to stand up in court just to get the pay they’ve earned. It’s time to flip the script. Let’s make corporations prove they’re paying women equally, and fine those that can’t. Say you’re with me: 
I have a simple message for corporations: Pay women fairly or pay the price.
It’s an outrage that women have to work more hours to pay off their student debt. It’s an outrage new mothers are penalized for taking time off to care for their kids. It’s an outrage the wage gap has barely budged this entire century. Let's change that. 
Closing the teacher pay gap is a key part of our campaign because investing in our future starts with investing in our schools. Join me and on June 4 (or right now by mail) to lower class sizes and stand with teachers and students.
Women shouldn't bear the burden to prove they're not being paid fairly. It's time for large corporations to step up and prove they're paying people equally for equal work. 
It’s time we hold corporations accountable for gender pay gaps. Today I released a plan that would ensure women are paid fairly. Say you’re with me. 
Thank you, LA, for a fantastic time! It’s always great to be back in California to discuss how America can work once again  Now please, no  spoilers before and I get home.
We have an Administration that is trying to goad Iran into war, but is not doing a thing about the 20 veterans a day who die by suicide. We will not stand for dishonoring our veterans in that way. 
In America today, women are paid 80 cents on the dollar. It is an outrage and has to change. Tomorrow, I will announce a plan to close the pay gap and hold corporations accountable. There will be penalties if they don’t. 
Robert Smith has just given these graduates a fresh start as they step into the next chapter of their lives. I look forward to a day when these generous gestures are no longer necessary. Let's build a future with debt-free education. 
As California’s Attorney General, I made ending the rape kit backlog a priority. In 2012 we cleared the backlog of unexamined kits, so more sexual assault survivors received justice. It’s time our nation did the same.
Every day we wait, every day we don’t address maternal mortality, is a day that a Black mother could die. Let’s end this trend. 
When women are at the table, positive change can and will happen. The future looks very bright.
We cannot go back to the days before Roe v. Wade when women were dying from unsafe abortions. Women should be able to make their own choices about their bodies. And doctors should be able to provide care safely and without fear. Full stop.
Congratulations on entering the next great chapter of your lives. I know you are just getting started. 
Two things in life shaped who I am today: my mother and Howard University. HBCUs empower students and the work they do matters. That’s why I fought for a bill that passed the Senate to preserve and improve these historic colleges and universities. 
Thanks to the Connecticut activists who have made this victory possible. The fight for $15 continues until we can take it nationwide. This is a fight we can win. 
Thankful for our brave servicemembers this  and every day. They give so much to keep our nation safe and we must honor their sacrifice by ensuring they have support when they come back home, including job training, health care, and mental health services.
It’s time to stand together to fight for reproductive rights. Donate now:  
Public defenders are often overworked and overlooked. At its core, my Equal Defense Act would ensure public defenders are paid as much as prosecutors, establish workload limits, and fund additional training. Counsel is a constitutional right — we must live up to that ideal. 
Even as states like Georgia, Alabama, Kentucky, Ohio, and Mississippi are hell-bent on overturning Roe v. Wade and outlawing abortion in this country, there are more of us across the country who are ready to defend women’s reproductive freedom. We won’t go backward.
Be sure to tune in to watch our Town Hall in South Carolina on Tuesday, May 28 at 10 p.m. ET. I’ll discuss my plan to reverse Trump’s trillion-dollar tax scam for big corporations and the top 1% and use that money to give the middle class a tax cut.
Let’s elect more women. 
Once again, another state legislature joins those restricting a woman’s constitutional rights. This decision belongs between a woman and her doctor — not a woman, her doctor, and politicians.
Great to be back in Nevada yesterday to hear from folks who are organizing their communities and fighting for the issues they care about from immigration to criminal justice reform. Thanks to and Hispanics in Politics for hosting me. 
Today we recognize International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia, and Biphobia, a day to commit to protecting LGBTQ* rights around the world. As president, I will fight to ensure the LGBTQ* community has an ally in the White House. No one should have to fight alone. 
Many women don’t even know they’re pregnant at 8-weeks. We need to fight back now, more ever, for the women of Missouri and women everywhere.
No harm in announcing twice. 
The Equality Act just passed the House, sending a clear message that discrimination against LGBTQ* people won’t be tolerated. No one should ever be denied work, service, or a place to live because of who they are or who they love. I urge the GOP to bring it to the Senate floor.
Brown v. Board is personal to me. My class was only the second after busing integrated Berkeley Public Schools. Without this decision, I likely wouldn’t be a U.S Senator. It’s critical we combat the racial inequalities that still exist in our schools.
Make no mistake, Roe v. Wade is under attack and we need to fight back. Help give to abortion rights organizations who remove financial and logistical barriers to abortion access and protect a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions:
Let me be clear: as president, I will fight to strengthen and expand Social Security and Medicare. For countless seniors, these programs mean the difference between skipping a few meals or putting food on the table. Let’s give them the dignity they were promised.
Assault weapons have flooded into the U.S. from foreign countries. Yesterday, I announced that, as president, I will take executive action to ban the importation of AR-15-style guns. Learn more about my plan to curb gun violence. 
This should not be who we are. These are not our values. And this will not happen when I am president.
There are only seven days left to sign up to join our organizing training program,  Join thousands of people from across the country who are getting ready to organize in their communities. 
The feeling is mutual,
Labor leader Philip Vera Cruz spoke up and organized protests against harsh farm working conditions. In 1965, he helped lead the Delano Grape Strike alongside Cesar Chavez and Dolores Huerta, prompting the formation of and launching the farm workers movement.  
This is a cruel attack on LGBTQ* families. 
Right now, 1 in 3 Americans do not live within a 10-minute walk of a quality local park. No matter their zip code, all children deserve access to the outdoors. This week, I re-introduced the Outdoors for All Act to establish funding for parks and other outdoor recreation areas.
Was great to meet Manchester Mayor yesterday. Can’t wait to be back! 
If Congress won’t act on gun violence, I will. 
 Great seeing field of Presidentail candidates having serious dicussions on how to reduct gun violence.  Thank you
Thank you, New Hampshire and for having me yesterday! Glad we could discuss the issues that matter — everything from defending reproductive rights, climate change, and how we can get imported assault weapons off the streets. 
Incredibly proud that together we were able to raise over $161K yesterday for women’s rights groups who are on the front lines of the fight to defend women’s health care ; access to abortion. It’s because of your support that we'll continue to fight back:
Sat down with to talk about why an investment in our nation's teachers is just the right thing to do. Paying teachers their value should be something we can all agree on. 
  is making gun safety a central part of her campaign, and every day brings more proof that gun safety will be…
I’m sick and tired of these attacks on women’s rights. We are fighting to raise $80,000 for the organizations on the front lines of this fight. Pitch in today: 
 Tonight, Sam is launching part one of her seemingly infinite series of interviews with 2020 candidates. Up first:
Blazers unite.
We must say loud and clear that women's health care is under attack. We will not stand for it and we won’t go down without a fight. Too much is at stake.
Restricting access to safe, legal abortion puts women’s lives at risk. We need your voice now, more than ever, in this fight. Join me in splitting a donation to and now: 
Women’s health care is under attack and we will not stand for it. 
We continue to be plagued by mass shootings, which are too often carried out by assault weapons. As president, I will take executive action to ban imports of these guns. Add your name to join me in the fight to stop gun violence:
 Thank you to Senator for making a pledge to ban the import of AR-15-style assault weapons if elected Presi…
I sponsored the bill to renew the assault weapons ban. We need to do it. But if Congress won’t act, I'll take executive action as President to ban imports of AR-15-style assault weapons. We can't afford to wait any longer as these guns flood our country. 
Outrageous news coming out of Alabama. This law would effectively ban abortions in the state and criminalize doctors for doing their jobs - providing health care to women. 
Unapologetically herself, actress, comedian, producer ; writer has proven on-screen ; off-screen that you can create your own opportunities. Growing up, she never saw a family like hers on TV. Today she’s opening doors for others following in her footsteps.  
NEW HAMPSHIRE: I’m headed back your way tomorrow for a town hall to talk more about the issues at the core of our campaign — and why our country needs new leadership in the White House. I can’t wait to see you. RSVP now→
Throughout my career I’ve been a fighter for people, challenging powerful special interest groups, taking on big banks, and predatory for-profit colleges. I’ll take that same fearlessness to the White House.
The Trump Administration has told farmers to be patient, but farmers across our nation can’t afford to wait. This Administration has proven time and time again that farmers are not a priority.  This trade war is hurting American workers and farmers. 
I would not be where I am today without the family who raised me and the teachers who supported me. It’s time we had a president who stands with our teachers and gives them a much-needed raise.
I can’t wait to take the stage on Tuesday, May 28 for our MSNBC town hall in South Carolina to discuss my plans to give teachers a raise, pass the most significant middle-class tax cut in generations, provide rent relief, combat gun violence in our communities, and more. 
Republican lawmakers in states like Louisiana, Alabama, and Missouri are actively working to eliminate women’s access to safe, legal abortion. It’s a direct effort to criminalize women for their health care decisions. This is unacceptable.
Still don’t think we should act on climate change? Ask the science guy...
 LGBTQ people still face discrimination in key areas of life, including:🏠housing🗂employment 🏟public services🏦credit 📚educatio…
We must protect equal rights for all, including the LGBTQ* community. It’s time we had a president that understood that. 
With a few hours left in the day, here’s all the  you need to make it through. 🏀🏃🏾‍♀️ 
I’m not afraid to stand up to the to protect our children. 
Over many decades, the rules of economics have been written to exclude the middle class and working families in America. That’s why I will repeal the Trump trillion dollar tax scam — and instead give the middle class a real tax cut.
Rodney Robinson, thank you for being an advocate for your kids, not just in the classroom. Your work and voice matters. 
Health equity for Black women can only happen if we recognize and address persistent biases in our health system. My Maternal CARE Act is a step in the right direction to ensure culturally competent and holistic care.
We don't need more good ideas. We need leaders with courage. 
I was raised by a mother who taught us that if you see a problem, you don't complain about it — you do something about it. That's why I'm running for president. We must stand up for our American values.
One of the most important ways we can support mothers is by making affordable childcare, equal pay, universal pre-K, and paid family leave a reality nationwide. 
My mother’s general philosophy was “speak the truth, be honest, and be clear of purpose.” I try to live by that every day.
We need a President who serves the public interest — not self-interest. 
On Mother's Day, it’s critical we discuss maternal mortality. Too many mothers of color die because they are left unheard at the doctor's office. Let's work towards a day where mothers of color are listened to and taken seriously. My Maternal CARE Act would do just that.
My mother, Shyamala, was a force of nature. She had such spirit and tenacity and I’m thankful to have been raised by her. I wish she were with us today. Happy  to all the mothers, step-mothers, and mother figures out there. 
We must recruit and retain teachers everywhere, especially in underserved communities. We should set up all students to succeed later in life. That starts with giving our teachers the raise and resources they deserve.
From lobbying to end segregation policies on her college’s campus, Representative Patsy Mink was a trailblazer from a young age. She would go on to serve in Congress, co-authoring Title IX to provide equal funding for women’s sports and education programs.  
When our government works to reject LGBTQ* rights and sow division within our communities, there’s never been a more important time to stand together. Show your support for the people with our new pride line. 
Congratulations to all of today’s graduates. As you go out into the world don’t be constrained by tradition, don’t let anyone tell you what you can’t do, and most of all, speak truth. 
“I had my hand on a metal baseball bat, just in case. ‘Cause I was going to go down fighting if I was going to go down.”Nate is only 12. Our nation’s leaders have failed our children. I won't: 
Too many women are kept in jail, not because they’re a threat to their community, but because they cannot afford to make bail. It's time we change the bail system and allow mothers to be home with their families.   
Gun violence is the leading cause of death for young Black men in this country — more than the next nine leading causes combined. This is a daily epidemic. We need to speak about tackling all gun-related tragedies, including those that don’t make the headlines.
While this Administration tries to roll back environmental protections and cozy up to Big Oil, as president, I will fight back to protect our natural resources and address climate change.
My plan for our nation’s teachers would: ✅Raise the average public school teacher's pay $13,500✅Reduce teacher turnover✅Provide critical support, training, and professional developmentRead our plan: 
Together we can build a brighter future not just for ourselves, but for future generations by guaranteeing health care for all, a $15 minimum wage, and more. 
Crouched in her classroom during a school shooting, Lillian texted her sister, “I know we had fights and everything our whole lives but I’m so glad you’ve been my sister and I really really love you.” We can end this.
Governor Sununu's veto is just plain wrong. We need a federal law requiring national paid family and medical leave so no American has to choose between caring for their families or putting food on the table. 
Of all the titles I've ever had, Momala is my favorite.
The response our grassroots organizing program  has been amazing so far. People from across our country are ready to join in and help us win this election. Say you’ll join us: 
Right now, we have a President who would rather give a teacher a gun than give a teacher a raise. That’s got to end. As president, I’ll make the largest investment in teacher pay in our country’s history and close the teacher pay gap, giving the average teacher a $13,500 raise.
Access to housing is a fundamental right, a human right, a civil right. And as president, I will implement the Rent Relief Act and LIFT Act to ensure all families can keep a roof over their head.
I believe that you can judge a society based on how it treats its children. And one of the greatest expressions of love that a society can make toward its children is to invest in their education and, by extension, their teachers. 
This bill would threaten women with years of jail time. It’s a blatant attempt to criminalize a woman’s constitutionally protected right to make her own health care decisions. 
Too often our criminal justice system fails to ensure defendants get a fair trial. The EQUAL Defense Act would ensure public defenders have the tools and resources necessary to secure equal justice under the law. 
Congratulations Chanda Jefferson for being named 2019 South Carolina Teacher of the Year! Thank you for nurturing the next generation of scientists and STEM leaders.   
June is Pride month — so we wanted to be sure you could get your merch in time to celebrate. Show your support for our fight for LGBTQ* equality with our limited-edition Pride gear:  
The U.S. is only 1 of 13 countries in the world where the maternal mortality rate is worse now than it was 25 yrs ago, and it particularly affects Black women. My Maternal CARE Act will address the persistent biases in our health system and work to end this public health crisis.
It couldn’t be more clear: Voting obstacles have suppressed the constitutional right to vote, in particular in Black communities. To counteract this we must strengthen the Voting Rights Act. 
LOS ANGELES: I’m headed your way on Sunday, May 19. Can’t wait to discuss my plans to give our nation’s teachers a raise, lift up working families, combat gun violence, and share my vision for a brighter future for our children. 
Sandra Bland should still be alive today. It’s outrageous that this video is only being released now. There must be accountability. It’s time Sandra’s family got justice. Reopen the investigation into her death now.  
This  month, learn more about five Asian-American politicians who paved the way for others after them from the governor’s mansion to the halls of Congress. 
Maternal deaths for Black women, along with Native Americans and Alaska natives are on the rise. Many of these deaths are preventable. We must do more to protect mothers in all communities. 
Eighteen-year-old Kendrick Castillo was killed while defending his classmates at STEM School Highlands Ranch. He saved lives. Kendrick is a hero.But he shouldn't have had to be. Our children deserve better. 
It’s time we had a leader who speaks out against hate in all its forms. As president, I won’t feed it, I won’t ignore it, and I won’t tolerate it.  
As California Attorney General, we took on for-profit Corinthian Colleges, and won $1 billion for victims who were left with useless degrees and mountains of debt. We must protect students from for-profit colleges who put profits ahead of educating students. 
All workers deserve a living wage, protections, benefits, and the right to join a union. Standing with the thousands of Uber and Lyft drivers across the country striking today.
Last week, the Trump Administration sought to repeal the Affordable Care Act, threatening Americans with disabilities. This is unacceptable. As president, I'll ensure all Americans receive the critical health care they need to live and thrive.
Camp Kamala is in all 50 states and Puerto Rico! Join thousands of people from across the country who have already signed up for our national organizing program: 
Nobody should have to worry about paying a medical bill to stay alive. Health care should be a right. It’s why I support Medicare for All.
How many more children have to watch their classmates get shot before Congress and the White House act? 
Shameful. The women of Georgia deserve better.
 It's shaping up to be a great summer -- already, folks have signed up for  in all 50 states and Puerto Rico,…
Listen to our deputy national field director tell you all about  our new 8-week online organizing program. I hope you’ll join and our team. 
Denver Spanish teacher Kelsey’s salary isn’t enough to open a savings account. “There are just days that I don’t know how much longer I can do it.” Average teacher salaries are down 4.5% in the past decade. It’s time we give them a raise. 
Here's what I think about this whole conversation about "electability." 
I am excited to announce  an 8-week nationwide online volunteer training program. You’ll learn how to be an organizer in your community and drum up support for our fight. Ready to get involved? Sign up now:  
I’m so inspired by the young leaders across the country who have shown up to our town halls and are getting involved in our democracy. Our children deserve a better leader than what we have now. I’m fighting to be that leader.
Ms. Foster was expelled from the all-white university 63 years ago because people did not like that she was the first Black student. This is long overdue recognition. 
Florida’s plan to allow guns in schools is dangerous. Putting a gun in the classroom is not the answer to curbing gun violence. Our children deserve real solutions. 
 Thank you for coming to Michigan to talk about your plans! 
This is outrageous. Prison officials must be held accountable after leaving Ms. Jackson alone without medical assistance for six hours as she gave birth.
These “feel-good” stories shouldn’t be necessary. They are proof the system is failing our teachers and students. There’s no question: we must pay our teachers their worth and properly fund education.
There has been a lot of conversation about “electability” and “who can speak to the Midwest?” Too often their definition of the Midwest leaves people out. That is short-sighted. We cannot get dragged into simplistic narratives or yesterday’s politics. 
It’s simple: teachers are helping educate and raise our country’s children. There shouldn’t be a single question about giving them a much-needed and deserved raise.
It’s time we had a leader who speaks out against hate in all its forms. 
Did you know our campaign does not accept money from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists? We’re building a truly grassroots-powered movement here and we rely on your support. Chip in to join us. 
Our party is not white or Black...Hispanic or Asian...immigrant or indigenous. It is all of us.This is our Party. This is the America we believe in.And it’s the America I’ll always fight for as President. 
When Black churches are burned to the ground in Louisiana - that is terrorism. 2018 was the deadliest year on record for domestic terrorism since the Oklahoma City Bombing more than 20 years ago. And as President, I won’t feed it. I won’t ignore it. And I won’t tolerate it.
When Black worshipers are gunned down during Bible study in Charleston - that is terrorism. When a bomb is set off at a mosque in Minnesota - that is terrorism. When a man shoots up a synagogue yelling anti-Semitic slurs - that is terrorism. 
It’s time we had a leader who speaks out against hate in all its forms. It’s time we had a President who’s not scared to call neo-Nazi violence what it is: domestic terrorism.I know we are better than this. 
Let’s speak truth here today - this President isn’t trying to make America great, he’s trying to make America hate. 
Right now we have a President who would rather give a teacher a gun than give a teacher a raise. That must end. 
And let's be clear -- there are two groups of people raising our children: parents, often with the assistance of grandparents ; aunties and uncles, and our teachers. Teachers are helping to raise the next generation of leaders and we are not paying them their value. 
It's been 65 years since Emmett Till, 52 years since three young Black men were killed at the Algiers Motel and seven years since Trayvon Martin. Yet, this is still everyday life for young Black people in America. Let's speak that truth. 
We have a criminal justice system that is deeply flawed, infected with bias, and in need of reform. 
The truth is, we need a new Voting Rights Act in this country with automatic voter registration, Election Day as a national holiday, and we need to fight back against Republicans who suppress our constitutional right to vote. 
Let’s say this loud and clear - without voter suppression: is Governor Stacey Abrams. is Governor Andrew Gillum. 
Our right to vote, the very foundation of our democracy, is under attack. 
When people ask me “How are you going to pay for middle-class tax cuts?” I'll tell you - I’m going to repeal that Trump trillion dollar tax cut that benefitted the top 1% and the biggest corporations in our country. 
As President, I’ll pass the largest tax cut for middle-class and working families in a generation. Families making less than $100,000 a year would receive $6,000 that they can access at up to $500 a month. 
That is what I have done from the first day I walked into the San Francisco DA’s office, from the first day I walked into the California AG's office, from the first day I walked into the U.S. Senate, and that is what I will do the first day I walk into the Oval Office.
The system is in need of reform—so let’s have people on the inside prepared to use their power to open doors and prepared to implement the agenda to make the system more fair and just. 
The Detroit NAACP has been at the forefront of the fight for justice - from taking on school desegregatation to housing discrimination to voter suppression. You are a national model. 
I’d like to wish a blessed Ramadan to Muslims observing around the world. It’s a time for reflection, compassion, and patience. Ramadan Kareem.
It’s past time our leaders recognize that our country faces a mental health crisis. I introduced legislation in the Senate to increase access to mental health care services and will continue to make it a priority when elected president.
I’m fed up with the inaction on gun violence. People are dying. Too many lives have been lost and too many communities are left to heal. We need leaders who will address this horrifying epidemic and have the courage to speak up.
We cannot wait for our broken health care system to fix itself. It’s on us to fight so that access to health care is never seen as a luxury again. Let’s make Medicare for All a reality.
This week the House of Representatives took a critical and historic step to pass the EQUALITY Act, and ban discrimination against LGBTQ Americans in every state. 
Nia, Cheslie, and Kaliegh: you are trailblazers, creating your own path on your own terms. Congratulations. 
America is one of the wealthiest countries in the world, but many of our students still go hungry and into debt as they try and pay for a quality education.
The Freedom Riders’ powerful fight against segregation, bigotry, and racism should be a reminder that the actions of individuals can make an incredible difference to change a nation.
The Attorney General is acting like Donald Trump’s henchman. 
May is  We are facing a mental health crisis in our nation, yet too many Americans aren't receiving the treatment they need due to lack of access or stigma. Mental health is just as important as physical health. It’s on us to change the narrative.
Floods have ravaged Western and Eastern Iowa over the last few months. The and are two great organizations lending a hand. The recovery will be long, please consider chipping in today. I know every dollar will help.
John Kelly was the architect of the Trump Administration's cruel child separation policy. Now he will profit off the separation of families. It's unethical. We are better than this. 
Women, people of color, people with disabilities, and LGBTQ Americans are often underrepresented in STEM jobs. Fixing the problem starts with investing in our classrooms. That is why I’ve introduced a bill to build a pipeline of diverse talent for these good-paying jobs.
As my mother always said, “You may be the first to do many things, but make sure you are not the last.” Thank you and for speaking out about why it’s so important to be a mentor and lift others up.
Attorney General William Barr admitted to releasing his own watered-down summary of Robert Mueller’s report without even reviewing the actual evidence. This is unacceptable. He must resign. Add your name and join with thousands of other Americans to demand his resignation.
Attorney General William Barr admitted to releasing his own watered-down summary of Robert Mueller’s report without even reviewing the actual evidence. This is unacceptable. He must resign. Add your name and join with thousands of other Americans to demand his resignation.
Attorney General William Barr admitted to releasing his own watered-down summary of Robert Mueller’s report without even reviewing the actual evidence. This is unacceptable. He must resign. Add your name and join with thousands of other Americans to demand his resignation.
Attorney General William Barr admitted to releasing his own watered-down summary of Robert Mueller’s report without even reviewing the actual evidence. This is unacceptable. He must resign. Add your name and join with thousands of other Americans to demand his resignation.
Today, on  we honor journalists for playing a critical role in defending our democracy both at home and abroad. There are consequences to Trump's hateful rhetoric against the press.
My mother was the biggest source of inspiration in my life. Born in India, she came to the U.S. to study at UC Berkeley, and became a breast cancer researcher. This  I will highlight people like my mother who have made this world a better place.
This is exactly why we need Medicare for All. People can't afford their insurance, and too many are having to choose between paying the bills or putting food on the table. This is unacceptable. Let’s make health care a right in this country.
I’ll be frank: In this week’s hearing, Attorney General Barr refused to answer most of my questions -- and when he did, his answers were alarming. It’s time for him to resign. Add your name if you agree.
I’ll be frank: In this week’s hearing, Attorney General Barr refused to answer most of my questions -- and when he did, his answers were alarming. It’s time for him to resign. Add your name if you agree.
I’ll be frank: In this week’s hearing, Attorney General Barr refused to answer most of my questions -- and when he did, his answers were alarming. It’s time for him to resign. Add your name if you agree.
I’ll be frank: In this week’s hearing, Attorney General Barr refused to answer most of my questions -- and when he did, his answers were alarming. It’s time for him to resign. Add your name if you agree.
It should be deeply troubling to all Americans that Attorney General Barr made a decision about the sitting president and obstruction of justice without reviewing the evidence. This Attorney General lacks all credibility.
Dana, a CO teacher, would sometimes rent her apartment and sleep in her car just to make ends meet. It's infuriating what our teachers must sacrifice just to survive. When I'm president, teachers will get the raise they deserve.
Attorney General Barr has weakened our standing in the world. He's undermined our democracy. He must resign. 
This isn’t sustainable. We can’t keep relocating our cities — we must fix the problem. Another reason why the United States must act now, rejoin the Paris Agreement, and pass the Green New Deal. 
There are moments in time that require us to step up and stand out and speak up. Howard University empowered me and others to do just that.
Yesterday in North and South Carolina, teachers stood up and demanded to be heard. It's time to pay them their value and show them the dignity and respect they deserve for helping raise our kids. I stand in solidarity with them in this fight.
I’ll be frank: In yesterday’s hearing, Attorney General Barr refused to answer most of my questions -- and when he did, his answers were alarming. It’s time for him to resign. Add your name if you agree.
I’ll be frank: In yesterday’s hearing, Attorney General Barr refused to answer most of my questions -- and when he did, his answers were alarming. It’s time for him to resign. Add your name if you agree.
I’ll be frank: In yesterday’s hearing, Attorney General Barr refused to answer most of my questions -- and when he did, his answers were alarming. It’s time for him to resign. Add your name if you agree.
I’ll be frank: In yesterday’s hearing, Attorney General Barr refused to answer most of my questions -- and when he did, his answers were alarming. It’s time for him to resign. Add your name if you agree.
I’m running for president to pursue justice for the American people. We need the full truth about Russian interference in the 2016 elections, not an abridged, watered-down version from this Administration. If you’re with me in this fight, pitch in now: 
As I see it, there is a “conflict of interest” in the Mueller investigation: President Trump has an interest in obstructing justice, and Robert Mueller has an interest in pursuing justice. Attorney General Barr has chosen to side with the President. He needs to go. 
This Holocaust Remembrance Day, we honor the memory of the six million Jews murdered in the Holocaust. We must renew our commitment to the promise of “never again” and fight against hate and anti-Semitism every time we see it.
Remember their names: Riley Howell and Ellis Parlier. We don't need another tragedy, we need action.
Our democracy is being tested. We have an Attorney General protecting the President instead of pursuing justice for the American people. That needs to change. 
For someone who calls the Mueller report his "baby," the Attorney General didn't spend a lot of time looking at its underlying evidence. He failed to tell the American people the truth. It's time for Attorney General Barr to resign. 
I’m running for president because the American people deserve truth and integrity from their elected leaders. That’s not what we’re getting right now. If you’re with me in this fight, I need you now: 
What I just saw from the Attorney General is unacceptable. Barr must resign now.
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
On International Workers’ Day, we must fight to build a nation where the dignity of work is respected. Where everyone can keep a roof over their head and pay the bills. We must stand up and protect the rights of hard-working Americans.
Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month is a time to reflect on the achievements and contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders like Representative Patsy Mink, Philip Vera Cruz, and so many more. 
Today, teachers in South Carolina are marching for fair wages and improved working conditions. I stand with them. As president, I will raise the average teacher pay in South Carolina by 19%, reduce teacher turnover, and ensure our teachers are paid their worth. 
The rising cost of housing disproportionately impacts Black and Latinx communities. Having a safe place to live and raise your family is not just about shelter, it's about dignity. The Rent Relief Act would make that dignity possible for millions of families.
From day one, I made a commitment to you: Our campaign will reject all contributions from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists. We’re counting on real people to power our campaign. Chip in  now:
My heart goes out to the students, friends, and families of the victims of this tragedy and my thanks go out to the heroic first responders. When as a nation will we decide to act? 
This is outrageous: Sixty of America’s largest corporations paid zero federal taxes. Zero. As president, I’ll lift up those who need it most — the middle class — and ensure corporations pay their fair share. Our economy shouldn’t be built on the backs of working people.
My thoughts are with everyone in the Davenport community tonight who is affected by the floods — praying for everyone's safety. 
Read this powerful testimony from the courageous activist on why our nation needs  Ady, from the bottom of my heart, thank you for speaking out. 
Gold Star families have already sacrificed so much for our nation. It’s shameful Trump’s tax bill punishes them as it rewards big corporations and the top 1%. 
Whenever and wherever we see expressions of hate, we must stand up and speak out. No one should ever be left to fight this fight alone.
Ellen Tauscher worked tirelessly for the people of California and always fought for what was in the best interests of our state and country. I am deeply saddened by her passing and know that she will be dearly missed. Sending my condolences to her family and loved ones.
Health care is a human right. It shouldn’t matter where you live, how much money you make, or whether you have a pre-existing condition. It’s incumbent we make that right a reality with Medicare for All.
My friend John Singleton chronicled the Black experience and culture through film with unmatched authenticity. He made room for our stories and our talent in Hollywood and showed all of us what's possible — on and off the screen.
As president, I’ll work with Sens and Kinney, as well as other leaders, to make affordable housing a reality for Iowa families. I am committed to this cause. 
It’s been almost 10 years and the federal minimum wage is still $7.25/hour. That’s $15,000 a year in this country—not nearly enough to keep a roof over your head. We have to speak truth: This system isn’t working for working people. That’s why I’m fighting for a $15 minimum wage.
Better pay for teachers, Medicare for All, and debt-free college. These are some of the issues we fight for at this election. If you can, help our campaign to ensure we build a better, brighter future for our country:
When Susan got sick, she had to delay critical annual screenings until she and her husband paid off their previous medical bills. Her story is all too common in America. We must pass Medicare for All. 
My first-grade teacher, Mrs. Wilson, sparked my love for learning and became a lifelong mentor and friend. She even attended my law school graduation. There are Mrs. Wilson’s all across this country who deserve a raise. It’s time we give them one.
Our young people are dying every day because of senseless gun violence. Republicans don’t have the courage to stand up to the NRA. I do. We need to elect a president who is committed to keeping our children and communities safe from gun violence: 
Our campaign isn’t funded by corporate PACs or federal lobbyists. We can’t change our broken campaign finance system unless we lead with our values. Every dollar you give can help us hire more staff and visit more states:
This is the world we live in. Our children should never have to be experts in what to do during a mass shooting. I'm a proud co-sponsor of S. 42. If Congress fails to pass it within my first 100 days as president, I'll take executive action myself.
From Merrimack, NH to Oscoda, MI, communities across the U.S. are suffering from water contamination. I'm troubled to hear reports that the EPA will weaken standards for chemicals polluting water supplies. Everyone needs access to clean drinking water. 
More than a year and a half ago, Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico. It’s appalling that thousands of children on the Island show signs of PTSD. Our government failed them and it’s on us to ensure something like this never happens again. 
Labor has lifted up working Americans. Built the middle class. Brought us the five-day work week. When organized labor is attacked, working people suffer. 📹: 
The maternal mortality rate in our nation is worse than it was 25 years ago. The risk of death from pregnancy-related causes is 3-4x higher for Black women than for white women. My Maternal CARE Act will help solve this epidemic.
Thank you for having me tonight! Glad to be in Cleveland to discuss how we restore opportunity for all Americans and elect Democrats up and down the ticket. 
Anti-Semitism has no place in our country. 
Trump and his Administration are trying to push immigrant families back into the shadows. This is unacceptable. 
Right now in this country, we have students excelling in science who want to become teachers — they want to teach but they can’t. My plan will close the teacher pay gap and finally ensure teachers are paid their worth.
 Had a great conversation with this afternoon about fighting to win for working families ; immigrants, health…
Yet again a place of worship is the target of senseless gun violence and hate. Anti-Semitism is real in this country and we must not be silent - enough is enough. My heart aches for the Chabad of Poway synagogue and the Jewish community.
  reading a message of support from Senator It’s time to  and give educators a r…
 humanitarian work nourishes the soul and the world. Congratulations on a well-earned key to the Las Vegas Strip. Let's swap recipes next time you're in town.
❌No corporate PACs. ❌No federal lobbyists. Our campaign is powered by people just like you. It would mean a lot if you chipped in a dollar or two:
We must stand up for labor’s right to collectively bargain. No one should have to fight their fight alone. When I am president, workers everywhere will have a fighter in the White House. 
  In our America, nobody should have to work more than one job. can’t go around talking about the Golden…
The working people who are members of live a life of service for other people. Service is some of the most noble work you can do. You are why I fight hard for workers rights, now and when I'm in the White House. 
 “Corporations need to pay their fair share, and the economy should not be on the backs of working people who deserve to be a…
Our economy isn’t working for working people. I'm proud throughout my career to have stood on the picket line with organized labor. I'm proud to have stood with teachers in Oakland. There is still so much work to be done, both through legislation and in the White House.
We must make paid family leave a reality for all Americans. No one should have to rely on the kindness of their colleagues when their kids need them the most.
America’s public lands are a national treasure, not something for Big Oil to raid and pollute for profit. We need a president who’s focused on building a clean energy economy for the future.
Perfect for grocery store runs or carrying things on the go, grab your official Kamala 2020 tote today! 
To Sadie and all our future leaders of America, I say: What you know is important and everyone needs to hear it. Especially now.
The government shouldn't interfere in women's health care. Full stop. Good news from Kansas. 
The president just told the he supports giving teachers guns in schools. Teachers don't need a gun, they need a raise. They'll get one when I'm president.
Trump just boasted about gutting the Affordable Care Act and promised, "Now we're going for the rest."We can't let that happen. We must stop this President so that millions of Americans don't lose their insurance and protections for their pre-existing conditions.
How dangerous is President Trump on guns? He made it easier for fugitives to buy guns, and thousands of gun sales have been approved for individuals with outstanding arrest warrants since he made that change. This won't happen when I'm President.
Millions of guns are sold every year without background checks. This is dangerous. You might want to know, before someone purchases a gun, if they’ve committed a violent felony. We need a president with the courage to take bold, decisive action to save lives.
How do we get voters out to the polls? Invest in community leadership.  
  will sign HB 19-1225, eliminating cash bail for minor offenses! Each year over 10K Coloradans languish in jail p…
Our justice system continues to target and imprison young Black and Latinx Americans at high levels due to outdated, unjust marijuana laws. I’ve said it once and I’ll say it again: we must legalize marijuana across the country.
When my mother got sick, she had the benefit of having Medicare, but not everybody does. High costs should not be a barrier to health care. Medicare for All is the solution. 
We need to reduce barriers to voting so more voices are heard at the ballot box. Automatic voter registration works and must be implemented nationwide. 
I’m not afraid to stand up to the NRA and the gun lobby to enact common-sense solutions to combat the gun violence epidemic in our country. 
Together we stand for Medicare for All, debt-free college, and affordable housing. But we can't do it alone. Your donations power our campaign and ensure we can fight for a better future.
Too often, Black parents have to sit their Black sons down and tell them they may be stopped, arrested, chased, or even shot because of the color of their skin. We must reform our criminal justice system. 
It’s been five years and Flint residents still aren’t able to trust they have clean drinking water. America is one of the wealthiest countries on the planet. It’s a disgrace that we can’t guarantee access to clean water for everyone. I will never forget about the people of Flint.
Right now in America the federal minimum wage is $7.25/hour, averaging about $15,000 a year. When the majority of minimum wage workers are women, we can’t deny the fact that this isn’t enough to feed your family or pay for childcare. Time to raise the wage to $15.
Some will say my plan to combat gun violence is “too bold.” As president, if Congress continues to bury its head in the sand, I will act. Too many people have died for us to wait any longer. 
We must take climate change seriously and act with a sense of urgency. The clock is ticking and we can do something about it. I support the  because every day we wait is a day we fail future generations.
Loopholes in our system mean millions of guns are sold each year with no questions asked. This is a danger to our families, this is a danger to our communities. 
Our nation faces an unprecedented shortage of teachers. The teacher wage gap is one of the reasons why — and it just got worse. As president, I would enact the largest federal investment in teacher pay in American history. 
As the marijuana industry continues to grow, there are people of color sitting behind bars for doing the exact same thing. It's time we changed the system.  
Our team has set the goal of adding 10,000 new donors by the end of the month. Every single contribution powers this campaign and the work we’re doing across the country since we won’t accept a dime from corporate PACs. Help us reach our goal→
Teachers don’t need a gun. They need a raise. We have to give them the resources they need to educate the next generation of leaders. 
Nearly 1 million women in the U.S. alive today have been shot, or shot at, by an intimate partner. We’ve had too many tragedies for addressing gun violence to not be a priority. 
Let’s speak truth to power. Right now in the United States, access to opportunity depends on your race or gender or what zip code you are born in. It doesn’t have to be that way. Let’s build an America where everyone has the chance to succeed. Chip in:
A stunning statistic: In 2015, 92% of all women killed by guns in high-income countries lived in the United States. 92%. That is shameful. I will close the “boyfriend loophole” and prevent dating partners convicted of domestic violence from purchasing guns.
Every day, 100 Americans are killed by guns. Gun violence is a national epidemic. It’s time we take action. Last night I announced executive actions I intend to take as president if Congress refuses to act. 
We cannot wait any longer to keep our children safe. We must act now.
The leading cause of death for young Black men is gun violence. It outpaces the next nine leading causes combined. This is a national tragedy. We need to act. If Congress won’t, I will. 
It is clear: Evidence in the Mueller report points to obstruction of justice. The first step of our constitutional responsibility is to start the impeachment process in the House. We must hold this president accountable. 
My plan to stand up to the NRA if Congress won’t:✅Mandate near-universal background checks✅Revoke the licenses of gun dealers who break the law✅Ensure fugitives from justice can’t purchase guns✅Close the “Boyfriend Loophole” to prevent domestic abusers from buying guns
In 2017 alone, nearly 40,000 Americans were killed by guns. This is a national epidemic. If Congress fails to act to address it in my first 100 days, I will take executive action to keep our kids and communities safe.
Enough →  
In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Add your name if you agree we need action to curb gun violence.
I’m not afraid to take on the corporate gun lobby. In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Join me in saying: enough is enough.
In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Add your name if you agree we need action to curb gun violence.
I’m not afraid to take on the corporate gun lobby. In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Join me in saying: enough is enough.
 After years of federal inaction, vowed last night to make gun safety a top priority from her very first…
If Congress fails to act on gun violence within my first 100 days in office, here’s my promise to you: I will take executive action to keep our kids and communities safe. Add your name next to mine to join me in this fight:
 Dear politicians: THIS is how you answer a question about gun safety. 
If Congress doesn’t pass gun safety legislation in the first 100 days of my presidency, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe.
Republicans in Washington don’t have the courage to stand up to the NRA — but I do. Visit  to learn more. 
Right now we have a president who is putting in place a process for discharging transgender men and women. It is absolutely unconscionable and that is something I would reverse immediately when I am elected president of the United States. 
When the chatter among a lot of Democrats was about civil unions, I was marrying same-sex couples at San Francisco City Hall. 
Russia interfered in the election of the president of the United States. It's time we strengthen our election systems to prevent the next attack.  This will be a war without blood. And we are not prepared. And we must be.
100 Americans are killed by guns every single day. Gun violence is a national epidemic and it’s time we take action. Tonight I announced the executive actions I intend to take in my first 100 days as president if Congress refuses to act.
In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Add your name if you agree we need action to curb gun violence.
I’m not afraid to take on the corporate gun lobby. In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Join me in saying: enough is enough.
In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Add your name if you agree we need action to curb gun violence.
I’m not afraid to take on the corporate gun lobby. In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Join me in saying: enough is enough.
In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Add your name if you agree we need action to curb gun violence.
In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Add your name if you agree we need action to curb gun violence.
In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Add your name if you agree we need action to curb gun violence.
I’m not afraid to take on the corporate gun lobby. In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Join me in saying: enough is enough.
I’m not afraid to take on the corporate gun lobby. In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Join me in saying: enough is enough.
I’m not afraid to take on the corporate gun lobby. In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Join me in saying: enough is enough.
In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Add your name if you agree we need action to curb gun violence.
In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Add your name if you agree we need action to curb gun violence.
In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Add your name if you agree we need action to curb gun violence.
I’m not afraid to take on the corporate gun lobby. In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Join me in saying: enough is enough.
I’m not afraid to take on the corporate gun lobby. In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Join me in saying: enough is enough.
I’m not afraid to take on the corporate gun lobby. In my first 100 days as president, if Congress fails to send comprehensive gun safety legislation to my desk, I will take executive action to keep our communities safe. Join me in saying: enough is enough.
In just one hour I’ll take the stage at our Town Hall. I can’t wait to discuss the issues that matter — how we can make the economy work for everyone, giving our nation’s educators a raise, and more.
In 99% of the counties in America today, a full-time minimum wage worker cannot afford rent on a one bedroom apartment. That is indefensible. My bill, the Rent Relief Act, would ease the anxiety of rising rents and give workers a much-needed break.
A record number of women and people of color are running for President. This is great for the future of our country, but it means it will take time to build a winning campaign. Can we count on you to join our team now to be a part of it?
A record number of women and people of color are running for President. This is great for the future of our country, but it means it will take time to build a winning campaign. Can we count on you to join our team now to be a part of it?
A record number of women and people of color are running for President. This is great for the future of our country, but it means it will take time to build a winning campaign. Can we count on you to join our team now to be a part of it?
A record number of women and people of color are running for President. This is great for the future of our country, but it means it will take time to build a winning campaign. Can we count on you to join our team now to be a part of it?
Over 31,000 Stop ; Shop workers and their families stood together when their wages, retirement benefits, and health care were at risk — and won. This is a victory for workers everywhere.
At an HBCU, you are told that you can be whatever you want to be — there is nothing holding you back from success. Attending was one of the most influential decisions of my life and I love meeting current and former HBCU students on the road. 
Earth Day is a reminder that we only have one planet. There is no Planet B. We must address the climate crisis and elect a president willing to stand up to polluters and act to protect our environment. Not just for ourselves, but for future generations.
 Everyone who is eligible should be encouraged to exercise their right to vote and take an active role in our democracy.…
The New Hampshire voter suppression law is intended to disenfranchise college students from exercising their right to vote. I have signed petition to oppose this law to send a clear message to students — your vote matters and must be protected.
Mark your calendar → Tomorrow I’ll take the stage at 10 p.m. ET for a CNN Town Hall to discuss everything from debt-free education to how we can get the economy working for working Americans again. Join supporters who are hosting a watch party: 
As president, I will reinstate DACA until Congress can pass comprehensive immigration reform. Dreamers represent the best of who we are as a country. We owe it to them to act.
The federal minimum wage hasn’t moved from $7.25/hour in almost a decade. As president, I will give working Americans the raise they deserve by increasing the minimum wage to $15/hour and making it a living wage.
Adding a citizenship question on the U.S. Census is a blatant attempt to suppress immigrant families from being counted in our nation. Congress must pass the Every Person Counts Act to ensure the integrity of the census is protected.
Fantastic final routine Best wishes to you and your family in the future! We’re rooting for you. 
Our nation’s firefighters display exceptional courage. Fully fund the Firefighter Cancer Registry, so doctors and researchers can better understand the risks associated with firefighting and prevent unnecessary deaths.
Easter is a reminder that there is hope and rebirth even in the darkest of times. We must remember that today, more than ever. I am horrified by the attacks in Sri Lanka, where so many families were celebrating such a joyous day. Praying for the victims and their loved ones.
We must embrace paper ballots and upgrades to our election infrastructure in 2020. Russia and other foreign adversaries cannot hack a piece of paper like they can a computer. Every voter deserves to have their vote counted. It’s imperative we work now to protect our elections.
Marijuana laws have not been applied ; enforced in the same way for all people. Too many lives have been ruined by these regressive policies and while more states are moving to legalize marijuana through ballot initiatives, it is not enough. Time to legalize at the federal level. 
Our nation's leaders should have acted to end gun violence in schools after Columbine. After Virginia Tech. After Northern Illinois University. After Sandy Hook.After Umpqua Community College.After Parkland. After Santa Fe High School.Inner City schools.How many more?
It’s time we legalize marijuana at the federal level and restore justice to our communities. Communities of color have been disproportionately impacted by the War on Drugs. We must reverse this trend.
Twenty years after Columbine, the survivors are now confronted with how to tell their children about it — when their own kids are participating in school lockdown drills. The entire Littleton Community is in my thoughts today.
My first-grade teacher, Mrs. Wilson, attended my law school graduation. I know just as well as anyone that our successes are shaped by the teachers we’ve had. We must give teachers a raise and invest in them as they’ve invested in us.
Yesterday Attorney General Barr showed America partisanship, not the integrity we should expect from our justice system. This is not acceptable. 
 U.S. Senator stands w workers in Las Vegas. “I stand in solidarity with workers raising their voices…
Heidi's 4-year-old son was at a football game when he heard celebratory fireworks. "Panicked by the popping sounds, the little boy turned to his dad. ‘Active shooter!’ he cried, tears in his eyes.”This isn’t normal. We must stand up to the NRA.

Get your FREE Joyful Warrior sticker so you can show your support. Grab yours before they’re gone. 
Our country is home to numerous breathtaking national parks that we must protect and preserve. This weekend you have the opportunity to see these stunning views for free. 
The phrase ‘identity politics’ is often used to either marginalize the topic of discussion or to shut people up. Not anymore. Where America stands on these issues is about America’s identity. 
This is what a national crisis looks like: Approximately 7,300 public school teachers in South Carolina left their jobs during or at the end of the 2017-2018 school year. 
Voter registration drives should be encouraged and promoted, not suppressed. This is a shameful attempt at voter suppression in Tennessee by GOP lawmakers. 
SOUTH CAROLINA: We’re hosting town halls in Rock Hill and Orangeburg tomorrow and Saturday. Say you’ll be there → 
Congress needs to see the full, unredacted Mueller report and all of the investigation’s underlying evidence — and Special Counsel Robert Mueller must testify publicly before Congress. Add your name now if you agree »
This redacted Mueller report is not enough. Congress needs to see the full, unredacted Mueller report and all of the investigation’s underlying evidence -- and Special Counsel Robert Mueller must testify publicly before Congress. Add your name now if you agree »
This redacted Mueller report is not enough. Congress needs to see the full, unredacted Mueller report and all of the investigation’s underlying evidence -- and Special Counsel Robert Mueller must testify publicly before Congress. Add your name now if you agree »
This redacted Mueller report is not enough. Congress needs to see the full, unredacted Mueller report and all of the investigation’s underlying evidence -- and Special Counsel Robert Mueller must testify publicly before Congress. Add your name now if you agree »
This redacted Mueller report is not enough. Congress needs to see the full, unredacted Mueller report and all of the investigation’s underlying evidence -- and Special Counsel Robert Mueller must testify publicly before Congress. Add your name now if you agree »
This redacted Mueller report is not enough. Congress needs to see the full, unredacted Mueller report and all of the investigation’s underlying evidence -- and Special Counsel Robert Mueller must testify publicly before Congress. Add your name now if you agree »
This redacted Mueller report is not enough. Congress needs to see the full, unredacted Mueller report and all of the investigation’s underlying evidence -- and Special Counsel Robert Mueller must testify publicly before Congress. Add your name now if you agree »
This redacted Mueller report is not enough. Congress needs to see the full, unredacted Mueller report and all of the investigation’s underlying evidence -- and Special Counsel Robert Mueller must testify publicly before Congress. Add your name now if you agree »
This redacted Mueller report is not enough. Congress needs to see the full, unredacted Mueller report and all of the investigation’s underlying evidence -- and Special Counsel Robert Mueller must testify publicly before Congress. Add your name now if you agree »
Barr is acting more like Trump’s defense attorney than the nation's Attorney General. His press conference was a stunt, filled with political spin and propaganda.   Americans deserve the unvarnished truth. We need Special Counsel Mueller to testify publicly in Congress.
Back on Track, a program I piloted as San Francisco District Attorney to prevent recidivism among nonviolent, low-level drug defendants, has been implemented in cities across America. Back on Track is just the start of what real criminal justice reform looks like in this country.
 Today, announced its endorsement of for President.   
We will not truly have justice in our country until we all have achieved economic security. Let’s give middle-class families the largest tax cut in decades and lift more than nine million Americans out of poverty.
Ours is a campaign powered by the people, with an average online contribution of $28. Every dollar goes toward hiring more staff in early states, helping our campaign host more town halls, and laying the groundwork for our movement. Chip in now:
Just because we’re at the end of  doesn’t mean the conversation around our health must stop. We must shine a light on this crisis year-round. I will fight to ensure women, especially women of color, are heard in our health care system.
We must fight joyfully.   
 'Homecoming' exemplifies and rightly celebrates the spirit and legacy of HBCU's. She brought our culture and tradition to the world stage and as a proud Howard graduate, I can't wait to watch. 
Join people across the country who are hosting a CNN Town Hall watch party in their community on Monday, April 22. Our campaign will give you all the information you need to make it a success. It’s the last day to sign up, so be sure to register today. 
Dr. Christine Blasey Ford’s sacrifice, out of a sense of civic duty, shined a spotlight on the way we treat survivors of sexual violence — forcing our country to reckon with an issue that has too often been ignored and kept in the dark. 
I believe in an America where the economy works for working people. Where health care is a fundamental right, not a privilege. Where reproductive rights are guaranteed. Where LGBTQ Americans are treated with dignity. We are fighting for this and more.
Fifty-six years later, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s words from Birmingham Jail still ring true: “Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere...Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly.”
No beds. Little food. Limited showers. This Administration’s treatment of immigrants is a stain on our nation’s history. 
The U.S. has the worst rate of maternal deaths in the developed world. But it is even worse for Black women. We must address the role implicit racial bias plays in our health care system.
We must not only legalize and regulate marijuana, but we need to expunge nonviolent marijuana-related offenses from the records of the millions who have been arrested or incarcerated.
We cannot ignore the pressing issue of teen dating violence. Back in 2009, my office partnered with domestic violence organizations to provide resources to help teens escape abusive relationships. More must be done today to keep them safe.
Twelve years after the Virginia Tech shooting, too many of our schools and communities have been stricken by gun violence. No student should ever have to worry that their school will be next. It’s time we made schools safe for everyone.
The average teacher makes about $1,000 less than they did 30 years ago. Our teachers are underpaid, undervalued ; overworked.As President, I’ll pass the largest federal investment in teacher pay in American history to ensure they don’t have to take on 2-3 jobs to pay the bills.
When I was San Francisco’s DA, I created the Back on Track program to give young people arrested for first-time drug crimes, job training and support instead of prison. We need more initiatives like these to reform our criminal justice system.
I can't wait to speak about investing in debt-free college, affordable health care, and more at the next CNN Town Hall on April 22 at 10 p.m. EST. I'd be honored if you would sign up to host a watch party. Text HOST to 70785 to get started or click here→
NEW HAMPSHIRE: I’m headed your way next week for two town halls. Fighting  means listening to the people.→April 23 at Keene State College at 10:15 a.m. ET→April 23 at Dartmouth College at 3: 15 p.m. ETRSVP at 
Trump tried to end temporary protections for Haitians who fled natural disasters. This is a failure of moral leadership. Thankful the courts have stepped in. 
As president, I will fight for tax fairness for the middle-class. The LIFT Act would give a break to those who work hard each day for themselves and their families. We can’t continue to leave the middle-class behind while corporations reap the benefits.
We’re building a campaign that reflects the true diversity of America. 
We deserve better than a president who stokes hate and division in an attempt to divide us. 
Our oceans are warming. Glaciers are melting. Sea levels are rising. Climate change is real and we must act now. That’s why I support the Green New Deal.
We will strengthen the middle class and ensure Medicare for All is a reality. We will fight for all Americans and make our democracy work for the people. Chip in today to join the fight.
Black women are facing a maternal health crisis. The only way to solve this is to speak the truth and act: This is a public health crisis. Thank you, Reps. Adams and Underwood for fighting to make sure Black women are heard. 
I am sick and tired of Republican politicians restricting women’s access to reproductive health care, especially abortion. We have got to build a coalition of Americans who will fight to ensure women get the care they need.
Our campaign is born out of a love for country. Together we can create an economy where one job is enough, health care is affordable for all, and teachers receive the respect they deserve.
We need to give teachers a raise — not guns. 
Three Black churches were burned down in Louisiana this month — another victim of the ugliness of hate and destruction. Our churches and places of worship should be safe for everyone, regardless of race or religion. We cannot let hate win.
This is horrifying. Denying life-saving health care to those incarcerated is a violation of their basic human rights. 
For two years, this President has used the most powerful platform in the world to sow hate ; division. He's done it again. Putting the safety of a sitting member of Congress at risk ; vilifying a whole religion is beyond the pale. I'll be blunt — we must defeat him.
I’ve spent my whole life working for the people. I took on Wall Street banks and won $20B for California homeowners, and prosecuted transnational gangs. We need a President who serves the public interest — not self-interest.
✏️ California✏️ North Carolina✏️ Colorado✏️ Arizona✏️ GeorgiaTeachers across the country have organized to demand better wages, benefits, and the resources they need to educate our children. As president, I will stand with them and pay them their worth.
 
Our campaign is built of people to fight for the people. Together we will advance: ✅ Workers rights✅ Equality under the law ✅ Affordable health careHelp us win that fight. Donate today:
No family should have to worry about losing everything in the middle of a medical emergency. No family should have to work two or three jobs just to put food on the table. This is not the American Dream. We can and will do better for working people.
Using human beings — including children — for perceived political gain, is reprehensible.
To the transgender Americans who serve in our Armed Forces: You deserve better. We stand with you in opposing Trump’s reprehensible, vile, and discriminatory ban.
Many women don't even know they are pregnant after six weeks. This is shameful. Time for Republicans to stop playing politics with women’s health care.
No one should go to the emergency room and not have their needs taken seriously. Yet Black women are twice as likely to suffer from life-threatening pregnancy complications.The system is failing us. My Maternal CARE Act will change that.
Sasha’s work is moving and pushes me every day to work harder for her future. 
Black women in America are far more likely to die from pregnancy-related complications than others. This is a public health crisis. My resolution to recognize Black Maternal Health Week highlights the disparities that exist in maternal health care and fights for a solution.
Teachers do some of the most noble work of any profession. It’s time we invest in them as they have invested in our children's future. My plan calls for a federal investment in teachers to ensure they are paid their value.
Trump has threatened our public lands... again. I’ve introduced a bill to say enough is enough and ensure over one million acres across California are protected so future generations can enjoy them like we do today.
 We appreciate the support On top of hurting employees ; their families, the proposed cuts to benefits that the com…
I stand in solidarity with the thousands of Stop ; Shop workers on strike in New England. You deserve fair wages, quality health care, and the ability to retire with dignity. We are with you.
Our children shouldn’t go to school worried they will have to run for their lives from an active shooter. We need leaders who will stand up to the NRA and fight to keep our kids safe from gun violence.
Imagine your cable company making it impossible to stream Avengers: Infinity War on Netflix in an attempt to force you to use their own service. No, thank you. The Senate needs to restore net neutrality now. 
Here’s the truth: Under Trump, ICE tore families apart — on purpose. This is unacceptable. We must hold them accountable. 
Iowa, it is good to be back! Together we can build a nation that invests in our teachers, supports our students, and ensures health care is affordable for all. 
Katie Bouman proved women in STEM don't just make the impossible, possible, but make history while doing it.
Offshore drilling threatens the health and well-being of the American people. We must defend our natural resources and stand up to oil and gas special interests. 
A few things we have to thank unions for:✅ 5-day work week✅ Paid sick leave ✅ 8-hour workday✅ Safer working conditionsI fight for unions because they fight for working people.
Housing is a basic human right and we must guarantee that right and provide relief to the middle-class. The Rent Relief Act I introduced in the Senate would provide peace of mind to families who need it the most.
Today I co-sponsored a bill with my Democratic colleagues, to guarantee Medicare for All because everyone should have easy access to quality, affordable health care. It’s time for all of us to jump into action and fight for this right.
No one makes me laugh like my younger sister. Happy National Siblings Day, 
I will fight for an America where no one has to choose between paying for their medication or paying rent to keep their kids warm and safe at night.
IOWA: I’m headed your way tomorrow to lay out how we can protect our communities from gun violence, ensure tax fairness for the middle class, and build an America that works for everyone, not just the top 1%. RSVP now to attend our town hall:
Women should be trusted to make their own choices without politicians getting in the way. How many times are Republicans going to play politics with our health care? I will fight to stop this bill… again.
Detaining pregnant women is dangerous. As many as 28 women have miscarried while in ICE custody over the past two years. I’ve called on this Administration to end this practice now.
America incarcerates more people than any other country. But what has this Administration done to combat this problem? They’ve increased the use of private prisons, which profit from the incarceration of other human beings. This is not justice.
Two years is a lifetime when you are separated from those you love. We are better than this.
Housing costs are crushing the middle class. Over 11 million Americans are spending more than half of their income on housing. That is outrageous. Today, I re-introduced the Rent Relief Act to ease the burden of rising rents and provide relief for those who need it the most.
This Administration has taken a punitive approach against vulnerable families who are fleeing the murder capitals of the world. This cruel policy of family separation is not a reflection of who we are or who we should be. 
As Attorney General of California, I took on the five biggest Wall Street banks during the financial crisis. We won $20 billion for California homeowners and together we passed the strongest anti-foreclosure law in the United States of America.
My sister and I lost our mother to cancer many years ago. And I think about this all the time but thank goodness she had Medicare. During a medical emergency, no family should have to suffer and worry about paying the bills. 
Voting rights are under attack across the country. Let’s counteract that by strengthening access to the ballot box, expanding early voting, and making Election Day a national holiday.
Too many Americans are living paycheck to paycheck because the cost of health care and housing are soaring. We need to build an economy that gives dignity and decency back to our workers.
Last year, I was the first U.S. Senator to call for Secretary Nielsen’s resignation over this Administration's cruel and inhumane family separation policy. The next DHS Secretary must unequivocally denounce this abusive policy. We deserve better. 
We need a president with the courage to stand up to the gun lobby and pass reasonable gun safety laws, including universal background checks and a renewal of the assault weapons ban.
We need full transparency — release the Mueller report now. 
Kirstjen Nielsen misled the American people and defended Trump's inhumane policy of separating children from their parents.It was long past time for her to go. 
We need a president who recognizes that white nationalist extremism is a national security threat — and is willing to speak that truth and address it.
Nipsey Hussle's work was profound. He was so generous with his talent and his voice. We must honor his legacy. 
For too long, the powerful gun lobby has poured millions of dollars into our elections, hand-picking a Congress to turn a blind eye to gun violence. I say enough is enough. Americans demand smart gun safety laws and deserve action.
America must admit it has a problem of mass incarceration. 
A reality in America today is that Black households are twice as likely to rent as others. That's why I am proposing a bill to give tax credits to families who are spending more than 30% of their income on rent and utilities.
An all-female ticket? Fabulous! 
"I want to speak to Kamala." 
Our places of worship should be safe for everyone. My heart goes out to the congregations in St. Landry and Caddo parishes. I hope investigators find the cause of these fires swiftly. 
The pain and consequences of the human rights abuses that are still happening at our border will be felt by these children, their families, and our country for many years to come. 
As president, I would double the size of the Civil Rights division of the Justice Department because our government must have the resources to defend our voting and civil rights from discriminatory laws.
I didn't share a single chip. 
No one should have to choose between caring for their family or putting food on the table. We must fight for paid family and sick leave.
As president, I will fight to make health care a right for all Americans — not to take it away from tens of millions of people.
Trump’s tax plan was a scam. It’s plain as day. 
Americans deserve to see the full Mueller report, not a short summary from Trump’s handpicked Attorney General. Period.
One of the greatest expressions of love a society can give to its children is investing in their education and their teachers. 
Public school teachers are more likely​ than non-teachers to have to work a second job. That’s not right. So I’ve introduced the largest federal investment in teacher pay in American history — giving the average teacher a $13,500 raise.
The NRA tried to block the Violence Against Women Act and failed — so we are one step closer to keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of abusers. Now it’s time for the Senate to stand up to the gun lobby and keep women safe. 
No parent should have to think about buying their child a bulletproof backpack to keep them safe at school. Inaction on addressing the gun violence epidemic is unacceptable. We need to do something.
Implicit racial bias is one critical reason that the maternal mortality rate for Black women is three to four times higher than white women. That's unacceptable and we must act to address this public health crisis.
The day my mother told my sister and me that she had colon cancer was one of the worst days of my life. I remember being so grateful that my mother had Medicare, we must work toward guaranteeing it to all.
We need to create an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. It’s time for a national commitment to good-paying jobs, affordable childcare, and paid family leave.
Unions built the middle class in this country and during our campaign we are going to remind people of that fact. 
We should be focused on making sure our kids are growing up in a healthy and productive environment, not discriminating against parents because of who they love. 
 When we come to itWe must confess that we are the possibleWe are the miraculous, we are the true wonder of this worldThat…
Our country has leaders who lie, bully, attack the free press, and undermine our democratic institutions. We’ve had children in cages crying for their mothers and fathers — and watched politicians attack public schools and vilify our teachers. We are better than this.
We need complete transparency. Mueller's report must be made public immediately. 
IOWA: I’m hosting a town hall at the University of Iowa next Wednesday, April 10. Join us to talk about our vision for America’s future together: 
 We celebrate your birthday. We commemorate your death-day. And we quote your great words on the days in between. One day,…
Michael Bennet is a fighter and I know he will beat cancer and be back in the Senate very soon. Sending love and prayers to Michael and his family.
Today marks 51 years since the assassination of MLK. A man who reminded us that ‘the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.’We honor his legacy by continuing to carry the torch that lights the way for justice and equality. There is more work to be done.
In our criminal justice system, a single mother can be held in jail awaiting trial for days, weeks, months, or even years  — not because she’s a threat to her community, but simply because she cannot afford to make bail. That’s wrong and why we must reform our bail system.
Enough with these powerful forces trying to sow hate and division among us. That is not reflective of who we are as Americans. We need leadership that recognizes we have more in common than what separates us.
I hear these stories from teachers who are working two or three jobs just to pay the bills. It breaks my heart. They deserve better. As president, I will end the teacher pay gap with the largest federal investment in teacher pay in American history.
White supremacist violence is rising in America and the Trump Administration is not taking it seriously. Case in point: 
When Republicans attack unions, we need to remind them that unions built the middle class. People have a five-day workweek because of unions. They have sick leave because of unions — we have safe working conditions because of unions.
Did you know renters’ incomes have increased by only 5% since 1960 while rent has risen 61%? That burden is crushing families. I want to bring them much-needed relief, which is why I’ve introduced legislation to ease this monthly burden. 
How many times have we watched Trump side with special interests like Wall Street and Big Oil over the American people? We need a new president who will reset the agenda in Washington. Someone who will fight for the American people, not self or corporate interests.
Dreamers represent the best of who we are as a nation. And there are Dreamers across the country that want to give back and serve the public in Congress. But right now, they aren’t eligible to work for pay. Today I introduced a bill to change that.
As president, I will raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour and make sure it’s a living wage. It’s unconscionable that in 99% of the counties in America, a minimum-wage worker working full-time still cannot afford the market rate for a one-bedroom apartment.
Chicago just made history. Congratulations on your election as Mayor. Representation matters, and your leadership will pave the way for many more to come.
Teachers raise and shape our children. We need to pay them their worth. 
It’s not a radical idea: Students should be able to go to college without being weighed down by mountains of debt that trap them for decades in a devastating cycle of loans.
Anyone who works hard deserves to be fairly compensated. It’s time to make equal pay a reality for all Americans. It’s time to end this fundamental unfairness.
 “I wanted people to see that everybody had power to make the world a better place.” - Cartoonist, Activist, 9th…
It's outrageous that in more than 30 states, the average teacher is paid less than the living wage for a family of four. I will keep speaking that truth and demanding action until we solve this crisis and pay teachers what they deserve. 
Young women should grow up knowing their work is worth just as much as anyone else’s. It’s time to make equal pay a reality for all Americans. 
America must legalize and regulate marijuana. Then, we need to expunge nonviolent marijuana-related offenses from the records of the millions of people who have been arrested and incarcerated so they can get on with their lives.
It’s imperative Congress passes the Equality Act, to ensure members of the LGBTQ community are protected from discrimination. Until all of us are equal, none of us are equal. We must never let anyone stand alone in this fight.
The last time Republicans tried to take away health care, I saw parents and children rallying across the country, believing if their health care stories were heard and they were seen, their leaders would do the right thing. We will fight for the Affordable Care Act again.
Over the last two months, the response to our campaign has been inspiring: - $12 million raised - 218,000 individual contributions- 99% of donors can give againNo corporate PACs. No federal lobbyists. A real, grassroots campaign — by the people and for the people.
Climate change is an ever-growing threat to public health. Countless scientists have warned us — the time to act is now. It’s on us to fight to preserve our planet for future generations. 
Any good fight is born out of optimism. That’s why I remain committed to raising the minimum wage, making public colleges and universities debt-free, and guaranteeing health care for everyone with Medicare for All.
Nobody should be made to fight alone. 
Nipsey's activism, leadership, and dedication to community was an inspiration for Californians and beyond. His senseless death leaves us worse off. My thoughts are with his family, friends, and the greater Los Angeles community.
Nearly one of every five teachers in America leaves teaching within five years of entering the classroom. That impacts our children, it impacts our school districts, and it’s time teachers got the support they deserve. My plan would raise teacher's pay an average of $13,500.
A grassroots campaign is the best sign of a real democracy, which is why I reject money from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists.If you haven’t already, chip in before midnight tonight to become a founding member of our campaign.  
On the last day of Women’s History Month, I wanted to lift up the young girls and women across our country that might not have made history yet — but they will. I can’t wait to see what you accomplish. 
The number of college freshmen that plan to major in education is near its lowest point in 45 years and if we don’t turn this around, future generations will be affected. We cannot continue to give teachers substandard wages.
Trump has spent his time in office stacking our courts with extreme judges. If we’re going to protect Roe v. Wade, we must fight against attacks on reproductive health care at every level of our courts and government.
Paper ballots are the smartest, safest way to ensure your vote is secure against attacks by foreign actors. Russia can’t hack a piece of paper like they can a computer. We introduced the Secure Elections Act to ensure our elections are safeguarded. We must be ready.
Paying our teachers their worth isn’t just a good strategy to improve education — it’s central to building an economy that works for working people. Research shows that attracting and retaining more great teachers would improve student performance and increase graduation rates. 
Transgender people deserve to openly live life without fear. This Transgender Day of Visibility, let’s show dignity and respect to trans friends, family, and the community as a whole.  
On César Chávez Day, we remember the lasting legacy of the renowned civil rights and labor leader who fought for basic fairness, dignity for workers, and human rights. César once said, "we don’t need perfect political systems, we need perfect participation.” 
 you are meant to be where you are. Keep changing the equation and speaking out. You’re making a difference in so many people’s lives.
We have an important fundraising deadline coming up. Here’s why this deadline is so critical to our campaign: it’s the first time we can show the power of our grassroots supporters since launch. Every dollar counts. Chip in today: 
I’ll say it again until it’s released: Americans deserve to see the full contents of the Mueller report, not an abridged version from Trump’s hand-picked attorney general.
Georgia’s Republican-controlled legislature passed an extreme ban on abortion before many women even know they’re pregnant. Georgia women deserve leadership that will protect and expand their reproductive health care, not undermine their access. 
Members of the LGBTQ community deserve to be protected from discrimination nationwide — and it needs to start with the Justice Department. It is disgraceful they are failing to secure all Americans' rights and freedoms.
It’s clear that our country’s marijuana laws at the local and federal levels are not fair or practical in application or enforcement, and disproportionately harm communities of color. It's time to legalize marijuana nationwide and restore justice to our communities.
Here’s the deal: Our FIRST End-Of-Quarter Deadline of the entire election is this Sunday. We know it’s hard to capture the importance of this deadline in writing, so we figured we’d just personally tell you on camera. Will you pitch in and become a Founding Grassroots Donor now?
Here’s the deal: Our FIRST End-Of-Quarter Deadline of the entire election is this Sunday. We know it’s hard to capture the importance of this deadline in writing, so we figured we’d just personally tell you on camera. Will you pitch in and become a Founding Grassroots Donor now?
Here’s the deal: Our FIRST End-Of-Quarter Deadline of the entire election is this Sunday. We know it’s hard to capture the importance of this deadline in writing, so we figured we’d just personally tell you on camera. Will you pitch in and become a Founding Grassroots Donor now?
Here’s the deal: Our FIRST End-Of-Quarter Deadline of the entire election is this Sunday. We know it’s hard to capture the importance of this deadline in writing, so we figured we’d just personally tell you on camera. Will you pitch in and become a Founding Grassroots Donor now?
Here’s the deal: Our FIRST End-Of-Quarter Deadline of the entire election is this Sunday. We know it’s hard to capture the importance of this deadline in writing, so we figured we’d just personally tell you on camera. Will you pitch in and become a Founding Grassroots Donor now?
Here’s the deal: Our FIRST End-Of-Quarter Deadline of the entire election is this Sunday. We know it’s hard to capture the importance of this deadline in writing, so we figured we’d just personally tell you on camera. Will you pitch in and become a Founding Grassroots Donor now?
Historic flooding has devastated the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation. It is so critical that we ensure people there, and in other areas impacted by the Midwest flooding, receive the resources they need to recover and rebuild. 
The teacher plan I released this week would give the average teacher a $13,500 raise and ensure they’re paid their value. When we invest in our nation’s teachers, we’re investing in our children’s future. Find out more about our plan at 
Fighting for the people is at the core of who I am, and the foundation of our campaign. Contribute now and take a moment to share below why you’re fighting with me.
The critical move to ban so-called conversion therapy by Puerto Rico’s Governor will protect LGBTQ youth from this horrible practice. Conversion therapy has already been banned in 15 states plus D.C. — and I’ve co-sponsored a bill to ban it nationwide.
As president, I will pass the LIFT Act and bring much-needed relief to middle-class and working-class families by raising incomes up to $500 each month. These families are struggling and deserve a leader who will fight for economic justice on their behalf.
Our country is facing a major housing crisis. In one of the wealthiest countries in the world, millions of Americans are being forced to make tough choices between paying rent on time or taking care of their families. I’ve proposed the Rent Relief Act to ease that burden. 
The teacher pay gap is a national failure that’s holding America back. Our country has failed to give teachers the resources they deserve. My plan would provide a $13k raise for the average teacher. I am committed to this fight for our teachers and our future.
Betsy DeVos wants to give teachers guns — I want to give them a raise. 
I was raised by a mother who taught us that if you see a problem, you don't complain about it. You do something about it. That's why I'm running for president. We have to stand up and fight for our American values.
Students and young people will play a huge role in this election. From the student loan debt crisis to climate change, every single decision we make affects your future and your voices should be heard. That's why we’re launching Camp Kamala in Iowa.
President Trump keeps playing politics with our health care. If he gets his way and the Affordable Care Act is struck down, millions of Americans could lose their insurance and protections for their pre-existing conditions. Let’s be real: we need a new president.
I am running for president to put our government back in the hands of the people. Our campaign won’t accept a penny from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists. I don’t answer to them, I answer to people like you. Pitch in today before Sunday’s deadline:
Trump has been attacking people with disabilities relentlessly since taking office. From trying to tear down the Affordable Care Act to slashing their benefits and now attempting to eliminate funding for the Special Olympics, it could not be more clear: we need a new president.
The gap between what teachers and people with similar educations earn creates disastrous consequences. Teachers are leaving their dream jobs because they can’t make ends meet. That’s not right. They deserve better. My plan will help us retain and empower teachers.
Americans deserve to see the full Mueller report, not a four-page summary from Trump’s hand-picked Attorney General. This is about protecting the public’s trust in our democracy and government. We need transparency. 
More than 11M Americans are spending more than half of their income on housing. That means less money for groceries, medications, bus fares, and other necessities. They deserve relief. The Rent Relief Act would help to ease that burden and put money back in people’s pockets.
People are killed in our streets, in our churches, at concerts, and in our communities. The devastating effects of gun violence demand action. That means ending the gun lobby’s corrupt influence in Washington. We have to speak that truth.
We are working to build a winning campaign and that means every commitment — even the smallest — makes a difference to our fight. Pitch in today and invest in our movement for tomorrow: 
When LBJ made a major education investment, he told the country that it was to “bridge the gap between helplessness and hope.” 54 years later, this gap remains — but I am determined to keep building that bridge as president.
This Administration is deliberately ignoring the threat of climate change and favoring polluters over American’s health. We can’t leave our children and their children to deal with the consequences of their inaction.
Vel Phillips was a pioneer in the fight for racial and economic justice. In Wisconsin and beyond, her activism and her legacy lives through each of us as we work toward a future that promises equality, justice, and opportunity for all. 
The United States is facing a teacher pay crisis. Public school teachers earn 11% less than professionals with similar educations and teachers overall are more likely than non-teachers to work a second job. Read my plan to fix this crisis at  
What’s happening at our border in El Paso is unmistakably a humanitarian crisis. Leaving families outdoors in cramped, unsanitary conditions with little or no access to hot food and showers is cruel and a violation of their human rights. 
Congress needs to reverse the FCC’s misguided decision to repeal net neutrality protections. Let’s not waste another second longer to pass the  Act, restore net neutrality, and keep the internet open and accessible for all Americans.
I often get asked "how can we afford this" — but my question is: how can we afford NOT to give our teachers a raise? They're raising our children. Don't they deserve our respect? Don't they deserve to get paid their value? 
It’s unbelievable. The NRA is trying to block the Violence Against Women Act, which helps survivors of domestic and sexual assault, because part of the bill would seek to keep guns out of the hands of abusers. Congress must stand up to the gun lobby. Lives are at stake.
Without the protections of the Affordable Care Act, Americans with pre-existing conditions could be denied health insurance and insurance companies would once again be allowed to discriminate based on age and gender. We won’t let Republicans bring us back to those days. 
The average teacher salary has gone down over the last decade and too many are working multiple jobs to make ends meet. We’ve failed to give teachers the respect they deserve. That’s why I’ve released a plan to provide the average teacher a $13,500 raise: 
On average, Black teachers earn $2,700​ less per year than white teachers and women earn $2,000 less than men. That’s wrong. We must do better to narrow those disparities and lift up these teachers.
 🏫Mrs. ColeMrs. WilliamsMrs. HarrisMr. Delp Mrs. CoffeeMr. ChamberlinSeñora HoneycuttMr. DayMrs. JohnsonMrs. Bee…
If we’re going to close this teacher wage gap and pay teachers their worth, we must all raise our voices together. Add your name next to mine to show your support for millions of dedicated teachers across this country: 
Thousand Oaks Elementary School was where I first learned the importance of teachers. They’re the ones staying up late to think of creative lesson plans or coming in early to help tutor our kids. I introduced a plan today to increase their pay. They’ve earned it. 
It’s clear more is needed to effectively recruit and retain teachers across the country. A federal plan to provide support, training, and professional development is critical to sustaining our education system. I introduced a plan today to do just that. 
From West Virginia to Oklahoma to California, educators are standing up in solidarity for dignity and equity in our classrooms. They deserve a president who supports them. Betsy DeVos proposed giving teachers guns. I’m proposing we give them a raise.
Teachers are more likely than non-teachers to work a second job. We all deserve an America where you only need one job to pay the bills. We must close the teacher pay gap. 
In 30 states, average teacher pay is less than the living wage for a family of four. The teacher pay gap is a national crisis. Sign your name next to mine if you agree:  
Teachers work incredibly hard to build the foundation of our country, one student at a time. That's why I've released a plan to give teachers a raise. 
Our children are being raised by two groups of people: families and teachers. Yet, we fail to pay teachers their value. As president, I will make the largest federal investment in teacher pay in U.S. history and give the average teacher a $13,500 raise.
Trump and his administration are trying to take health care away from tens of millions of Americans — again. We must fight back again with everything we've got. And in 2020, we need to elect a president who will make health care a right.
They came. They ran. And they won. Seventeen Black women made history in Harris County when they were elected to the Bench. I’m so glad I got to share a moment with some of them this weekend. It was an honor to witness your sisterhood. 
Trump is in Big Oil’s pocket, and they know it. It’s time we put an end to oil companies manipulating our laws and poisoning our planet. Unlike this president, I’ve sided with our environment over special interests — and I’ll continue to do so in office.
Author, activist, and philosopher Grace Lee Boggs dedicated her 100 years striving for racial and economic justice. She also worked to encourage young people to get actively involved in their neighborhoods through the program Detroit Summer.  
“[Trump] doesn’t want another single dollar going to the island.” The people that are in Puerto Rico are United States citizens. They are in dire need. Denying them assistance is cruel. 
This weekend I hit the campaign trail in Georgia and Texas. In our campaign, we will compete everywhere, for every vote. That’s how we grow our party and win.
Absolutely heartbroken that in the past week, we've lost two Parkland survivors and the father of one of the Sandy Hook victims. Gun violence affects so many lives and we must do better to help each other heal after such tragedies. 
Any success we achieve in life is due in large part to the teachers who believed in us and invested in our future. It's time to ensure teachers are finally paid their worth.
Far too many Americans do not have access to the health care they need. Right now, one out of four diabetes patients cannot afford their insulin. Too many Americans are being forced to choose between life-saving prescription drugs and putting food on the table. That’s outrageous.
FEMA officials must be held accountable for mishandling the personal information of millions of California wildfire survivors and hurricane victims. This is unacceptable. 
 Wish you could have been there at the rally yesterday! We'll see you next time we're in town. 
This could be the generation to powerfully stand up to the gun lobby, but it’s going to take all of us fighting for each other, speaking the truth about this painful epidemic, and standing up for what's morally right to address this violence.
Seven-year-old Havana Chapman-Edwards was the only student last year to take part in a walkout at her school to honor the victims of the Columbine shooting and call for gun safety reform — but found support with the students that participated across America.  
Thank you Atlanta for the welcome! From discussing the need for better teacher pay, to how we can protect our communities from gun violence, I’m glad you all were able to join me on this beautiful Sunday afternoon. 
The Mueller report needs to be made public, the underlying investigative materials should be handed over to Congress, and Barr must testify. That is what transparency looks like. A short letter from Trump's hand-picked Attorney General is not sufficient.
It isn’t enough to just say our teachers shape the future of our country, we should pay them like it. It’s past time we value and respect their work, compassion, and dedication to our kids.
It was an honor to join and his congregation at this morning. Today’s incredible service on Youth Day showed the power of young leaders who are fighting for our future. Let’s continue to empower and listen to the voices of young people. 
 Brother Jensen. He treated my budding interest in literature seriously, and encouraged me to explore the wo…
 Pat Johnson, English teacher at Waskom High School in Texas, inspired me to strive high regardless of obstacles.…
 I was always sick as a child due to an immune disorder ; couldn’t go out for recess in the cold Ohio win…
 My music 🎵 teacher Mr. Lonnie Thomas was an impactful influence on me as an artist and as a person. He provi…
 I flunked 7th grade math but when I got to high school Mr. Wright taught algebra with such clarity and grace…
 My 10th grade English teach Kyla Ward noticed I needed glasses badly, and would always email me inexpens…
 My current chorus teacher is the best teacher I’ve ever had. He’s such an inspiration, he challenges us t…
 My high school journalism teacher Ms. Jones, who encouraged me to keep writing and said she had no doubt she’d se…
Most teachers take money from their own pockets to buy students the supplies they need. They’re the ones creating a special handshake for each student or spending extra time to tutor their students in science or math. But they’re underpaid and overlooked. We have to change that. 
My first grade teacher, Mrs. Francis Wilson, changed my life and helped make me the person I am today. Teachers do so much and it’s time they were respected. If you had a teacher that made a mark on your life, share your story with me today and I’ll  some throughout the day.
Still thinking of the devastating flooding in Iowa and Nebraska. My heart goes out to those who have lost homes and businesses. Thank you to the first responders and volunteers who have been working tirelessly in their communities.
One year ago today, people across the country took part in the powerful March for our Lives movement led by our nation’s youth and demanded our leaders in Congress take a stand against gun violence. It’s because of them I’m optimistic we will one day end this horrific epidemic.
One of the biggest health care reforms in half a century became law nine years ago. The Affordable Care Act showed us what’s possible when we fight for health care as a right for all, not a privilege for a few, and create a real pathway for Medicare for All.
I know the impact teachers can have. My first grade teacher, Mrs. Wilson, supported me from my time at Thousand Oaks Elementary School to when I walked across the stage to get my law degree. Supporting our teachers is critical for our students, our economy, and our country. 
Today marks three years since my office won a $1.1B judgment for the victims of Corinthian Colleges, who were preyed upon and left with mountains of debt and useless degrees. As president, I'll continue to protect students from deceptive for-profit colleges.
Our country needs an Administration that supports public education, not privatization.We need a Secretary of Education who actually has experience in education.We need a president who stands with teachers, has their backs and respects their work.
Moments ago, I pledged that at the end of my first term as president we'll close the teacher pay gap with the largest federal investment in teacher pay in American history. No teacher should have to work 2-3 jobs to survive. That’s wrong. I’m ready to do something about it. 
  is about student success ; respect for educators ; public education. This should be central to the 2020 conversatio…
It feels good to be in Houston. Can't wait to see you at our rally and lay out our vision for a better America, including the need to give teachers a raise. See you soon! 
 Thank you for putting teachers front and center.  
 THIS is incredible!!  is putting attracting ; retaining teachers front and center. This would make a huge di…
Releasing the Mueller report to the public is about protecting our democracy and the people’s confidence in our elections and government. The White House must not interfere in any way — give the information to the American people.
In America, public school teachers are paid about $13,000 a year less than other college graduates. That could be mortgage payments or the cost of groceries for a family for a year. It’s a national failure. It’s time we give America’s teachers a raise. 
We don’t know many details yet about Special Counsel Mueller’s report. But there is one thing I know: the report must be made public immediately. Add your name if you agree →
We need total transparency. The American people have the right to know the truth. Add your name to my petition demanding the Mueller report be made public and that Attorney General William Barr testify before Congress &gt;&gt;
We need total transparency. The American people have the right to know the truth. Add your name to my petition demanding the Mueller report be made public and that Attorney General William Barr testify before Congress &gt;&gt;
We need total transparency. The American people have the right to know the truth. Add your name to my petition demanding the Mueller report be made public and that Attorney General William Barr testify before Congress &gt;&gt;
We need total transparency. The American people have the right to know the truth. Add your name to my petition demanding the Mueller report be made public and that Attorney General William Barr testify before Congress &gt;&gt;
We need total transparency. The American people have the right to know the truth. Add your name to my petition demanding the Mueller report be made public and that Attorney General William Barr testify before Congress &gt;&gt;
We need total transparency. The American people have the right to know the truth. Add your name to my petition demanding the Mueller report be made public and that Attorney General William Barr testify before Congress &gt;&gt;
Americans deserve to know the truth now that the Mueller report is complete. The report must be released immediately and AG Barr must publicly testify under oath about the investigation's findings. We need total transparency here.
Now that Robert Mueller’s investigation has reached its conclusion, Congress must receive all underlying investigative materials in either a classified or unclassified setting. Add your name if you agree.
Now that Robert Mueller’s investigation has reached its conclusion, Congress must receive all underlying investigative materials in either a classified or unclassified setting. Add your name if you agree.
Now that Robert Mueller’s investigation has reached its conclusion, Congress must receive all underlying investigative materials in either a classified or unclassified setting. Add your name if you agree.
Now that Robert Mueller’s investigation has reached its conclusion, Congress must receive all underlying investigative materials in either a classified or unclassified setting. Add your name if you agree.
Now that Robert Mueller’s investigation has reached its conclusion, Congress must receive all underlying investigative materials in either a classified or unclassified setting. Add your name if you agree.
Now that Robert Mueller’s investigation has reached its conclusion, Congress must receive all underlying investigative materials in either a classified or unclassified setting. Add your name if you agree.
Our children should never have to live in fear that their school will be the next one devastated by gun violence. We cannot accept this as normal. Congress must pass universal background checks and renew the assault weapons ban.
Americans are now more likely to die from an opioid overdose than in a car crash. This is a public health crisis we cannot ignore.As president, I’ll fight to end the opioid epidemic — and take on Big Pharma for fueling this crisis nationwide. 
NEW for Merch Madness: get your Team Kamala hoodie, perfect for those chilly spring days when you’re going to canvass in your neighborhood. Get yours now →  
Houston, I’ll see you tomorrow. Bring your friends, bring your family, bring your neighbors — and be sure to RSVP here:  
I’ll say it again: Trump’s manufactured national emergency is making our country less safe. It’s reckless and irresponsible.
Our teachers didn’t sign up for this. They should be teaching our children about history, music, or math — and helping them grow. Every teacher and child deserves to go to school without having to worry about another mass shooting. 
Education has the ability to empower our children and improve their path in life. We have a responsibility to ensure our teachers are respected, earn dignified wages, and have quality health care, benefits, and every resource they need to do their job.
It is unconscionable that Americans across the country have mountains of debt from medical bills. We must address our crumbling health care system and pass Medicare for All.
Today in 1965, about 3,200 marchers set out to complete the journey from Selma to Montgomery. By the time they reached Montgomery, they were over 25,000 strong. Their determination and courage led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act.
If we are going to guarantee health care as a right, it has to be accessible for everybody, including transgender Americans.
These signs of hate are dangerous and deeply painful. The Jewish people have faced threats of violence and vile signs of anti-Semitism for centuries. These incidents must be called out and condemned every time we see them.
A president’s budget is a reflection of their values. Cuts to programs for health care, low-income families, and student loan borrowers say everything about Trump’s priorities. 
Just a few days left until our rally in Houston. Excited to share my vision for the future of our country with you all. Don’t forget to RSVP for any updates → 
Closing the Charleston loophole is common-sense gun safety reform. We must continue to fight to eliminate senseless gun violence at every level of government. 
Dr. Karen Uhlenbeck was recognized for her fundamental work in geometry and analysis, becoming the first woman to earn the prestigious mathematics Abel Prize. Congratulations! 
Show your friends, family, and neighbors that you’re on Team Kamala. Check out the brand new gear in the online store we’re releasing for Merch Madness:  
So-called conversion therapy is a horrifying and abusive practice. I applaud Puerto Rico's Governor for banning it. It's time Congress passed legislation I've cosponsored to ban it nationwide.
I’m excited to see you on Sunday, Atlanta! It’ll be a big day where we talk about the future of our country. If you haven’t already, take a moment to RSVP for the rally →  
Shirley Chisholm paved the way for Black women to run, win, and lead.  
To everyone in California and across the country celebrating, hope you have a happy and joyful Holi. 
Whether it’s $1, $5, or $25, every single grassroots donation is critical to build and sustain our campaign. Give today to help us continue our fight tomorrow (and beyond):
This president and his administration have failed the American people. So looking to 2020, we need someone who can successfully prosecute the case against them. Someone who can stand on a debate stage and hold them accountable. This is a fight I'm prepared to win. 
The arts, public television, libraries, and museums all enrich the soul, educate the mind, and can open up a world of possibilities to young children. But Trump’s budget threatens to slash $897 million in funding for these programs — including completely defunding PBS and NPR.
After losing her wife, Edie Windsor took her fight against DOMA all the way to the Supreme Court in 2013, laying the groundwork for marriage equality. Let’s celebrate her legacy by taking on the tough fights and pushing for progress for all LGBTQ Americans.  
It's common sense to put carbon monoxide detectors in HUD housing, protecting the lives of millions of residents. Thank you, for urging Congress to pass this critical bill.
After a historic effort in Florida to restore voting rights to about 1.4 million formerly incarcerated individuals, Republican lawmakers are attempting to limit their right to vote. 
Banning transgender people from serving in our military violates the fundamental value at the heart of our country: equality. This cannot be our America.
Congratulations, for your win last night! Can’t wait to see what you do as State Senator for District 30. 
The force is strong tonight on Tune in to catch me along with at 11:35 p.m. ET. 
Our campaign is powered by the grassroots. We’re fighting for the people and that means meeting people where they are — in communities across the country. Get involved and make a difference in our country wherever you are: 
Devastating news out of the Midwest with rivers overflowing, roads swept away, and homes underwater. We can’t help folks affected by these historic floods without acknowledging our failure to stabilize crumbling infrastructure across this country.
I stand in solidarity with workers raising their voices for fair wages, job security, and better health benefits. I applaud them for organizing to demand what they deserve.
 gave me more than an education. It instilled in generations of students a purpose and passion for service, and a chance to speak truth and demand change. I am forever a proud Bison. 
It shouldn't matter how much money you have or what neighborhood you live in — everyone deserves clean water. We saw this story play out in Flint. Now we’re seeing reports in South Carolina. Enough is enough. We need action now.
HOUSTON: I am coming to rally with you this Saturday at Texas Southern University. Can't wait to be on campus at one of America's largest HBCUs. Say you'll be there→
Democrats in Iowa are fighting to protect women’s rights and Iowa’s schools, which is why every single seat in the State Senate matters. District 30: today’s your day to make a difference. Get out and vote today to support Polls close at 9 p.m.
As I’ve traveled the country, I’ve met with folks working two or three jobs just to get by. Their wages aren’t keeping up with the cost of living, gas, rent, and utilities. That’s why I proposed two bills to give middle-class and working families a lift up.
Our nation's leaders should have acted to end gun violence after Sandy Hook. After Charleston. After San Bernardino. After Pulse. After Sutherland Springs. After Las Vegas.After the Tree of Life Synagogue. After Parkland. After Thousand Oaks. How many more?
World-renowned ballerina Maria Tallchief was repeatedly told she should change her name so dance companies wouldn’t discriminate against her because of her Native American ancestry. She refused, and would go on to become America's first major prima ballerina.  
Passing the EQUALITY Act would send a clear message that discrimination against transgender people won’t be tolerated. No one should be fired or dehumanized by their employer simply for their gender identity or expression.
We need a president who will stand up to the gun lobby. We had an assault weapons ban once, and we should have it again. These weapons of war do not belong on our streets, in our schools, or at our houses of worship. This is a fight I will take on as president.
Of the 40 million family caregivers in the U.S., one in four are millennials. Guaranteed paid family leave would support families, protect workers, assist those taking on the role as caregiver, and give financial security for future generations.
Houston, I’m headed your way this Saturday. We’re locking down the final details of where we’ll be holding our rally, so be sure to RSVP now:
I won’t back down from speaking the truth about major corporations that threaten our environment. I held Big Oil and polluters accountable after the 2015 oil spill and took on gas price fixing in California — I’ll continue that tough fight to preserve our planet and economy.
Under the Post-9/11 GI Bill, members of our military can transfer unused education benefits to a spouse or child, but this doesn’t apply across the board to foster children and legal wards. My colleagues and I introduced a common-sense fix to make those benefits universal.
I come from a long line of tough, trailblazing, phenomenal women. My grandmother would go into villages in India with a bullhorn, telling poor women how to access birth control. Fighting for access to critical health care is at the core of who I am.
I am deeply inspired by courage. At just 16, she has already made history as a leader in the international fight against climate change — one of the most pressing, critical issues facing our planet. 
Attacking a leader who has fought on behalf of workers his whole life, instead of holding a company accountable for closing factories is blatantly misguided and anti-worker. 
People from all across the country have chipped in to show corporate PACs that we won’t accept a system that drowns out the voices of the American people. If you can afford to, chip in now:
It’s outrageous that we face a budget that would slash funding for critical services for our seniors, children, people with disabilities, and families. Trump’s proposed budget says a lot about his Administration’s values and priorities. 
We need true leaders who will demand equality, fight for worker rights, and uphold decency. It’s the only way forward. 
One week from today we’re hosting a rally in Atlanta to lay out our vision of what our country could look like if we had a president that supported Medicare for All, a $15 minimum wage, and actually acted on climate change. Hope to see you there! 
The real national emergency is the failed leadership of this President. Americans are dying in the streets from gun violence, too many are working more for less, and white supremacy is rising around the globe. We need a president who will speak truth and fight for the people.
We need to act quickly and confront our contribution to climate change or face devastating, irreversible damage to our planet — including millions of people dying prematurely.
In 1973, tennis player Billie Jean King beat Bobby Riggs in the highly anticipated “Battle of the Sexes” match, earning respect for women’s tennis. The U.S. Open started offering equal prize money to men and women thanks to her gender equality efforts.  
Americans owe over $1.5 trillion in student loan debt — surpassing credit card debt. We can’t ignore this crisis as it continues to hurt the livelihoods of student loan borrowers and harms our country. It’s vital we make college debt-free. Let’s end the crushing cycle of debt.
When the Supreme Court took up cases on women’s health, I fought to ensure companies provided health insurance that covers contraceptives and protected patients’ access to reproductive health clinics. I did it as Attorney General, I’d do the same as president.
Outdated technology holds Americans back from accessing critical information they use every day. We need to make government websites and tools less confusing and bring them into the 21st century. 
Puerto Rico resident Valeria Delgado Rivera may be forced to eat only breakfast and dinner after these cuts. “The only help I get for buying food is from this program. Of course I’m scared.”It’s devastating how our government failed our citizens.
Born in Florida, educator and anthropologist Johnnetta Cole was the first Black woman to become president of Spelman College, a historically Black college for women. She has dedicated her life to furthering the education of young girls and advancing the diversity of African arts. 
ATLANTA: Get ready! I’m hosting a rally to share my vision for our future. Can you make it? Spread the word and RSVP for the March 24 event →  
A majority of Americans oppose Trump’s national emergency declaration. He is playing politics with taxpayer resources to build an unnecessary wall. Congress now has a duty to overturn the President’s veto. 
Today in 1965, Lyndon B. Johnson called for legislation guaranteeing equal voting rights for every American. More than 50 years later, that struggle continues. As President, I’d support making Election Day a national holiday, expanding early voting, and automatic registration.
To everyone participating in the Youth Climate Strike: I see you and I am with you. I am fighting for you and your future. You are inspiring millions to rise up and preserve our planet. Thank you for taking on a tough fight.
Vile acts of anti-Semitism and hatred have no place in our nation. We must call out and condemn them. 
My heart is heavy with grief for New Zealand ; Muslims worldwide affected by the tragic murders in Christchurch. The massacre of those in a house of worship, in prayer, is evil ; cowardly. We stand with our friends around the world to condemn hate ; speak out against intolerance.
Excited to be in Houston next Saturday! If you’re in the area, I’d love to share my vision for America with you, your family, and friends. RSVP today for our first campaign rally in Texas →  
Congress could pass one of the most massive anti-corruption bills in modern history and put the power back into the hands of the people. H.R. 1 is our chance to remove distrust and injustice from our elections by getting big money out of politics and strengthening voting rights.
Our campaign finance system is stacked against everyday people — corporations and dark-money groups are able to spend as much as they want to sway our democracy. This is wrong. Our campaign is funded by and for the people:
A budget is a reflection of our values. It’s clear that Trump’s proposed budget puts politics over the people. It slashes funds for nutrition assistance by almost $17B and cuts $897M from budget. These cuts will have a real effect on people’s lives.
Today, I am calling for a national moratorium on the death penalty. It is morally wrong, ineffective, and applied unequally. In America, nobody should be executed. We are better than this.
We need a president who listens to the American people. I urge Trump to do the right thing and sign this resolution ending his manufactured emergency declaration. 
Trump has proposed allowing federally funded adoption and foster care agencies to discriminate against same-sex couples. It was wrong to deny same-sex couples from adopting in 2010 and it is wrong now. 
The death penalty is a deeply flawed system. DNA has proven that there are people convicted and sentenced to death who turned out to be innocent. This is a sentence that has been disproportionately applied against people of color and in particular Black and brown men.
BREAKING: the Senate just blocked Trump’s national emergency declaration. A majority of voters oppose his national declaration. Congress listened to the will of the people — the President should too.
Kenneth Lee, up for a lifetime appointment to the Ninth Circuit, has repeatedly failed to disclose controversial writings, including ones where he defended racist and offensive conduct at Cornell. It's disgraceful the GOP is pushing through his confirmation.
This is an important first step for Sandy Hook families and all families who want to hold gun manufacturers accountable. They deserve their day in court.  
 You’re right, Zach. Simple, smart investments that help state and local governments reach Americans and provide resources to improve their lives are just commonsense.
Later today I will vote to block Trump’s manufactured emergency declaration. We don’t need a wall, we need a president who will address actual emergencies plaguing our people — climate change, gun violence, and the opioid crisis just to name a few.
An unexpected trip to the hospital shouldn’t land you in bankruptcy court. Yet more than 40% of adults say they don’t have enough cash to cover a $400 emergency expense. Middle-class Americans deserve a break. The LIFT Act would raise incomes for working families up to $500/mo.
Learn more about these Asian-American women who are getting the job done and not letting anyone — or anything — hold them back. 
Unlike Trump, I’ll side with our environment over special interests and Big Oil. Unlike Trump, I’ll side with students over predatory for-profit colleges. Unlike Trump, I’ll side with consumers over Wall Street’s greed and abuse. We need a new president.
LGBTQ Americans face real discrimination on the job, in our schools, and when trying to find and pay for a home. That needs to end. The EQUALITY Act would ensure members of the LGBTQ community are protected from discrimination nationwide. We must pass it.
HOUSTON: I’m headed your way next week! Join us for a rally on Saturday, March 23. RSVP now to be the first to know about our official location: 
Trump’s “national emergency” is a manufactured crisis that plays politics with taxpayers’ hard-earned dollars. We don’t need a wall when so many other crises like climate change and gun violence plague our nation. I urge my colleagues to block this.
I’m running for President to fight for all Americans. But I can’t do it alone. Sign up to join our team today.
Medicare for All. A middle class tax cut. Gun safety. Our presidential campaign is built on the issues that matter to working people. Will you join us today?
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better.
Trump’s budget:❌Cuts $845 billion from Medicare❌Slashes $26 billion from Social Security❌Cuts $200 billion from student loan programsAll while directing billions to build his wall. Make no mistake, this budget will hurt the poor, elderly, and Americans with disabilities.
Internationally ranked saber fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad won bronze in the 2016 Rio Olympics, at the same time becoming the first American woman to compete in the Olympics in a hijab. Her spirit and activism has empowered young kids across the country.  
Neomi Rao has never served as a judge. Her prior writings about sexual assault blamed survivors for the trauma they experienced. I will vote NO on her nomination and urge my colleagues to do the same.
The death penalty is immoral, discriminatory, ineffective, and proven to be unequally applied. I applaud Governor for his decision to put a moratorium on this deeply flawed system of capital punishment in California.
We need a new president who will fight for Medicare for All, not attempt to take health care away from tens of millions of Americans.
Trump’s budget would hurt older Americans by cutting billions from Medicare and Social Security, more than a year after the GOP’s tremendous tax cuts for the 1%. How is it fair to balance the budget on the backs of our seniors? I won’t stand for it.
“Women, if the soul of the nation is to be saved, I believe that you must become its soul." —Coretta Scott King 
This is a movement about all of us, not big money. Our campaign doesn’t accept contributions from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists — instead, we’re putting our campaign in the hands of people like you. Chip in now→
 has dedicated her life to improving her community and if elected, she’ll fight for more investments in education and affordable housing. I know Tina will create a better future for all South Carolinians. Chip in to help her campaign: 
I'm honored to serve with members like an outspoken advocate for common-sense gun safety reforms, who is calling on her colleagues and the country to finally address the gun violence epidemic.
The deaths of public housing residents from carbon monoxide poisoning were preventable tragedies. We must act now to get carbon monoxide detectors in HUD housing to protect the well-being of those who reside there.
On this day in 1912, was founded. To every Girl Scout across our nation: keep speaking up. Be confident and own your voice. You are the leaders of tomorrow — a majority of women elected to Congress are former Girl Scouts.
It’s on each of us to speak these necessary truths about our country and race if we’re going to begin to build an inclusive, fair, and equal America.
A federal paid leave program would ensure Americans have the opportunity to be caregivers and providers for their loved ones without worrying about income security and how to make ends meet. Congress must commit to passing the FAMILY Act.
A revolutionary movement in our nation’s history started at the Stonewall Inn in 1969 with Marsha P. Johnson seeking liberation, freedom, and equal rights for the LGBTQ community. Her legacy of fighting for access, justice, safety, and equity lives on today.  
The President was willing to prolong a historic government shutdown over his vanity project, but we can't allow him to defy Congress’ rejection of his manufactured emergency declaration. This must end now.
This budget says a lot about the President's priorities: cut $845 billion from Medicare, while spending billions on his vanity project, the wall.This would hurt our seniors and is yet another piece of evidence for why we need a new president. 
After winning the World Cup in 2015, the U.S. women’s soccer team was paid a third of the men’s team earnings that same year. Now, the team is taking matters into their own hands to demand long overdue equal pay. 
An absolutely devastating tragedy and a loss for so many around the world. 
Teachers across the United States are rising up to bring attention to the conditions in our underfunded schools and advocate for their students.  
As the damaging effects of climate change increase, women and girls globally will feel the greatest burden with higher conditions of poverty, insecurity, and displacement. Our fight for a solution is for all of us and especially the most vulnerable among us.
As a young girl I used to listen to Mary Don't You Weep and would dance around my living room to Rock Steady. In February, I introduced legislation with my colleagues to award the Queen of Soul with a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of her cultural contributions. 
Someone recently asked me an important question. Here’s my answer. 
Harriet Tubman lived her life as a fighter. She escaped from slavery in her twenties, but returned many times, risking her safety to lead her family and other slaves to freedom. On Harriet Tubman Day, we honor her bravery. 
At our meet-and-greet in South Carolina, Jazz asked, “If I try hard enough, do you think I can be President one day?” Absolutely, there is no question. 
I fight for an America where no person is afraid to go to a school, a movie theater, a church — anywhere — for fear of being a victim of the next mass shooting. Let’s pass universal background checks and renew the assault weapons ban. We can’t wait any longer.
National parks are the heart and soul of our country and should be cherished, celebrated, and protected. Proud to be a part of preserving our majestic lands in California and across our nation.
This Administration continues to deny fact when it comes to climate change. They continue to deny science. They would rather have us buy science fiction than tackle this imminent threat to our planet. Climate change is happening and turning a blind eye won’t make it go away.
Yesterday the House passed the  Act, which:✅ Gets big money out of our politics✅ Strengthens voting rights✅ Holds elected officials to high ethical standardsAmericans deserve to have their elected officials vote on this on the floor of the Senate.
For too long, the powerful gun lobby has poured millions of dollars into our elections, hand-picking a Congress to turn a blind eye to gun violence. I say enough is enough. Americans demand stricter gun safety reforms and deserve action.
Republican lawmakers in Georgia and Tennessee are pushing for extreme restrictions on women’s reproductive freedom. We must ensure that women - not politicians - can make their own choices about their bodies. These fights are too important to give up now.
It takes courage to speak the truth like State Senator Stephanie Flowers did. Raising our voices against gun violence should never be silenced or dismissed. 
 What a great photo, Lauren. Thank you for coming out!
This Administration is barging straight ahead with their despicable ban, turning their backs on those who want to serve our nation. Transgender members of our military don’t deserve this uncertainty. 
It isn’t enough to just celebrate and uplift women, we must pay women equally for their work, take serious steps to close the wage gap, and fight for the economic security of all women. Because when we fight for women, our whole society benefits.
Paul Manafort’s sentencing this week is further evidence of the glaring disparities in America’s judicial system. People who commit white-collar crimes should be ready to face the same consequences as anyone else who commits a crime.
It was standing room only at Big Mike’s Soul Food yesterday in South Carolina. One woman in the crowd put it so well, “we’re fighting for our souls, so no better place to do that than here.” 
A woman is five times more likely to be killed during a domestic violence situation if a gun is present. When we fight for universal background checks, we’re fighting to keep guns out of dangerous abusers’ hands, protect women, and save lives.
Let this be a reminder that women continue to make history every day. I applaud these women and for this major milestone. 
There’s nothing partisan about wanting a system where health care isn’t based on how much money you have or the area you live in. I support Medicare for All because health care shouldn’t be a function of your bank account.
Countless Americans have felt the devastating ramifications of the War on Drugs — millions still remain incarcerated to this day. This is a matter of public health, drug addiction, and economic security. I’ll say it again as I did in 2008: it was a complete failure. 
As a child, Marla Runyan developed Stargardt’s Disease which left her legally blind. An avid athlete since age 3, she started focusing on track when she could no longer see the soccer ball. She would go on to finish fourth in the 2002 NYC Marathon in 2:27:10.  
College debt now exceeds $1.5 trillion, second only to mortgage debt. Unless we take decisive action now to provide relief to students by passing the Debt-Free College Act and make college debt-free for everyone, the vicious cycle will continue.
Members of our military have already given so much. Raiding money from their pensions to fund the President’s wasteful vanity project is outrageous. Our servicemembers deserve better. 
We’re here because of the sacrifices from all the extraordinary women who came before us. Never stop fighting for progress, equity, and freedom in their legacy.  
We made great strides in 2018, with an unprecedented number of women running for office, and over 100 women sworn in to the 116th Congress. But we still have a long way to go; the U.S. ranks 75th out of 193 countries in terms of women’s representation in government. 
BREAKING: the House just passed legislation to get big money out of our politics, expand voting rights, and hold our elected officials to a higher ethical standard. Let’s get this passed in the Senate. 
 Watching my friend, become the first Native American woman to sit in the Speaker’s chair and preside over th…
From the economy to climate change to criminal justice reform to national security, all issues are women’s issues — and a key to tackling these challenges we face is to make sure women are at the table. 
97% of Americans support universal background checks. 97%. These background checks can save lives. My colleagues and I are calling on Republican leadership to hold critical hearings on the background check bill that passed the House.
People in power are trying to convince us that the villain in our American story is each other. I reject that. I believe when we come together to fight for what’s morally right, we can create change in every part of our country. 
On March 7, 1965, peaceful protestors were unjustly beaten back by state troopers as they attempted to cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge in the fight for voting rights. A brighter future requires acknowledging our painful past. Their fight for social justice lives on through us all. 
Congress has an opportunity to pass H.R. 1, legislation to preserve our democracy. Voting rights are on the line. Our elections are on the line. Our country is on the line. This is a matter of fighting  and we need to commit to it.
Shirley Chisholm had guts. She had guts to oppose the Vietnam War. The guts to run for president in 1972. The guts to speak uncomfortable truths. To ensure her legacy continues to endure and thrive I’ve reintroduced a bill to place a statue of her in our nation’s Capitol.
The Trump Administration ended a policy that prohibited detaining pregnant women in immigrant detention centers last March. That’s not just immoral, it’s dangerous. My colleagues and I introduced a bill to end this cruel practice.
Don’t forget how this “national emergency” happened:→Congress denied the President funding for his wall→He shut down the government, throwing lives into chaos (costing the economy $11B)→ Bypassed Congress to declare a national emergencyWe can’t stand for this.
My friend and colleague is one of the most fearless fighters I know. I know he'll continue to stand up for the workers of Ohio and the country in the Senate.
Never forget that at the core of any civil rights movement, you will find powerful women as major leaders. Voting rights activist Amelia Boynton helped organize the Selma to Montgomery march to protest disenfranchisement, where she was beaten unconscious. 📷: Bettmann/CORBIS 
Honored to have the support of California mayors and who together work hard every day to represent nearly 3.5 million Californians.
Cable companies shouldn’t have the ability to block or slow down what you read or watch online. Period. The fight to restore net neutrality is about the future of our economy, free speech, and protecting consumers. We can’t back down. 
Access to public education, public health, and public safety should not be a function of how much money you have. Period.
Despite our differences, I believe the vast majority of Americans have so much more in common than what separates us. People want to keep their families healthy. To get a job and keep a job. To pay off student loans. It’s time we had leadership that recognized that.
The Trump Administration's attempt to undo equal pay requirements was struck down by a federal judge. With these requirements reinstated, roughly 60,800 employers who employ 63 million workers will be able to be held accountable.
As a society, we cannot play politics with fundamental rights. Make no mistake: affordable and meaningful health care should be thought of as a human right and civil right.
Since the Citizens United ruling, the rich and powerful have spent unlimited amounts of money to buy our elections. That’s wrong. Our campaign is taking $0 from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists. We’re funded by the people and for the people. Pitch in: 
We can’t ignore the risks of outdated voting infrastructure. Congress must pass our bipartisan bill to fortify and upgrade our election systems so we can protect our elections from future attacks by Russia and other foreign powers. There’s not a moment to waste.
Let's keep speaking out until every single infant is out of detention in Texas and elsewhere. This cannot be who we are as a country.
Kalpana Chawla was the first Indian-American woman to visit space as a mission specialist and robotic arm operator aboard the Columbia shuttle. Before her untimely death in 2003, she made a distinct difference in space exploration and in the lives of others.  
We need an Administration that will prioritize and defend civil rights, not turn a blind eye to violations. 
Republicans and this Administration are trying to remake the courts with judges who are anti-LGBTQ and have other extreme views. The impact of this will last for generations.
 was incredibly open and honest when telling her harrowing story and I commend her for her bravery. Biases in our medical system have a real impact on our nation's families. Thinking of Ellen, and their children.  
This President’s reckless foreign policy is making America less safe. Not only is he failing to get results, he’s emboldening our adversaries. No more.
Health equity for Black women can only happen if we recognize and address persistent biases in our health care system. We’re facing a maternal health crisis, and like any other crisis, it must be treated as a matter of public health.
As San Francisco’s District Attorney and California’s Attorney General, I helped make CA the first state to outlaw the “gay/trans panic” defense, which was used to justify violent crimes against LGBTQ people. We should pass my bill to ban it nationwide.
Thirteen-year-old disability activist Jordan Reeves has created numerous creative prosthetic designs, including a 3D unicorn horn that shoots glitter. Her latest work will ensure young people with disabilities have dolls that look like them. 
It’s simple: everyone deserves quality, affordable health care, no matter their background, zip code, or income. 
Too many guns are falling into the hands of dangerous people, threatening kids' lives and making our communities less safe. These moms are fighting to confront gun violence and protect our children. They don't deserve to be mocked. We stand with you, 
I believe in an America where the economy works for working people. Where our democracy and its institutions are protected against all enemies, foreign and domestic. Where we make it easier, not harder, for all voters to cast a ballot . That’s the America I fight for.
As President, I will fight to strengthen Social Security and Medicare, not cut them. These programs have made the difference for millions of seniors between just getting by and living in poverty. Every single American deserves to retire with dignity.
Today marks Asian American Women's Equal Pay Day, signifying the more than two extra months Asian American women have to work on average to catch up to their white male counterparts. That’s unjust and it’s time we closed the gap. 
Detaining infants is beyond cruel. This Administration's approach isn't border security; it's a human rights abuse. We are better than this.
We know the NRA and the gun lobby will do everything in their power to stop us from mandating background checks for every gun purchase. That's why we need to come together to show the strength of our movement.
Proud to see California fight back against this unconstitutional attack on women’s reproductive rights.
The fight for equal rights has made strides over the past century, but we still have a long way to go to close the gender pay gap, make paid leave a reality, and ensure all women have access to full reproductive care. 
In Las Vegas, Belize asked me: “How does it feel to run for President and are you nervous?” I told her it’s incredibly uplifting because I get to meet the angels who walk among us, like her.
Americans are dying in our streets from gun violence and too many of our leaders are cowering in fear of the gun lobby. That's not right. Demand Mitch McConnell schedule a vote this week to strengthen background checks:
There are two groups that raise our children: our families and our teachers. Never underestimate the power of an educator who is willing to go the extra mile for their students. 
40% of Americans say they don’t have enough cash to cover a $400 emergency expense. That could be the car breaking down, a hospital bill you didn’t expect. That’s not right. We need to pass the LIFT Act to raise incomes for working and middle class families by up to $500 a month.
Young people are leading the way and demanding change. Their courage motives me to keep fighting. 
Shirley Chisholm was unbought and unbossed. She fought to increase the minimum wage, establish programs for women, infants, and children, and worked to expand access to health care. Her brilliance and boldness opened doors for so many. I am inspired by her.  
For too long, we have tolerated a campaign finance system that drowns out your voice. I say no more. That’s why our campaign will not take a dime from corporate PACs — instead, we are powered by people like you.
The domestic gag rule is a direct assault on women’s health and I will begin the process of undoing it on my first day as President. No doctor should be silenced or intimidated from telling their patients about their health care options.
The people of Alabama and Georgia are in my prayers today after these deadly tornadoes. I’m heartbroken for the families that lost their loved ones or their homes. Let’s stand with them as recovery efforts begin.
America can — and must — meet the challenge of climate change head-on. It’s up to us to do what is necessary to secure a safe, healthy future for generations to come.
Claudette Colvin was a pioneer in the civil rights movement and protested segregation before the now infamous Montgomery Bus Boycott was launched. We all stand on the shoulders of giants. Never lose sight of who has fought for us and who we are fighting for.  
There is no denying it. Dark money is fueling our elections and manipulating the election process. That’s not justice. We have to get dark money out of politics. 
I’m so inspired by the young leaders across the country who are showing up to our town halls. Some of the best movements in our country have been fueled by the voices of young people who know what we can be. Our future is bright. 
It’s past time for us to address the harrowing issue of mass incarceration in our country. Legalizing marijuana can begin to set things on a better path by ending some of the misplaced priorities that have made our criminal justice system less just.
 Religion should not be used as a license to discriminate. The Do No Harm Act would make it clear that federal law cannot be weapo…
Many of us have been in situations where we’re the only one like us in the room. It could be a classroom, a meeting room, a board room. My advice when that happens: chin up, shoulders back ; speak for all the people who are so proud you are in that room and are cheering you on.
Carrie Ann Lucas died after being denied critical health care by her insurance provider. It's heartbreaking ; happens to too many Americans. In one of the wealthiest countries in the world, we should be able to make sure everyone gets the care they need.
Earlier this week, made it easier for families to stay in their neighborhoods by enacting statewide rent control. No one should ever have to choose between paying their rent each month or feeding their children. 
 Had a great conversation with at the this afternoon about fighting to win for working families ; i…
In 1965, those who marched in Selma showed courage in their conviction. Now, it’s on all of us to carry their work forward, even if our challenges are great and the road seems long. We can’t be daunted in the fight for justice.  
Hidden Figures Katherine Johnson, Christine Darden, Dorothy Vaughan, and Mary Jackson are one step closer to being awarded Congressional Gold Medals for their contributions to NASA’s success during the Space Race. 
No American should ever go bankrupt or be without health care in one of the wealthiest countries in the world. We need Medicare for All — and we need to fight for it.
Climate change is a threat to our national security. Period. Anyone who denies that has no business in our government. 
Stephon Clark should still be alive. Today’s news is a tragic and all too painful reminder that our criminal justice system is deeply flawed and lacks accountability. Our fight for justice continues.
This is absurd. One month after a historically painful government shutdown, more than 1,000 TSA agents still haven’t received back pay. These workers who keep us all safe deserve dignity and their full paychecks.
We should be investing more in public schools and public school teachers. Let’s stand up for our children’s futures and fight this Administration’s privatization schemes.
Happy Charter Day, For more than 150 years, Howard has endured and thrived. Generations of students have been nurtured and challenged there — and provided with the tools and confidence to soar. “I’m so glad I went to Howard U.”  
The fight for the best of who we are as a country is a fight worth having. I’m Kamala Harris and I’m running for president. Are you with me?
The fight for the best of who we are as a country is a fight worth having. I’m Kamala Harris and I’m running for president. Are you with me?
The fight for the best of who we are as a country is a fight worth having. I’m Kamala Harris and I’m running for president. Are you with me?
The fight for the best of who we are as a country is a fight worth having. I’m Kamala Harris and I’m running for president. Are you with me?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
What an important victory for teachers, students, and unions — proving the power is always with the people. 
In 99% of the counties in the United States, a minimum wage worker working full-time cannot afford market rate for a one-bedroom apartment. I’ll pass the Rent Relief Act as President, to guarantee more money in families’ pockets who are struggling with rent.
No better way to start Women’s History Month than showing the power of women who are shaping the future of our country. 
Inspired by the incredible people that joined us at this morning. My main takeaway: leadership should not be about using your power to belittle and bully. It should be about lifting people up.  
Oakland teachers: the work you do each and every day in your classroom is so incredibly important. We see you and we support you. Our students are worth fighting for. 
The Do No Harm Act would protect the basic rights of every American, including members of the LGBTQ community, women, and children.
“High-poverty districts serving mostly students of color receive about $1,600 less per student than the national average.”Education paves the way for a child’s success but racial disparities hold back students of color from their full potential. It’s time to speak that truth. 
My mother taught me that I had a responsibility to fight for justice and pave a path for others. This Women’s History Month, I will highlight women like her who are breaking down barriers and whose contributions and achievements have made the world a better place for others. 
Climate change is real and it is happening now. From wildfires in the west to hurricanes in the east, to floods and droughts in the heartland, we’ve got to act — based on science fact, not science fiction.
Closing out Black History Month with California native, director, and producer Ava has used her voice to amplify and uplift films by people of color and women filmmakers around the globe. 
“You must start the marriages immediately.”Two years before marriage equality became the law of the land across our nation, love won in California. We must continue to fight for equality and for the LGBTQ community with the same conviction. 
The Voter Empowerment Act would:🗳Ensure equal access to the ballot for every eligible voter🗳Modernize our voter registration system🗳Protect the integrity of our electionsIt’s time our elections better reflected the will of the people.
Too many lives have been ruined because of the War on Drugs. That’s why I am proud to co-sponsor legislation to legalize marijuana and expunge the records of those convicted of offenses related to marijuana use and possession.
We have a whole generation of Americans living with the sinking fear that they won’t do as well as their parents because their wages are stagnant and they are drowning in debt. We need to speak that truth.
The Rent Relief Act and the LIFT Act are designed to boost the incomes of middle class and working families and combat poverty in our nation. The LIFT Act will help lift 9 million Americans out of poverty. 
This is necessary common sense gun reform. Thank you to and the Charleston community who continued to fight through tragedy. I look forward to helping you close the Charleston Loophole.
Our campaign is rejecting contributions from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists, which means we need your help to reach our end-of-month fundraising goal. Every dollar you give, no matter what amount, makes a difference. Pitch in today: 
Grassroots support from people like you are powering this campaign. Help us reach our February goal of raising $500,000 online before midnight on Thursday→
One month ago in Oakland, we officially launched our campaign for President of the United States — a movement of the people, by the people, and for all people. It’s been an incredible month, but let me tell you — we’re just getting started. 
“Grown-ish” star and activist Yara Shahidi has used her platform for good, encouraging young people to get involved in politics, volunteering for a variety of causes, and mentoring. Our future is bright because of leaders like Yara.  
A long overdue move by my colleagues in the House. It's just common sense to support strengthening universal background checks and I look forward to voting in favor of this bill in the Senate. We can't wait any longer to act. 
As soon as Robert Mueller’s investigation reaches its conclusion, Congress must receive all underlying investigative materials in either a classified or unclassified setting. Add your name if you agree.
As soon as Robert Mueller’s investigation reaches its conclusion, Congress must receive all underlying investigative materials in either a classified or unclassified setting. Add your name if you agree.
Unless we elect a President that will stand up to the gun lobby, nothing will change. As President, I will fight for universal background checks, closing the Charleston loophole, and an assault weapons ban.
As soon as Robert Mueller’s investigation reaches its conclusion, Congress must receive all underlying investigative materials in either a classified or unclassified setting. Add your name if you agree.
As soon as Robert Mueller’s investigation reaches its conclusion, Congress must receive all underlying investigative materials in either a classified or unclassified setting. Add your name if you agree.
As soon as Robert Mueller’s investigation reaches its conclusion, Congress must receive all underlying investigative materials in either a classified or unclassified setting. Add your name if you agree.
Just another example that the vast majority of illegal drugs trafficked into our country enter through legal ports of entry. Building a wall won’t stop it. 
No person should have to work more than one full-time job to put food on the table or pay the bills. Period.
Let’s make this a more perfect union by fighting for the ideals of our country. All of us. Together. 
I will vote for the resolution to block the President’s national emergency declaration. We don’t need a wall, we need to address actual emergencies facing our nation — everything from climate change, to gun violence, to lack of access to health care.
I support the Green New Deal because we need a sense of urgency and a bold agenda to address the climate crisis. 
As President, my first priority would be to lift up middle-class families. Almost half of Americans don’t have enough cash to cover a $400 emergency, like a broken car or an unexpected medical expense. That’s wrong. Passing the LIFT Act will alleviate that burden.
Poet Audre Lorde dedicated her life to speaking about the injustices that plague our nation: everything from racism, sexism, to homophobia. Her powerful words remind us that we need to speak out about these, even when others are silent.  
 PRESS RELEASE: Culinary Union celebrates 84 Years of fighting for working families in NV. Reports growth - now representin…
I support debt-free college because getting an education shouldn’t mean taking on a lifetime of debt. Let’s end this vicious cycle.
It’s outrageous that hundreds of immigrant families are still being separated at the border. My colleagues and I reintroduced the REUNITE Act, requiring immediate family reunification of children who can be safely reunified. This human rights violation must come to an end now.
The Trump Administration is threatening to veto legislation that would require background checks and close the Charleston loophole. As President, I will fight for and sign common-sense reforms to eliminate gun violence.
It’s been seven years since we unjustly lost Trayvon Martin. His tragic death was not just a moment in history — it sparked a movement and his legacy continues to live through our fight for justice. We must be better than this.
Detaining pregnant women who have fled their homes in search of safety is inhumane and unsafe.
Dr. Mae Jemison’s love for science began at a young age. She was only 16 when she started at Stanford University for chemical engineering. Dr. Jemison would go on to break barriers as the first Black woman in space, conducting experiments on weightlessness and motion sickness. 
I'm running for President to fight for justice, equality, and an economy that works for everyone. Will you join us?
I'm running for President to fight for justice, equality, and an economy that works for everyone. Will you join us?
I'm running for President to fight for justice, equality, and an economy that works for everyone. Will you join us?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
The day after I announced my candidacy, I shared an incredible letter I received from a young Iowan named Nora, saying I should run for president. I was so excited to see Nora and her “Future President” shirt this weekend in Iowa — and hope I get to follow her campaign one day! 
Denying climate change won’t make it go away — this crisis calls for real, global action. We need a president who will confront this issue head-on and base decisions on science fact, not science fiction.
Oakland teachers are continuing to strike this week for better wages and smaller class sizes. We must all stand in solidarity with them as they fight for what they deserve, what they’re worth, and what’s best for our schools.
Such a historic night. Congratulations to Mahershala Ali, and the many other women and people of color who claimed honors at the Oscars. Representation matters.
Big insurance companies and Big Pharma are already hiring lobbyists to try to stop us from passing Medicare for All. But I’ve got news for them: we won’t back down. Health care is a right, not a privilege, and we need a system that puts patients ahead of profits. 
Congratulations Hannah Beachler and Ruth E. Carter for making history! For the first time ever, *two* Black women won Oscars in non-acting categories — production design and costume design.
Me Too founder and activist has fought to ensure no survivor of sexual assault or harassment is silenced. Her life’s work is not just about awareness, but action — to show survivors they’re not alone, they’re seen, and they’re heard.  
Systemic inequities have led to mass incarceration and a broken criminal justice system. We need to address this. We should invest in prevention and implement sentencing reforms. That’s what I’ll do as president. Watch our discussion today on 
We all got to know father from the stories he shared along the campaign trail, and I was delighted to meet his family in person in Florida. Sending my prayers and condolences to Andrew and his family during this difficult time.
When the Mueller report is complete, it needs to be released to the public and Congress must receive all underlying investigative materials, be it a classified hearing or unclassified. Anything less is unacceptable.
We have failed to put resources into our public education system, instead pouring tons of money into a system of mass incarceration. That must end. It’s past time we invested more in the future of our country: our nation’s children.
Our campaign will not accept a dime from corporate PACs or lobbyists — and it’s a very deliberate choice. I’m fighting for the people, not big corporations. Join me in this fight: 
Our children should never have to live in fear that their school will be the next one struck by gun violence. This is not normal, and it is not ok. We can’t wait any longer for Congress to pass background checks and renew the assault weapons ban.
As Attorney General of California, I took on the five biggest Wall Street banks during the financial crisis. We won $20 billion for California homeowners and together we passed the strongest anti-foreclosure law in the United States of America.
Fighting for the people means listening to the people. I heard many questions regarding tax fairness, Medicare for All, protecting a woman’s right to choose, and much more at our first town hall in Iowa today. Together, we will strengthen our democracy to work for all of us. 
Bottom line: jeopardizing reproductive health care access for millions of women is a crisis. We need to stand firm in our values and speak out against this attack.
Our climate is changing rapidly and we are headed toward a catastrophe of our own making. This is a global emergency and we must act. 
What’s happening in Venezuela is a crisis. The people who have fled Maduro’s dictatorial regime deserve safety and protection. As President, I would immediately extend TPS status to Venezuelans. It’s the right thing to do. America must show moral leadership in this hemisphere.
The U.S. must immediately condemn Maduro’s violence against his own people. There is no excuse for this. The Venezuelan military and security forces must demonstrate restraint. Venezuelans deserve a free and fair election and a peaceful transition of power.
Katherine Johnson’s tremendous work with NASA will leave a mark on our history for decades to come. Congratulations on this well-deserved achievement. 
The fight for a $15 minimum wage is a fight for fairness, freedom, opportunity, and more. It’s a fight for an equal playing field — and a fight we can win.
As President, I will fight to ensure every child has access to a better education, every family is given a fair shot, and every community is safe from an epidemic of gun violence.
As President, I will fight for Medicare for All. No American should go bankrupt because they can’t pay a hospital bill. Health care shouldn’t be a privilege, it should be a right.
It is indefensible for the White House to walk away from negotiations with California over fuel efficiency standards. Everyone has the right to breathe clean air. It shouldn’t be up for debate: we must protect the environment for future generations.
NEVADA: I will host a town hall in Vegas on March 1 and can’t wait to listen and learn from you. Say you’ll be there→ 
Former First Lady has used her powerful voice to encourage children to lead healthier lives and inspire young people to pursue higher education. Her influential work has helped countless Americans fulfill their potential.  
Don’t miss this: the White House is trying to put a climate change denier in charge of a climate change research panel. It’s absurd — a danger to our planet and our future. 
Voting rights are under attack across the country. Let’s counteract that by strengthening access to the ballot box, expanding early voting, and making Election Day a national holiday.
This Administration continues to play politics with public health. No doctor should be silenced and barred from protecting their patient's health. We will fight back against this attack on women.
IOWA: I’m back on the road to Ankeny and Scott County this weekend. There’s still time to RSVP to attend our town halls. Can’t wait to see you: 
California is proving you can lead the fight against climate change, raise the minimum wage, and reduce the uninsured rate by 10% — all while having the world’s fifth-largest economy. No matter what the President says, what we’re doing works. 
Together, we’re fighting for a nation where reproductive rights are not just protected by the Constitution, but guaranteed in every state.
Want to take a moment to celebrate a Civil Rights icon on his day. we are stronger because of you. Happy Birthday!!!  
We need to create an economy that works for everyone, not just the few. It’s time for a national commitment to good-paying jobs, affordable childcare, and paid family leave.
Oakland-based organizer and Black Lives Matter co-founder Alicia Garza is a powerful voice against police injustice. She created Black Futures Lab to mobilize Black political power and is fighting for millions of domestic workers that live in the U.S.  
Like most of you, I've seen the reports about Jussie Smollett, and I'm sad, frustrated, and disappointed. 
Nearly half of American families do not have enough cash to afford a $400 unexpected expense. It’s time we put money back in their pockets — not big wealthy corporations and the top 1%
When people say they want to talk about women's issues, my response is always, “I’m so glad you want to talk about the economy!”With a historic number of Democratic women running for president, I hope all women know the sky’s the limit. 📹: 
Teachers invest their time and energy to educate the future of our country, and they deserve our support. Standing in solidarity with the thousands of Oakland teachers who are striking to demand better pay and classroom conditions.
Climate change is a *real* national emergency. We need a leader in the White House who isn't in the pocket of big oil. We need someone who will fight for clean air and water for all Americans.
I’ll join on the tonight at 11 p.m. ET. Be sure to tune in.
These students were inspired by empowering individuals that forged their own paths and made a difference in our world. Representation matters.
Raised in California, and father taught them to play tennis on courts not too far from the family’s home. The sisters would go on to win numerous Grand Slam titles and pave a path forward for other women in sports.  
The trauma these children experience will live on for decades to come. It’s absurd that it needs to be repeated: ripping babies away from their parents to put them in cages is inhumane. 
No parent should have to think about buying their child a bulletproof backpack to keep them safe at school. Let’s be the generation that finally addresses gun violence epidemic. 
The idea that the President of the United States would take Putin's word over that of our intelligence community is deeply disturbing. It’s insulting to the skilled, dedicated professionals who’ve devoted their lives to protecting our nation.
Like our broken cash bail system, excessive fines and confiscation of property lead to the criminalization of poverty. I'm glad the Supreme Court unanimously held that the Constitution's ban on excessive fines also applies to state and local governments.
My Brother’s Keeper helps foster mentorships for boys and young men of color and closes opportunity gaps so they can reach their full potential. Proud that this program celebrated its five year anniversary in Oakland with community leaders from across the country. 
Paper ballots are the smartest, safest way to conduct secure elections and protect from voter manipulation. Russia can’t hack a piece of paper. Our nation needs to be ready to protect our election systems against attacks by foreign powers. Now is the time to prepare.
There is an incredible amount of power in the people of our country. We cannot lose our conviction and hope about what we can be as a nation. Let’s hold on to that as we move forward.
IOWA: I’m hosting town halls in Ankeny and Scott County this upcoming weekend. Can’t wait to answer your questions and lay out my vision for our nation’s future. Spread the word and RSVP now → 
“This unbelievable person was robbed from us.”Josh Pinkard was one of the five lives cut short in last week’s shooting in Aurora, Illinois. This senseless gun violence has touched too many communities across the country. Enough is enough.
A mathematician, Katherine Johnson, was a pioneer of her time, expanding NASA’s use of computers to launch space exploration. She is an inspiration to each of us to boldly be unburdened by what has been ; excel to our fullest potential.   
The top 1% now has 40 times the average American family's wealth. We need to address the income inequality gap and restore economic opportunity to ease the strain on American families. 
California is once again leading the way as one of sixteen states suing the President over declaring a national emergency to build his wasteful border wall. It’s time for him to stop playing politics with taxpayer resources.
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
There is no question that Election Day should be a national holiday. 
Let’s speak truth: we’re a society that pretends to care about education, but not so much the education of other people’s children. Every single child deserves to go to a quality school. When we improve their lives and their education, our whole society benefits.
The federal minimum wage hasn’t moved from $7.25 an hour since July of 2009 and yet, the cost of living has gone up since then. I applaud the activists that fought to make a $15 minimum wage possible in New Jersey and Illinois. 
We should never bow down to those who have a lot of money because we are afraid that we may not win re-election when people are dying in our streets from gun violence.
Civil rights leader and poet Maya Angelou had an immeasurable impact on the way I view the world and my place in it. While she encountered many hardships throughout her life, her words inspired generations to fight for freedom, equality, and justice. 
We need to restore the promise of opportunity in America. Together, we can build an America where everyone has the chance at success. Pitch in today to help us make that a reality: 
We’ve seen every horrific tragedy from gun violence imaginable — from first-graders massacred in Sandy Hook to people murdered while attending Bible study. We need to close gun loopholes, pass universal background checks, and reinstate the assault weapons ban.
Humbled that so many people took the time on Presidents' Day to join me in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Thank you for sharing your stories, thoughts, and hopes for the future of our nation. I can't wait to be back. 
I had a great time talking with Granite Staters at this afternoon. Now I'm on to Portsmouth! To everyone braving the snow for our town hall later today: hang in there! I can't wait to see you. 
It’s long past time to address bail reform across the country. Too often, poor people sit in jail because they don’t have the money to pay bail, while someone with the same offense but money in their back pocket gets out. This is a serious injustice.
I stand in solidarity with those rallying across the country against the President’s manufactured national emergency. It’s time we address the actual emergencies plaguing our nation: gun violence, lack of access to health care, and climate change.
Teachers are the heroes that future generations depend on. I stand with Oakland teachers as they prepare to strike. 
This Presidents’ Day, let’s reflect on the leaders who moved America forward for all. As FDR once said, "The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little."
Funds intended for victims of natural disasters should not be used for the President’s vanity project, the wall. We will fight back against this ridiculous national emergency declaration. 
There should never be any obstacles or challenges in order for Americans to exercise their constitutional right to vote. We’ve seen time and again that elections matter. We need to commit with all we’ve got to protect voting rights for all.
Climate change is an imminent threat to our planet unless we correct course. It’s within our power to do so. Now is the time. 
Supporting small businesses — and Black woman-owned businesses — strengthens the backbone of our economy. It’s about investment and innovation in our communities. When they succeed, we all succeed. 
 ‘You say you love your children, but you are destroying our future.’Our sea levels are rising.Droughts are worsening.Wildfires…
Transgender rights activist Janet Mock is fighting for justice and dignity while paving the way for others to boldly embrace who they are. Her work has helped empower transgender women everywhere.  
After the Department of Justice told Deutsche Bank that they needed to help distressed homeowners after the financial crisis, the bank is now turning their back on the most vulnerable.
Congress could use a little more of the WEFE Warrior pledge — kindness, respect, and lifting up others. 
The President’s national emergency declaration is completely unnecessary and a waste of taxpayer resources. This is a crisis of his own making. 
Dolores Huerta is a trailblazer who inspires me every day. I am thankful for her support and excited to fight alongside her for the future of our country.
Keeping you both in my heart today and every day. 
Charleston, it was so wonderful to see you yesterday. I’ll be back to South Carolina a lot, but what a memorable day of reflection and conversation with you all! 
“I’m very enthusiastic about Kamala Harris. I’ll be endorsing her candidacy for president...I think the American people could not do better.” Proud to have the support of my friend Governor who has committed his life to fighting for equality ; opportunity for all. 
After one of the deadliest shootings in our country’s history, Nevada has officially passed a universal background check bill, thanks to to chip away at the epidemic of gun violence and mass shootings — proving we can turn pain into progress.
Thank you, South Carolina! 
Not everyone has equal access and opportunity to the road to success and we have got to correct that by focusing on everything from homeownership to a meaningful education. 
Don’t let the NRA fool you: an overwhelming 97% of Americans support universal background checks to confront gun violence. We owe it to every victim, survivor, their families, and our communities to be stronger and louder than the gun lobby.
Adding a citizenship question to the census is a blatant attempt to undermine the idea that everyone should be counted in America. It’s critical the Supreme Court sides with the people so the census isn’t used as a political weapon by this Administration. 
Our health care system is not fair or simple and it is causing people of all ages an extraordinary amount of pain. No one in this country should have to give up everything to survive — we need Medicare For All to bring dignity to millions.
Thanks for the warm welcome, Charleston. Great to meet so many folks from South Carolina for the very first time. Next stop, Columbia. 
What would the campaign trail be without amazing food? Stopped by in Charleston for lunch. Pulled pork, greens, and cornbread. Rodney, you gotta share these recipes! 
My heart is broken for the victims and their loved ones in Aurora. I'm grateful for the first responders who put their lives at risk to keep people safe. We've lost too many lives and seen too many communities shattered by gun violence. We can't let this keep happening.
Earlier today, I spoke out about the need for gun safety reform. Hours later, there was an active shooter in Aurora, Illinois. My heart goes out to the entire community. 
Charleston is a vibrant city that has welcomed me with open arms. Can't wait to see everyone at our town hall in a few minutes. 📷: 
I visited Mother Emanuel in Charleston earlier this morning to pay my respects to the nine victims of the 2015 shooting and leave some flowers in their memory. We’ve lost too many lives to gun violence — it's far past time to pass commonsense gun safety reforms. 
There are two things that shaped who I am today: my family and Howard University. HBCUs are critical to nurture and challenge students and I am thrilled that the Senate passed my bill to preserve and improve historic HBCUs. 
We should do something about the actual emergencies that plague our nation — like climate change or health care access — not playing politics in order to build a wasteful border wall.
At a time when this Administration is trying to open up our public lands to mining and drilling, the bipartisan conservation bill that passed the Senate was a major step forward. 
Millions of Americans are already living paycheck to paycheck. We shouldn’t punish people who went to school to further their education. That’s not right. 
Oakland’s restorative justice program, one of the primary alternatives to traditional school discipline, is in jeopardy. These programs are critical and we should be supporting more programs like these. 
Decorated gymnast was six years old when she was introduced to gymnastics and insisted her parents enroll her at the gym. Years later, that same persistence would lead her to become the first woman gymnast to win three consecutive World All-Around titles. 
“Valentine’s Day. The last time I saw you alive. A year has been a long time without you. So much has happened I want to tell you about.”A gut-wrenching letter from Lori Alhadeff, whose daughter Alyssa was killed in Parkland.  
Thankful to have the support of my friend and progressive leader, 
Donald Trump is apparently planning to declare a national emergency to bypass Congress and build his medieval vanity project -- the border wall. Will you add your name to our petition demanding he makes no such declaration and to say doing so is completely unacceptable?
Trump’s border wall would cost taxpayers billions of dollars. Using a national emergency to force through this medieval vanity project is unacceptable. Will you sign our petition if you agree?
The border wall is a waste of taxpayer money and a national emergency being called to force through this medieval vanity project is unacceptable. Sign our petition to demand the president ends this “national emergency” and uses taxpayer money to good use.
Donald Trump is apparently planning to declare a national emergency to bypass Congress and build his medieval vanity project -- the border wall. Will you add your name to our petition demanding he makes no such declaration and to say doing so is completely unacceptable?
Trump’s border wall would cost taxpayers billions of dollars. Using a national emergency to force through this medieval vanity project is unacceptable. Will you sign our petition if you agree?
The border wall is a waste of taxpayer money and a national emergency being called to force through this medieval vanity project is unacceptable. Sign our petition to demand the president ends this “national emergency” and uses taxpayer money to good use.
Donald Trump is apparently planning to declare a national emergency to bypass Congress and build his medieval vanity project -- the border wall. Will you add your name to our petition demanding he makes no such declaration and to say doing so is completely unacceptable?
Trump’s border wall would cost taxpayers billions of dollars. Using a national emergency to force through this medieval vanity project is unacceptable. Will you sign our petition if you agree?
The border wall is a waste of taxpayer money and a national emergency being called to force through this medieval vanity project is unacceptable. Sign our petition to demand the president ends this “national emergency” and uses taxpayer money to good use.
Donald Trump is apparently planning to declare a national emergency to bypass Congress and build his medieval vanity project -- the border wall. Will you add your name to our petition demanding he makes no such declaration and to say doing so is completely unacceptable?
Trump’s border wall would cost taxpayers billions of dollars. Using a national emergency to force through this medieval vanity project is unacceptable. Will you sign our petition if you agree?
The border wall is a waste of taxpayer money and a national emergency being called to force through this medieval vanity project is unacceptable. Sign our petition to demand the president ends this “national emergency” and uses taxpayer money to good use.
Donald Trump is apparently planning to declare a national emergency to bypass Congress and build his medieval vanity project -- the border wall. Will you add your name to our petition demanding he makes no such declaration and to say doing so is completely unacceptable?
Trump’s border wall would cost taxpayers billions of dollars. Using a national emergency to force through this medieval vanity project is unacceptable. Will you sign our petition if you agree?
The border wall is a waste of taxpayer money and a national emergency being called to force through this medieval vanity project is unacceptable. Sign our petition to demand the president ends this “national emergency” and uses taxpayer money to good use.
Donald Trump is apparently planning to declare a national emergency to bypass Congress and build his medieval vanity project -- the border wall. Will you add your name to our petition demanding he makes no such declaration and to say doing so is completely unacceptable?
Trump’s border wall would cost taxpayers billions of dollars. Using a national emergency to force through this medieval vanity project is unacceptable. Will you sign our petition if you agree?
The border wall is a waste of taxpayer money and a national emergency being called to force through this medieval vanity project is unacceptable. Sign our petition to demand the president ends this “national emergency” and uses taxpayer money to good use.
Declaring a national emergency over this President's vanity project is ridiculous. We don't need a wall. Instead, we should address the actual emergencies facing our country — everything from gun violence to the opioid crisis.
Hug those you love today. Happy Valentine's Day! 
Today marks one year since the horrific shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, yet Congress has failed to act on any meaningful legislation to prevent another mass shooting. This isn’t a question of left or right, it’s about protecting our children from gun violence. 
BREAKING: Our anti-lynching bill, which would make lynching a federal crime, just unanimously passed the Senate. Lynching is a dark, despicable part of our nation's history and I'm hopeful this measure will swiftly pass the House.
It’s outrageous that lynching still isn’t considered a federal crime. Congress tried and failed near 200 times between 1882 to 1986. About to ask the Senate to unanimously pass our anti-lynching bill. Let’s right this wrong.
No American should ever go bankrupt or be without health care in one of the wealthiest countries in the world. We need Medicare for All — and we need it now.
We’re not accepting a penny from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists, which means your donations really do make a difference. If you can afford it, chip in now:
After son Jordan was shot and killed, she turned her pain into action, becoming an advocate for common-sense gun safety reform and running for Congress — and winning. We need more ‘mothers on a mission’ like Lucy in Congress. Our children are worth fighting for. 
Schools. Places of worship. Movie theaters. Banks. No matter where you are, you deserve to feel safe from gun violence. Mass shootings that barely make headlines cannot become our new reality. We must pass universal background checks and ban assault weapons.
I’ll be back on the road later this week to South Carolina for town halls in Charleston and Columbia. I look forward to answering your questions and discussing our vision for the future. Be sure to RSVP so we know you’re attending → 
A record number of Americans behind on their car payments is just the latest sign that more and more people are struggling in our broken economy. We need to do right by them. 
No more political games: we must permanently reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act to ensure survivors of sexual assault and domestic violence have access to the care they need.
From focusing on the LIFT Act, a real tax cut for the middle-class, to Medicare for All, we’re fighting on behalf of all Americans who’ve been left behind or deeply hurt by this Administration’s atrocious policies.
Black women in America are dying at a rate 3-4x higher than white women from pregnancy-related complications. It's tragic. When you look at it, this isn’t an issue about education. It isn’t about socioeconomics. It’s literally racial bias in our health care system. 
No mother or father should ever have to sit down with their son and tell him that he may be stopped, arrested, or killed because of the color of his skin. This shouldn’t have to be a reality for parents in America.
Madam C.J. Walker became a self-made millionaire and an advocate for women’s economic independence in the early 20th century. Her tremendous tenacity to succeed on her own is a phenomenal story of adversity and empowerment.  
Time after time, gun safety bills have failed in the NRA-controlled Congress. Enough. We need to pass reasonable reforms to ensure our communities and our schools are safe. Proud to co-sponsor this bill. 
Our campaign is about lifting folks up, empowering them to organize, and creating a vision of America in which everyone can see themselves. Join us today at 
For many families, $500 can make all the difference in being able to get through the month. I'm focused on passing the LIFT Act to ensure middle-class families can do more than just get by. 
I unequivocally stand with the teachers striking in Denver and hope for a quick resolution.
Our American values are under attack. Babies have been ripped from their parents at the border. A tax bill passed that benefits corporations and the top 1%, while millions of middle-class families struggle to pay the bills. We’re better than this.
We’ve seen a horrific number of school shootings — from Sandy Hook to Parkland —  and the devastating impact losing classmates can have on students. For the sake of our children, we need reasonable gun safety reforms. Now.
William Barr has shown that he won’t put the American people first. We need an Attorney General who will defend independent investigations from political attacks, embrace a smart on crime approach to public safety, and ensure equal justice. I will vote NO on his nomination.
After being rejected from American aviation schools because of her race and gender, Bessie Coleman taught herself French and went to Europe to receive her international pilot’s license. She paved the way for a flying school in her name after her untimely death.  
Let me be clear: it’s time we legalized marijuana at the federal level. Marijuana laws are not applied or enforced in the same way for all Americans, many whose lives have been ruined by these regressive policies. We must change the system.
We must ensure that sexual assault survivors get the care and services they need to begin to heal. Last week, I joined my colleagues to reintroduce the bipartisan Survivors’ Access to Supportive Care Act, which would improve and expand their access to medical care.
We can’t allow climate change to shape our environment, define our existence, and destroy our planet. Big oil and major corporations can no longer hold our fate in their hands. It’s on us to reclaim our future. 
This Black History Month, I’m taking a moment to reflect on all the phenomenal American heroes who have built America from its foundation and still work every day to make this country stronger, better, and more free. Heroes like Mrs. Shelton.
Medicare for All will ensure that every American has access to health care from the day they are born. No one should ever have to go bankrupt, or even die, simply because they can’t afford to pay their costly medical care.
The average tax refund is down about $170 compared to last year. Let’s call the President’s tax cut what it is: a middle-class tax hike to line the pockets of already wealthy corporations and the 1%.
Thank you, for not playing politics with members of our National Guard. This move by the President is just political grandstanding and we cannot play into this stunt.
Always a great time joining the with and chatting about bail reform, legalizing marijuana, and what we can do to ensure everyone has a fair shot at the American Dream. All that was missing was 
My mother was a pioneering breast cancer researcher and I learned from her just how important it is to lift up and empower women and girls in science, who are often underrepresented there and in other STEM fields. 
Known as the “High Priestess of Soul,” Nina Simone’s iconic voice, life, and career called out racism, inequality, and the need for social justice.  
Excited to be back in the studio with We talked politics, my time at criminal justice reform, and more! Tune in tomorrow at 7 a.m. ET:  
“Since Tel’s death, my only goal is to get people to stop and think — and commit to doing something to end this horrific epidemic of gun violence...It’s too late for my son but hopefully not too late for yours.”
When the Camp Fire destroyed a ballet studio in Paradise, the entire community and people around the world rallied together so the production of “The Nutcracker” could go on. 
This Administration continues to attack and roll back protections for our nation’s beloved public lands. The ANTIQUITIES Act would make it clear to this Administration: Congress alone has the power to modify national monument designations. We must protect our sacred lands.
There’s nothing stronger than grassroots support and the powerful wave of enthusiasm has been phenomenal so far. If you haven’t already, it isn’t too late to join our campaign. We’re building a movement to create change.
At age 11, young entrepreneur Jonah has captured hearts on social media for his crocheting and philanthropic efforts. He regularly donates some of his goods and money to the Ethiopian orphanage he was adopted from. 
World-renowned climate scientists have warned us. We either act now to radically combat climate change or we will face major global climate catastrophes. We can no longer make excuses — we need to fight to preserve our future.
Bree Newsome’s fight for social justice began long before she scaled the flagpole outside the S.C. Capitol building to take down the Confederate flag — which was later permanently removed. Since then, she continues to be on the frontlines of the battle against inequality.  
Any attempt to chip away at reproductive health care by Republicans is detrimental to women’s bodies, lives, and futures. We must stand together against any attempts to turn back the clock.
We're fighting for an America where you only need one job to pay the bills, live with dignity, and support your family. American workers are the backbone of our country — let's fight for an economy that works for them. 
Farmworkers are typically paid a salary at or below the federal poverty line, and they often work more than 12 hours a day in the hot sun. Congress must pass the Fairness for Farm Workers Act to strengthen critical overtime and other protections. It’s about basic fairness.
The pain and consequences of these family separations will be felt for years, even lifetimes. We can’t stop speaking out about this human rights abuse. 
The allegations by Dr. Vanessa Tyson and Meredith Watson are corroborated, painful stories of sexual assault and rape. It’s clear Virginia Lieutenant Governor Justin Fairfax should resign his office.
Unaccompanied immigrant children need our help getting back into safe, nurturing homes. They don’t belong in detention facilities. Yesterday, my colleagues ; I reintroduced the Families Not Facilities Act, which would prohibit ICE from using caretakers’ info if they came forward.
This Administration is protecting payday lenders over vulnerable Americans. That’s wrong. Consumers deserve a government that fights to protect them.
The history of the civil rights movement is marked by the heroism of everyday people whose peaceful courage was too often met with violence. These three teenagers, along with the 28 others who were injured, remind us that justice is always worth fighting for.
Today we remember Henry Smith, Samuel Hammond, and Delano Middleton who died on the campus of South Carolina State University in the fight to desegregate the South. 
The Green New Deal is a bold plan to shift our country to 100% clean and renewable energy. We do not fight this fight for our generation alone  but for generations to come.
Good morning! I’m going to be on-air with Tom Joyner of the next → 
I’m talking to Tom Joyner of the tomorrow morning at 7:15 a.m. ET about our campaign and what we can do to build a brighter future for everyone. Listen here: 
What a life. As the longest-serving member of Congress, John Dingell helped increase access to health care, defended the auto industry, and was always good for just the right tweet. Sending and the rest of her family all my love.
This Administration is making it easier for U.S. weapons manufacturers to let dangerous weapons fall in the wrong hands overseas. In 2020, we need to elect a president that isn’t in the pocket of the NRA.
 won an Emmy for writing while starring in Master of None, but it might be more accurate to call her a Master of Everything. She’s an incredible mentor ; role model for young Black girls, both on screen and off. Thanks to her, they know they can achieve anything.  
2018 was the fourth warmest year in nearly 140 years of record-keeping. “We’re no longer talking about a situation where global warming is something in the future. It’s here. It’s now.”Our nation’s leaders are in a state of denial. We need to act.
It’s reasonable to suggest that before someone can buy a gun, we determine whether they’ve been convicted of a violent felony or whether a court has found them to be a danger to themselves or others. We need universal background checks.
You know what's a threat? Gun violence. It kills on average 96 people every day. I will never be afraid to stand up to the gun lobby and their efforts to make our communities less safe.
Teachers educate the next generation of leaders. We can’t let them go unheard or unseen. For their sakes and the sake of Oakland students, an agreement in their favor is needed.
Together, we’re fighting for a country where the economy works for working people. Where health care and education are fundamental rights. Where we honor our service members and veterans. Where no parent has to send their child to school with a bulletproof backpack.
Add your name right now to support the  resolution to combat climate change and jump-start our economy.
Add your name right now to support the  resolution to combat climate change and jump-start our economy.
Add your name right now to support the  resolution to combat climate change and jump-start our economy.
I’m proud to co-sponsor and Green New Deal. We must aggressively tackle climate change which poses an existential threat to our nation.
Aretha Franklin was a legend and it’s past time her artistic and cultural contributions were honored. I introduced legislation with my colleagues to award the Queen of Soul with a Congressional Gold Medal.
We’re one of the wealthiest countries on the planet. It’s shameful that we can’t guarantee access to clean water for everyone. Four years since the nation's attention turned to Flint, that community and others from Appalachia to the Pacific Coast still face a water crisis.
We’ve got to take control of democracy and repair our elections to be fair and honest. 
The strength of our union has never been found in the walls we build. It’s in our diversity and our unity — and that is our power.
Challenging segregation and racism, Jackie Robinson paved the way for Black athletes for generations to come.  
Before the State of the Union yesterday, I laid out a vision for what our country could be and how I believe we can make that a reality. 
 John Dingell has inspired so many throughout the years through his devotion to public service. Sending you both my love.
 perfectly summed it up last night: voters should be able to pick their leaders, politicians shouldn’t be able to pick their voters. Glad that she and so many others are fighting to end voter suppression. 
Kamala’s digital team signing off here. The very future of our country is on the line, and our democracy isn’t going to save itself. It’s up to us to get to work to build a more fair, truthful, and equitable America. Join us at 
 "The foundation of our moral leadership around the globe is free and fair elections, where voters pick their leaders, not where politicians pick their voters."
"The shutdown was a stunt, engineered by the President of the United States, one that defied every tenant of fairness and abandoned not just our people, but our values." 
 "Our power and strength as Americans lives in our hard work and our belief in more. My family understood firsthand that while success is not guaranteed, we live in a nation where opportunity is possible. But we do not succeed alone."
Looking forward to listening to share her vision for how we can actually unite Americans and give everyone the opportunity to succeed. Tune in now.
Racism, homophobia, sexism, and anti-Semitism are real in this country. We have to deal with that. 
Politicians 👏 should 👏 not 👏 tell 👏 women 👏 what 👏 to 👏 do 👏 with 👏 their 👏 bodies. 
The costs of prescription drugs are too high in our country and they just keep rising. We need to act to reduce prescription drug costs so no family will ever have to choose between paying for life-saving medication or putting food on the table. 
Instead of using $5 billion toward a useless border wall or giving America’s top 1% more tax breaks, imagine how much of our country’s crumbling infrastructure we could rebuild. 
Women now make up 23% of the House — but there’s still a long way to go until our government fully reflects the population in America. 
The Senate continues to reject request after request for Trump’s border wall. This vanity project would be a misuse of taxpayer money and the President needs to give it up. 
Here are the facts: the vast majority of illegal drugs that are trafficked into our country enter through legal ports of entry. A wall won’t address drug trafficking issues. 
Just a reminder that this State of the Union Address was originally pushed back because Trump shut down the government for 35 days — the longest shutdown in U.S. history. And in fewer than 10 days, there’s a chance he will shut it down again over his vanity project. 
Americans are now more likely to die from an opioid overdose than in a car crash. We must invest more resources to help those suffering from addiction. 
Let’s be clear: Trump’s tax cuts to massive corporations showered profits onto their shareholders, leaving most middle-class Americans behind. 
Building an economy that works for everyone won’t be easy, but it is possible — and necessary. Let’s start with the basics: a living minimum wage and affordable health care for all. 
Nearly half of Americans don't have enough cash to cover an unexpected $400 expense. For far too long, the rules have favored the top 1% instead of working families. We have to correct course and pass the LIFT Act. 
Kamala’s digital team here. We’re going to take over her account to tweet while she attends the State of the Union. Stay tuned.
Russia was able to influence our election because they figured out that racism, sexism, anti-Semitism, homophobia, and transphobia are America’s Achilles heel. These issues aren’t only civil rights — they’re also a matter of national security. We have to deal with that.
“I definitely wanted to bring my daughter and my niece just to show them that the sky is the limit.” This is more than a campaign. It’s an opportunity for all people who aspire to leadership and public service to see their potential to create change. 
Charles Johnson has a message to lawmakers after his wife Kira died from childbirth: listen to Black women when they say something doesn’t feel right. My Maternal CARE bill aims to ensure women are listened to in our health care system.
As the daughter of United Methodist ministers, grew up believing in being of service to others. Tonight, she will give a historic State of the Union response, sharing her vision for a brighter America that lifts up the voices of all people.  
Tonight I’ll be bringing Trisha Pesiri-Dybvik as my guest to the State of the Union. Learn more about why Americans deserve to hear her voice. 
The President’s version of America is not one I recognize. Our America is not one of intolerance or where the top 1% benefit at the expense of everyone else. Our story must be one of hope and justice, respect and dignity. That’s what we’re fighting for. Will you join us?
I’ve spent my life defending our American values. From fighting to fix our broken criminal justice system to taking on the Wall Street banks for middle class homeowners. Will you join our campaign to take back the White House?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
The President’s version of America is not one I recognize. Our America is not one of intolerance or where the top 1% benefit at the expense of everyone else. Our story must be one of hope and justice, respect and dignity. That’s what we’re fighting for. Will you join us?
I’ve spent my life defending our American values. From fighting to fix our broken criminal justice system to taking on the Wall Street banks for middle class homeowners. Will you join our campaign to take back the White House?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
The President’s version of America is not one I recognize. Our America is not one of intolerance or where the top 1% benefit at the expense of everyone else. Our story must be one of hope and justice, respect and dignity. That’s what we’re fighting for. Will you join us?
I’ve spent my life defending our American values. From fighting to fix our broken criminal justice system to taking on the Wall Street banks for middle class homeowners. Will you join our campaign to take back the White House?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
The President’s version of America is not one I recognize. Our America is not one of intolerance or where the top 1% benefit at the expense of everyone else. Our story must be one of hope and justice, respect and dignity. That’s what we’re fighting for. Will you join us?
I’ve spent my life defending our American values. From fighting to fix our broken criminal justice system to taking on the Wall Street banks for middle class homeowners. Will you join our campaign to take back the White House?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
The President’s version of America is not one I recognize. Our America is not one of intolerance or where the top 1% benefit at the expense of everyone else. Our story must be one of hope and justice, respect and dignity. That’s what we’re fighting for. Will you join us?
I’ve spent my life defending our American values. From fighting to fix our broken criminal justice system to taking on the Wall Street banks for middle class homeowners. Will you join our campaign to take back the White House?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
The President’s version of America is not one I recognize. Our America is not one of intolerance or where the top 1% benefit at the expense of everyone else. Our story must be one of hope and justice, respect and dignity. That’s what we’re fighting for. Will you join us?
I’ve spent my life defending our American values. From fighting to fix our broken criminal justice system to taking on the Wall Street banks for middle class homeowners. Will you join our campaign to take back the White House?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
The President’s version of America is not one I recognize. Our America is not one of intolerance or where the top 1% benefit at the expense of everyone else. Our story must be one of hope and justice, respect and dignity. That’s what we’re fighting for. Will you join us?
I’ve spent my life defending our American values. From fighting to fix our broken criminal justice system to taking on the Wall Street banks for middle class homeowners. Will you join our campaign to take back the White House?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
The President’s version of America is not one I recognize. Our America is not one of intolerance or where the top 1% benefit at the expense of everyone else. Our story must be one of hope and justice, respect and dignity. That’s what we’re fighting for. Will you join us?
I’ve spent my life defending our American values. From fighting to fix our broken criminal justice system to taking on the Wall Street banks for middle class homeowners. Will you join our campaign to take back the White House?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
The President’s version of America is not one I recognize. Our America is not one of intolerance or where the top 1% benefit at the expense of everyone else. Our story must be one of hope and justice, respect and dignity. That’s what we’re fighting for. Will you join us?
I’ve spent my life defending our American values. From fighting to fix our broken criminal justice system to taking on the Wall Street banks for middle class homeowners. Will you join our campaign to take back the White House?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
The President’s version of America is not one I recognize. Our America is not one of intolerance or where the top 1% benefit at the expense of everyone else. Our story must be one of hope and justice, respect and dignity. That’s what we’re fighting for. Will you join us?
The President’s version of America is not one I recognize. Our America is not one of intolerance or where the top 1% benefit at the expense of everyone else. Our story must be one of hope and justice, respect and dignity. That’s what we’re fighting for. Will you join us?
I’ve spent my life defending our American values. From fighting to fix our broken criminal justice system to taking on the Wall Street banks for middle class homeowners. Will you join our campaign to take back the White House?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
The President’s version of America is not one I recognize. Our America is not one of intolerance or where the top 1% benefit at the expense of everyone else. Our story must be one of hope and justice, respect and dignity. That’s what we’re fighting for. Will you join us?
I’ve spent my life defending our American values. From fighting to fix our broken criminal justice system to taking on the Wall Street banks for middle class homeowners. Will you join our campaign to take back the White House?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
The President’s version of America is not one I recognize. Our America is not one of intolerance or where the top 1% benefit at the expense of everyone else. Our story must be one of hope and justice, respect and dignity. That’s what we’re fighting for. Will you join us?
I’ve spent my life defending our American values. From fighting to fix our broken criminal justice system to taking on the Wall Street banks for middle class homeowners. Will you join our campaign to take back the White House?
It’s time for new leadership in our country and I need you on my team. Will you add your name to join our campaign email list?
Thousands of low-wage federal contractors shouldn't have to feel the harsh burden created by this president's shutdown. I support fair compensation for them and am calling on the GOP to do the same. 
Happy Lunar New Year! Sending my best wishes for a happy, healthy, and prosperous Year of the Pig to all those celebrating in California and across the country.
We can’t lose sight of some of the critical issues that matter, from reproductive rights to climate change.
For decades, we have had policies in this country that disproportionately benefit the top one percent to the exclusion of others. It’s time for that to change. I introduced the Rent Relief Act and the LIFT Act to help Americans make ends meet.
We don’t need to be looking around, waiting for good ideas when it comes to combating gun violence. We already have good ideas. Making background checks universal. Renewing the assault weapons ban. We can act now to make sure this violence doesn’t continue as the new normal.
Mrs. Shelton lived by the belief that you always lend a hand to those in need. I was blessed to be lifted up and empowered by her. 
It’s abysmal that the rate of maternal mortality in the United States is now worse than it was 25 years ago. The Maternal CARE Act would address the implicit biases that exist in our system.
California’s own Attorney General is a tireless voice for justice and has stood up for our values every single day since this president took office. His Spanish-language State of the Union response tomorrow will be a strong message for progress and our future. 
During this campaign, I am not going to take a dime from corporate PACs. I am not going to spend a minute of this campaign asking federal lobbyists for donations. We’re a campaign funded by people just like you.
Power and heat have finally been restored at the federal detention center in Brooklyn. Thankful for those who spoke out and protested this injustice. Now, we must ensure something like this never happens again anywhere in this country.
Americans deserve to know the truth about Russia’s interference in the 2016 election. And in light of this revelation, taking action to protect the Mueller investigation couldn’t be more pressing. 
Together we’re fighting for a country with equality, collective purpose, and freedom for all. Learn more:  
This Rosa Parks Day, let’s honor her memory by staying active in our communities and fighting against injustice when we see it.  
Praying for the injured and the families of those killed in the plane crash in Orange County. Thankful for the quick actions of first responders.
 fights tirelessly for young people, families, and immigrant communities. Her leadership and bold vision is exactly what we need in Congress.  
We are one year away from the Iowa caucuses. We’ve got a long journey ahead of us and I’m ready to reclaim and rebuild our democracy. Let’s do it together. 
The Fifteenth Amendment, granting Black men the right to vote, was ratified on this day in 1870. Yet, as we saw in Georgia this past election, voter suppression is real and it disproportionately affects Black men and communities of color. We must end barriers to the ballot box.
Have you ordered your For The People shirt yet? Good news: We’ve added a new item to our store:  
The fighting spirit of the Charleston student activists is exactly the kind of leadership we need to reclaim our future.
Prominent writer, fellow alumna, and co-founder of Howard’s The Hilltop, Zora Neale Hurston dedicated her life to spotlighting the Black experience through her writing. Her work continues to be a powerful influence decades after her death.  
During Chicago’s historic cold freeze, Candice Payne’s act of kindness spurred others to take action and save lives. 
Absolutely haunting. Incarcerated individuals at a federal detention center in Brooklyn are pounding on their windows trying to get people's attention while they're suffering in the cold. We need answers.
Honored to join the other 48 incredible Black women on this list.
We are fighting for something, not against something. This is a fight born out of optimism and love of country. We know our country can be better than this. Let’s work toward that future. 
This is inexcusable. Keeping incarcerated individuals locked up in freezing temperatures without heat and power is inhumane. Prison officials in charge need to be held accountable. 
Trisha Pesiri-Dybvik was one of the more than 800,000 federal workers whose paychecks were withheld during the shutdown — and it happened while her family was still recovering from losing their home in the Thomas Fire. I’m honored she will join me at the State of the Union. 
59 years ago at a Greensboro Woolworth’s, their courage, strength, and refusal to accept injustice brought our a nation a step closer to who we can and should be. 
Our youth have always been the driving force of movements for change. Today we honor and recognize 4 NC A;T Aggies — students who held the first sit-in of the civil rights movement.
Leaders are called to a higher standard, and the stain of racism should have no place in the halls of government. The Governor of Virginia should step aside so the public can heal and move forward together.
For years, the United States Census has ensured that everyone without exception is counted. We can’t let this Administration get away with intimidating immigrant communities and undermining congressional representation. Congress must pass the Every Person Counts Act.
Leaders should speak with integrity and compassion not hate and fear. Thank you, for speaking out and being a powerful voice. 
We have the power of the people. We can heal our nation and give our children the future they deserve. 
Text JOIN to 70785 and get campaign updates from me and my team straight to your mobile device.
 FEMA extends application deadline for California wildfire victims to Feb. 15 
Like so many others, I stand on the shoulders of giants like Shirley Chisholm. Unbought and unbossed, she had the guts to speak truth — no matter how uncomfortable. She was an American icon.  
Help us end January strong and show the world what our grassroots team is capable of. Chip in now:
We’re doing this for our children’s future. 
We’ve seen bankers who crashed our economy get bonuses, while workers who brought our country back can’t even get a raise. That’s not right. It’s time we built an economy that gives dignity to hard-working Americans.
Almost four years ago, Charleston found itself at the center of a national tragedy when nine people were killed at Emanuel AME Church. Today, I stand with local student activists organizing for commonsense reform. It's time to do the right thing.
Fighting on behalf of sexual assault survivors means fighting against silence and stigma. Instead of helping break that silence, these proposed changes to Title IX would further place the blame on survivors. 
Passing the Equality Act won’t only end discrimination against sexual orientation and gender identity, it’s a pivotal part in ending homophobia and transphobia and moving our culture forward to be more inclusive and respectful.
This won’t be easy — but nothing worth fighting for ever is. We face tough days and hard work ahead. But this is our America — and it’s up to each and every one of us to fight for our future. Join us at 
The LIFT Act will help lift nine million Americans out of poverty. 
Adding a citizenship question to the census is nothing more than a blatant attempt to scare immigrant communities. We cannot stand for it. That’s why I reintroduced the Every Person Counts Act with my colleagues to ensure the integrity of the census is protected.
Lynching is a dark and despicable part of our nation’s history, yet it is still not a federal hate crime. Passing a federal anti-lynching law must be a priority for this new Congress.
There are too many parents that are grieving the loss of their children from gun violence, too many communities torn apart, mourning lives that should never have been taken. It’s time Congress acted by passing reasonable gun safety reforms, like universal background checks.
Big pharmaceutical companies have unleashed an opioid crisis from the California coast to the mountains of West Virginia. Once and for all, we must call drug addiction what it is: a national public health emergency.
We made a promise of the American Dream to undocumented youth, and that dream has been deferred for far too long. 
Happy birthday to my brilliant sister Grateful to have you by my side on this journey. 
If I’m elected president, one of the first things I will do is pass the LIFT Act to give middle-class workers the relief they deserve. It’s time we do something so the economy works for everyone, not just the ultra-wealthy and top 1%. Read more→
You shouldn't have to choose between going to work and playing a critical role in our democracy. Every voter deserves the ability to make their voice heard at the ballot box.
Access to health care shouldn’t be a privilege, it should be a right. When my mother passed away, she had the benefit of having Medicare, but not everybody does. Too many people are dying because they can’t afford medical care. That’s inhumane and why I support Medicare for All.
We have a long road ahead of us, and our campaign will only succeed if we build a broad coalition of grassroots support from people across the country. If you can afford to, please pitch in now. There’s too much on the line right now to sit this out. 
Funding for survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault should have never been on the line like this. The Violence Against Women Act deserves a permanent reauthorization.
We can be the generation that ends gun violence. Every parent deserves to be able to send their children to school without being haunted by the potential horror of another killing spree.
I was inspired by the potential of America as people flooded the streets outside the White House two years ago, protesting this Administration’s discriminatory Muslim ban. When we come together to defend what's morally right and good, we can change our world. 
On the tenth anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, we still have work that needs to be done to ensure equality in the workplace, especially for women of color. When we lift up the women of our country, our whole society benefits.
Not surprising, a recent survey of businesses found that 84% said the GOP tax scam has had no impact on their hiring or investment plans. It’s time we gave middle-class families a real tax cut — up to $500/mo to help families make ends meet.
Congratulations to my friend There’s no better person to showcase our country's strengths and speak the truth after the State of the Union. 
  powerful response on gun violence sets the bar high. I challenge every presidential candidate to make g…
 is one of the kindest, most gentle human beings I know. I’m praying for his quick recovery. This was an attempted modern day lynching. No one should have to fear for their life because of their sexuality or color of their skin. We must confront this hate.
Every single day that educators go to work in underfunded schools and without decent pay is another day we are shortchanging our children and our nation's future. I stand with them as they fight for better pay and a stronger education system. 
The shutdown may be over but that doesn’t mean things are back to normal for federal workers and government contractors. Families are still struggling for basic needs because of this President’s vanity wall project. 
Enough is enough. We cannot wait for the next tragedy to act on gun violence. 
Stopped by to say hi to some Drake students and community members who watched the town hall tonight. 
I feel strongly about this — we need to have Medicare for All. 
Right now, in 99% of the counties in America, if you are a minimum-wage worker working full time you cannot afford market rate for a one-bedroom apartment. That is unconscionable.

I support a Green New Deal. Climate change is an existential threat to all of us, and we have got to deal with the reality of it.
To the Dreamers and their parents: I stand with you. We should not be trading on your life.
I am a daughter of parents who met when they were active in the civil rights movement. Nobody had to teach me about the disparities in the criminal justice system. I was born knowing what they are.
Enough with these powerful forces trying to sow hate and division among us. That is not reflective of who we are as Americans. We need leadership that recognizes we have more in common than what separates us.
Moments to go before the Town Hall. Excited to talk with Iowa Democrats about the issues that matter. Tune in at 10 p.m. ET. 
I'm running for President, and I can't do it without you. Will you add your name to join our campaign's email list?
I'm running for President in 2020. Will you join our fight to take back the White House?
I'm running for President, and I can't do it without you. Will you add your name to join our campaign's email list?
I'm running for President in 2020. Will you join our fight to take back the White House?
I'm running for President, and I can't do it without you. Will you add your name to join our campaign's email list?
I'm running for President in 2020. Will you join our fight to take back the White House?
Let’s speak an uncomfortable but honest truth with one another: racism, sexism, anti-Semitism, homophobia, and transphobia are real in this country. They are age-old forms of hate with new fuel. And we need to speak that truth so we can deal with it.
I'm running for President, and I can't do it without you. Will you add your name to join our campaign's email list?
I'm running for President in 2020. Will you join our fight to take back the White House?
I'm running for President, and I can't do it without you. Will you add your name to join our campaign's email list?
I'm running for President in 2020. Will you join our fight to take back the White House?
I'm running for President, and I can't do it without you. Will you add your name to join our campaign's email list?
I'm running for President in 2020. Will you join our fight to take back the White House?
Two years ago this week, the President enacted the first of many Muslim bans, instantly sparking fury across the country. We saw people speak out against anti-Muslim rhetoric ; lend a helping hand like these lawyers did, camping out at airports to help those wrongfully detained. 
My mother used to say “don’t sit around and complain about things, do something.” If you believe like me that we can build a better future for our children and grandchildren, go to  and join us.
To the tens of thousands who joined us in Oakland or watched at home: my heart is full and I’m ready to get to fight with each of you for our future.
I’m running to be president of the people, by the people, and for all people. I’m running to fight for an America where you only have to work one job to pay the bills and where health care and education are fundamental rights. 
We will fight for an America where our daughters, sisters, mothers, and grandmothers are respected where they live and where they work. Where reproductive rights are not just protected by the Constitution but guaranteed in every state.
Let’s speak truth: we have foreign powers infecting the White House like malware. 
People in power are trying to convince us that the villain in our American story is each other. But that is not our story. That is not who we are. That is not our America. 
These are not ordinary times or an ordinary election. But this is our America. It’s up to every one of us to heal this nation. We can give our children the future they deserve. We can restore America’s moral leadership on this planet. Let’s do it together. 
The doubters will say what they always say: It’s not your time. The odds are long. It can’t be done. But our story has never been written by the doubters or the naysayers. Robert Kennedy said it best. “Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.”
I’m running to fight for Medicare for All, universal pre-K, debt-free college ; more. To guarantee middle-class families a pay increase of up to $500/mo with the largest working-class tax cut in decades — paid for by reversing this Admin’s gifts to big corporations ; the top 1%.
Let’s speak the truth that too many unarmed black men and women are killed. And too many Black and brown Americans are locked up. From mass incarceration to cash bail to policing, our criminal justice system needs drastic repair.
Climate change is real and it’s happening now. From wildfires in the west to hurricanes in the east to floods and droughts in America’s heartland, we must speak this truth based on science fact, not science fiction.
Our economy isn’t working for working people. The cost of living is going up, but paychecks aren’t keeping up. People are drowning in debt. For the first time, we have a whole generation of Americans living with the sinking belief that they may not do as well as their parents.
When American families are living paycheck to paycheck, what is this Administration’s response? They tried to take away health insurance from millions, gave away a trillion $ to the biggest corporations in America ; tried to blame immigrants as the source of our economic woes.
We have leaders who lie, bully, attack a free press, and undermine our democratic institutions. We’ve had children in cages crying for their mothers and fathers. We have leaders who attack public schools and vilify public school teachers. That’s not our America.
The American Dream and our American democracy are under attack and on the line like never before. We must answer a fundamental question: who are we as Americans? So, let’s answer that question. To the world. To each other. Right here. Right now.America, we are better than this.
The last couple of years, ‘For The People’ has meant fighting to hold this Administration accountable, and in that battle, I’ve seen the spirit of the American people. We’ve won and we’ve lost — but we’ve never stopped fighting.
‘For The People’ meant fighting for middle-class families who had been defrauded by banks and lost their homes in the Great Recession. We went after the five biggest banks in the U.S. and won $20B for CA homeowners and passed the strongest anti-foreclosure laws in the country.
Nearly 30 years ago, as a young district attorney, I walked into the courtroom for the first time and said the five words that would guide my life’s work: “Kamala Harris, for The People.”
Tune in as we kick off our campaign in Oakland, California 
 Here we go!! 🤗 
People are lined up and ready to go for our launch rally in Oakland! 
Later today I’ll take the stage in my hometown of Oakland to formally kick off our campaign for president. 
 My mother was the greatest source of inspiration in my life. She taught me that I had a responsibility to fight for justi…
This is the unfortunate state of our union. We have failed too many in this country but it doesn’t have to be this way. Plain and simple: we need Medicare for All. Everyone deserves health care, from birth on up. 
Sunday is Holocaust Remembrance Day, a day for us to remember the six million Jews that were murdered, and commit to eliminating bigotry, hate, and anti-Semitism across the globe.
There’s so much on the line right now — everything from a woman’s right to make decisions about her own body to our children’s safety from gun violence in schools. 
Women in our health care system, particularly women of color, must be listened to and taken seriously. Passing the Maternal CARE Act would reduce inequalities in our health care system.
This move would cost California billions in federal funds and hinder a full and accurate count of the U.S. population. We can’t let this Administration weaponize the census. 
My mother was the greatest source of inspiration in my life. She taught me that I had a responsibility to fight for justice. 
 It’s the first major television event of the 2020 election! A Democratic Presidential Town Hall with candidate Kamala Harris, mode…
Tomorrow’s the day! Join me in my hometown of Oakland as we kick off our campaign to build an America where leaders fight for all people, not just big corporations or their self-interests. 
The government is finally open again after the longest shutdown in our nation’s history but that doesn’t mean this is over. For thousands of people, the repercussions could last months or even years. We can’t put them through this again in three weeks.
The 37th Annual Pink Ice Gala last night was filled with laughter, love, and so many hugs from my sorors. 
A mother and father should not have to sit their teenage son down and tell him he may be stopped, arrested, and potentially shot because of the color of his skin. 
We can no longer afford to wait to protect the Mueller investigation. It is imperative that Congress act so we can let him complete his job without any interference.
 When I was bleeding to death in my Black Hawk helicopter on that dusty field in Iraq, I didn't care if the American troop…
It’s staggering to think about how much federal workers and contractors gave up during this shutdown. For many, what was lost is irreparable. Housing, health care, economic security — the list goes on. We owe it to them to keep the government open.
Join our movement to fight for truth, justice, decency, equality, democracy, and freedom. Contribute to our campaign and join the team: 
Roger Stone is out on $250,000 bail just hours after his arrest while people across our country sit in jail for days, months, or even years because they can’t afford to pay their bail. It’s unjust. We need to reform this broken system.
The last 35 days have been a nightmare for hundreds of thousands of Americans. Grateful to them for their work. They shouldn't have had to pay for the President's vanity project.
Today marks the second time that nearly 800,000 federal workers won’t receive their paycheck. They're being forced to choose between necessities like food, chemotherapy, or car payments or paying rent on time for the month. This shutdown is indefensible.
This has never been about keeping the American people safe with a wall. It is about the President pushing his own self-interest no matter who’s hurt in the process. This shutdown should’ve never happened.
Today is another stark reminder that Special Counsel Robert Mueller must be allowed to complete his job without any political interference. Legislation must be brought to the Senate floor immediately to protect his investigation.
This is just plain wrong — open the government. 
There are just a few days left until we kick off our campaign in Oakland — my hometown. Join those who have already RSVP’d and are ready to have leadership that fights for them, not special interests. Say you’ll be there:  
 Sen. Kamala Harris joins in Iowa for a live Democratic Presidential Town Hall Monday, January 28 at 10pm ET on…
Our economy isn’t working for working people. I’ve met too many folks who are working two or three jobs just to pay the bills and make ends meet. Congress must pass the Rent Relief Act and LIFT Act to give families a break.
The Republican-controlled Senate passed a clean bill to fund the government back in December. Today, they rejected an almost identical bill. This historic shutdown is unconscionable. Open the government.
Schools. Movie theaters. Banks. Places of worship. No matter where you are, you deserve to feel safe from gun violence. Mass shootings that barely make the headlines cannot become our new reality. We must pass universal background checks and ban assault weapons.
The government has been shut down for 34 days. Coast Guard employees, TSA workers, Forest Service firefighters, and more are waiting for Congress to act. Time to pass a clean bill, end this shutdown, and get these workers paid.
  Proud Alumna, 
This is just callous. Why does this Administration not understand that families are struggling because of the government shutdown?
This wall is not about securing the American homeland and securing the nation. If you really wanted to secure the nation, you’d pay those people to do the job that they took an oath to do every day. 
Americans who live paycheck to paycheck can't afford another day, let alone another week, of a government shutdown. Let's do the right thing and vote on a clean bill to reopen the government tomorrow. 
I was raised by a mother who taught us that if you see a problem, you don't complain about it. You do something about it. That's why I'm running for president. We have to stand up and fight for our American values.
We've heard the stories from the government shutdown. Folks standing in food lines, people being threatened with eviction, and those folks, they don't want a wall. They want a paycheck. It is the height of irresponsibility that this Administration is holding them hostage.
The core of my campaign is the people. Nobody lives their life through the lens of one issue. What people want is leadership that sees them and pays equal attention to their needs — being able to pay the bills, keep a roof over their head, and put food on the table.
We’re a campaign fueled by people, not corporate PACs. We won’t accept a dime from them, so your help will truly make a difference. Contribute to our campaign now: 
 
We cannot allow 7 million more Americans to remain uninsured. Republicans must own the damage they've inflicted on the health care, lives, and futures of these people and the rest of us must demand Medicare for All.
“Imagine being an attack helicopter pilot and in the back of your head you’re thinking, ‘I could lose my job in a week.’ It’s extremely distracting.”
How we win this election matters: ❌ No corporate PACs❌ No federal lobbyistsJust a whole lot of people standing up for our American values. I’m excited to do this together — a campaign for the people and of the people. Let’s do this.
Our country is worth fighting for, and I know there is so much we can accomplish when we work together. Sign up to get involved with our campaign. 
It's completely irresponsible that this president has kept the government closed for over a month. That’s 33 days of anxiety and hurt for more than 800,000 federal workers who are trying to figure out how they’re going to pay their rent or mortgage.
Two years after Trump’s inauguration, we’re facing a crisis of leadership. And a wall won't fix that. Join our campaign by texting FEARLESS to 70785 or visiting 
Now more than ever reproductive healthcare and rights are under attack in this country. We must fight back. Today’s Roe v. Wade anniversary is a reminder that our fight for progress, freedom, and justice must never cease. 
Decency, justice, equality, and our democracy are all on the line right now. The future of our country depends on millions of people raising their voices to fight for our values. That’s why I’m running for President of the United States. I hope you’re with me. 
Yesterday was a momentous day. People from all walks of life across the country chipped in to show corporate PACs that we can build a grassroots movement without them. 
Since the government shutdown started, domestic violence shelters have been suffering the consequences. Women have gone days without milk, mothers have pinned towels to their children when the shelter ran out of the smallest diapers. This must end. 
To the transgender community: You deserve to move through the world with the utmost respect and dignity. You are not alone. We fight with you.
Back in December I received this *very* persuasive letter from a young Iowan I met out on the campaign trail last fall. Nora — thank you for the encouragement and I hope to see you again soon. 
Kicking off our campaign at a rally in my hometown of Oakland, California on Sunday, January 27. Looking forward to seeing you there. RSVP here→
Forty-six years after Roe v. Wade, it’s inexcusable that we’re still fighting to ensure that women can make their own choices about their bodies. 
Thanks to you, we surpassed $1.5 million in grassroots contributions in under 24 hours. Join us:  
Get the government back up and running. Then we can have a debate about what we need to do to pass comprehensive immigration reform. 800,000 federal workers don’t deserve to suffer while that’s debated. 
Transgender military members have the courage to serve our country and deserve to do so. We have to fight back to reverse this. 
This campaign will not take a dime from corporate PACs — just people, like you. We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Chip in now:
We’re facing a leadership crisis in the White House. From referring to white supremacists as “very fine people,” to putting children in cages, to sabotaging our country’s health care, we know America can be better than this — but it's on us to build it. 
Join me in Oakland on Sunday, January 27 for our first rally to kick off the campaign. Looking forward to seeing everyone there: 
It's official, I'm running for president. Hope to see you in Oakland:  
Thinking of my mother today. She was smart, fierce, and my first campaign staffer — and I dearly wish she was here with us for this moment. Her spirit still drives me to fight for our values. 
 I'm running for president. Let's do this together. Join us:  
 was where I first ran for elected office — freshman class representative. There is no place I’d rather visit on the day I launched my presidential campaign. 
We’re a campaign funded by the people, not corporate PACs. Let’s do this together and fight for the best of who we are. Pitch in now and help us build a winning campaign→
Ours is a fight born of optimism — of the promise of what our country can become if we work together. I hope you’ll join me. 
A country where we stop incentivizing corporations to profit off the incarceration of millions. We’re going to fight for an America where all our civil rights are respected.
Where every single person can retire with dignity. Where we can all breathe clean air and drink clean water. Where Black women aren’t three to four times more likely to die in childbirth than white women.
We will fight for a country where getting a college education doesn’t mean taking on a lifetime of debt. Where middle-class and working families get a break, not corporations or the wealthiest 1%.
This campaign is a fight for the soul of our country. It’s a fight of and for the people. Together, we will fight for a country with strong public schools. A country where one job is enough to pay the bills. A country with health care for every single American.
In 1968, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said, "We shall overcome because the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice." He had a vision for what our country could be but knew his aspirations wouldn't be achieved overnight. It's on us to carry out his work.
I’m running for President of the United States. Here’s why:

Show your friends and family you’re on Team Kamala. Shop for all the campaign essentials now:  
Americans deserve a president who will fight for them, hear them, care about them, and put them in front of their own self-interests. 
50 states strong, all from individual donations. Thank you for being a part of our campaign! 
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
Let’s give Kamala’s campaign for President the strongest possible start. Chip in now.
Let’s give Kamala’s campaign for President the strongest possible start. Chip in now.
Let’s give Kamala’s campaign for President the strongest possible start. Chip in now.
Kamala is running for President. We need to have her back. Chip in now to help launch the campaign.
Kamala is running for President. We need to have her back. Chip in now to help launch the campaign.
Kamala is running for President. We need to have her back. Chip in now to help launch the campaign.
I want to do this differently: powered by ordinary Americans across the country, not corporate PACs. Will you contribute now to show your support?
I want to do this differently: powered by ordinary Americans across the country, not corporate PACs. Will you contribute now to show your support?
I want to do this differently: powered by ordinary Americans across the country, not corporate PACs. Will you contribute now to show your support?
BREAKING NEWS: I just announced I’m running for President and I need your support. Will you chip in now to give us the strongest possible start?
BREAKING NEWS: I just announced I’m running for President and I need your support. Will you chip in now to give us the strongest possible start?
BREAKING NEWS: I just announced I’m running for President and I need your support. Will you chip in now to give us the strongest possible start?
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
Let’s give Kamala’s campaign for President the strongest possible start. Chip in now.
Let’s give Kamala’s campaign for President the strongest possible start. Chip in now.
Let’s give Kamala’s campaign for President the strongest possible start. Chip in now.
Kamala is running for President. We need to have her back. Chip in now to help launch the campaign.
Kamala is running for President. We need to have her back. Chip in now to help launch the campaign.
Kamala is running for President. We need to have her back. Chip in now to help launch the campaign.
I want to do this differently: powered by ordinary Americans across the country, not corporate PACs. Will you contribute now to show your support?
I want to do this differently: powered by ordinary Americans across the country, not corporate PACs. Will you contribute now to show your support?
I want to do this differently: powered by ordinary Americans across the country, not corporate PACs. Will you contribute now to show your support?
BREAKING NEWS: I just announced I’m running for President and I need your support. Will you chip in now to give us the strongest possible start?
BREAKING NEWS: I just announced I’m running for President and I need your support. Will you chip in now to give us the strongest possible start?
BREAKING NEWS: I just announced I’m running for President and I need your support. Will you chip in now to give us the strongest possible start?
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
Let’s give Kamala’s campaign for President the strongest possible start. Chip in now.
Let’s give Kamala’s campaign for President the strongest possible start. Chip in now.
Let’s give Kamala’s campaign for President the strongest possible start. Chip in now.
Kamala is running for President. We need to have her back. Chip in now to help launch the campaign.
Kamala is running for President. We need to have her back. Chip in now to help launch the campaign.
Kamala is running for President. We need to have her back. Chip in now to help launch the campaign.
I want to do this differently: powered by ordinary Americans across the country, not corporate PACs. Will you contribute now to show your support?
I want to do this differently: powered by ordinary Americans across the country, not corporate PACs. Will you contribute now to show your support?
I want to do this differently: powered by ordinary Americans across the country, not corporate PACs. Will you contribute now to show your support?
BREAKING NEWS: I just announced I’m running for President and I need your support. Will you chip in now to give us the strongest possible start?
BREAKING NEWS: I just announced I’m running for President and I need your support. Will you chip in now to give us the strongest possible start?
BREAKING NEWS: I just announced I’m running for President and I need your support. Will you chip in now to give us the strongest possible start?
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
No corporate PACs—just people, like you! We don't have to accept a system that drowns out your voice. We can do better. Will you donate to my presidential campaign today?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
I’m so proud of my supporters who have had my back time and time again. Now, I’m running for President and I hope I have your support. Will you contribute now to help launch our campaign?
Let’s give Kamala’s campaign for President the strongest possible start. Chip in now.
Let’s give Kamala’s campaign for President the strongest possible start. Chip in now.
Let’s give Kamala’s campaign for President the strongest possible start. Chip in now.
Kamala is running for President. We need to have her back. Chip in now to help launch the campaign.
Kamala is running for President. We need to have her back. Chip in now to help launch the campaign.
Kamala is running for President. We need to have her back. Chip in now to help launch the campaign.
I want to do this differently: powered by ordinary Americans across the country, not corporate PACs. Will you contribute now to show your support?
I want to do this differently: powered by ordinary Americans across the country, not corporate PACs. Will you contribute now to show your support?
I want to do this differently: powered by ordinary Americans across the country, not corporate PACs. Will you contribute now to show your support?
BREAKING NEWS: I just announced I’m running for President and I need your support. Will you chip in now to give us the strongest possible start?
BREAKING NEWS: I just announced I’m running for President and I need your support. Will you chip in now to give us the strongest possible start?
BREAKING NEWS: I just announced I’m running for President and I need your support. Will you chip in now to give us the strongest possible start?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
I'm running for president. Let's do this together. Join us:  
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
Kamala Harris is running for President. Join our campaign today.
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
BREAKING NEWS: Kamala just announced she’s running for President — and she needs your help to get started. Will you join our campaign today?
This Administration continues its efforts to sabotage the Affordable Care Act and roll back the progress we’ve made for millions of Americans. It’s reprehensible — these are people’s lives we’re talking about. 
No one should ever have to make this choice.  
