"We must stand against hate wherever it rears its ugly head." —Hillary in 2000
As we begin Ramadan, I wish all Muslims a blessed time of reflection, family, and good health. Ramadan Mubarak. -H
The president's job is to take care of our men and women in uniform—while they serve and when they come home. 
A preview of President that proves we can’t let him anywhere near the Situation Room. 
Urnas en Puerto Rico cierran a las 3pm. Si llegas a la fila en o antes de las 3pm tienes el derecho a votar. No te salgas.
"Two years ago, my son was killed by a mass shooter. I’ve never spoken about it publicly until now." —Caryn Michaels 
¡Puerto Rico! Hoy es tu día de ir a votar por Hillary. Comparte esto y déjale saber a tus amigos:  
These California ESL students are using Hillary's 1995 speech in Beijing to learn English.
 BREAKING: Clinton is projected winner in U.S. Virgin Islands Dem caucus   
 This is what Democrats united to beat look like. Get ready, Donald – we're coming. 
It'd be all too easy for Trump to roll back the progress we've made on LGBT rights. We can't give him the chance. 
Increíble.
It's time to judge Donald Trump by his words and his deeds. And they make him unfit to be President of the United States.
In America, it doesn’t matter where your parents were born or what color your skin is. We should be judged by words and deeds—not our race.
Donald Trump’s not just wrong about Judge Curiel—he’s wrong about America. He’s wrong about what makes this country great.
"Judge Curiel is as much of an American as I am, and he's as much of an American as Donald Trump is." —Hillary
Trump said the judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump U. should be disqualified from his job because of his “Mexican heritage.”
Muhammad Ali really was The Greatest—unmatched not just in power and skill, but also in courage and conscience. Thinking of his family. -H
This week, we saw the REAL Which story appalled you the most?
Lying about veterans, his business, and his own words—and that wasn't even the worst thing Trump said this week. 
El emocionante momento cuando pudo votar por primera vez. ¡Felicitaciones!
 HFA staffer. DREAMer. U.S. citizen. First time voter.
Muslims and Mexican immigrants serve with distinction in the U.S. military. Trump could learn something about being an American from them.
Trump no tiene el derecho de definir quién es y no es parte de este país. Nos definen los valores—no la intolerancia.
America is a country of diverse beliefs and heritages. That makes us strong, regardless of what Donald thinks.
When Trump insults Muslims or immigrants, he should remember that Muslims and immigrants serve in our armed forces. 
 Hillary Clinton is the better candidate to take on Trump  
 "ideas" are really just a series of bizarre rants, personal feuds, and outright lies. 
Q: "Saying [a judge] can't do his job because of his race—is that not the definition of racism?"Trump: "No." 
Trump is attacking a judge based on his heritage because Trump thinks *he's* the victim of bias here. 
It’s not hard to imagine leading us into a war just because somebody got under his very thin skin. 
 Let's create jobs by making the boldest infrastructure investments since we built the interstate highway system. 
 "She's not caricaturing Donald Trump...she's just quoting him directly, and that's deadly."
Hillary schooled Donald Trump on foreign policy yesterday. Miss the speech? Catch up on some of the highlights: 
No, Donald. Esto no es un “conflicto de interés”—el problema eres tú. 
Every time Trump loses his temper, imagine him in the Situation Room making life-or-death decisions on our behalf.
 The choice is clear: Hillary Clinton is the only candidate who consistently stands with gun safety.  
We can never let Republicans cut or privatize Social Security—we should protect and expand it. Thanks, 
We will never be silenced or intimidated by the gun lobby. Honored to have ; support. -H 
You literally said all those things.  
Donald Trump's foreign policy team: one "very good brain" with very thin skin.
Recordatorio para Mr. Trump. 
Some of the (many, many) reasons Donald Trump isn't fit to be Commander-in-Chief. 
Donald Trump's foreign policy is already making Americans less safe, and he's not even president (yet).
Abusive payday lenders have preyed on Americans for too long. new rule will protect families; the next president should do the same.
 Donald Trump has never negotiated a ceasefire, but he can throw a mean pageant! 
✔ Supports nuclear proliferation✔ Alienates our allies✔ Cozies up to dictatorsTrump's foreign policy is...chaos. 
If we aren't doing everything we can to prevent  then we're not doing nearly enough. 
What happens to the moral example we set—for the world and for our own children—if our president engages in bigotry?
Donald Trump is not someone who should ever have the nuclear codes.
Don’t let anyone tell you that America isn’t great. Donald Trump’s got America all wrong.
Imagine if he had not just his Twitter account at his disposal when he’s angry, but America’s entire arsenal. 
The tools Donald Trump brings to the table—bragging, mocking, composing nasty tweets—won’t do the trick.
America’s network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional. And our allies deliver for us every day.
We’re not a country that cowers behind walls. We lead with purpose, and we prevail. 
We cannot put the security of our children and grandchildren in Donald Trump’s hands. We cannot let him roll the dice with America.
Trump isn’t just incoherent; he’s dangerous. He’s not just unprepared; he’s temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
Watch now: Hillary on why America—and the world—can't afford Trump as Commander-in-Chief →  
 Important news. Many thanks to ; all who played a role in this accomplishment  
There's only one word for Trump's approach to foreign policy and national security: chaos.
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had."  
“It’s O.K., just max out your credit card." —Trump University on how to pay for classes 
Here's what you need to know about Trump's "university." 
What the movement for LGBT equality has taught us: with courage and love, there's nothing we can't do. Happy Pride Month. Let's fight on.
Trump University was a vehicle for to exploit vulnerable Americans for his own gain.
Trump University students entrusted Trump with their futures, and he scammed them.He'd do the same to our country. 
 As we celebrate 100 years of the Hillary has a plan to preserve America's 'best idea.'
Trump himself is a fraud.He's trying to scam America the way he scammed all those people at Trump University.
FACT: Trump University identified those most vulnerable and then targeted them with predatory marketing tactics. 
The Trump University con says a lot about Trump. If you can't trust him with your personal finances—how can we trust him with our country?
Trump's candidacy is built on his business "credibility." But his business record matches his character: His only concern is his own profit.
It's one thing to sell steaks using a name as a marketing ploy. Trump's company intentionally put people at risk. 
Trump University employed instructors with no experience and lied to sell outrageously expensive packages. In a word: fraud.
Another Trump University practice, according to its own employees: target struggling families to fleece them. 
Some of Trump University's tactics: push people to take on debt, cash out retirement, max out credit cards—whatever it took to buy classes.
The gist: Trump's for-profit university deceived ; exploited students to take their money.And he has the gall to call the media "sleazy."
New documents confirm Trump "University" was a scam that preyed on families to make money. Caution—may cause nausea. 
 Here's what I know. Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud. His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University. (1/2)
 The actions of Trump University employees to prey on the poor and naive are just completely repulsive. 
 Trump U is devastating because it's metaphor for his whole campaign: promising hardworking Americans way to get ahead, bu…
Trump University's own employees described it as a "scam.”  
Trump University was a fraudulent scheme used to prey upon those who could least afford it.  
 A takedown of Trump's "stunningly misguided" views on the Paris climate deal, from the guy who negotiated it. 
"Hillary Clinton, with her long experience ... will be prepared to lead our country on day one."  
You never know what you'll see at a Hillary rally.
Taking care of our veterans is part of our solemn duty as Americans:  
 Hillary knows she'd make history as the first woman president—and that it's about much more:  
First: the why Californians are voting for Hillary on June 7.
"The future is at stake. And that’s why we’re with her."  on its first-ever presidential endorsement 
Aspiring Commander-in-Chief has some ideas about prisoners of war. (He’s not a big fan).
Our service members and their families deserve more than empty words. Let's give them the support they need: 
“I like people that weren’t captured, ok?”Trump has something to say about prisoners of war.
"I want to be sure that it is Hillary Clinton who takes the oath of office, not Donald Trump." — 
 Not quite! You got bad publicity for scamming vets and then lying about it. But close!  
 doesn't like prisoners of war—but he wants to be your Commander-in-Chief.
Millions around the world are forced into human trafficking. We can't rest until they're free.  
 Major environmental group makes first ever endorsement of Hillary Clinton 
10 never-before-seen photos of Hillary from the trail in 1992. 
Not only does Trump deny climate change, he's now denying that the drought in California is even happening. What? 
Gold Star families like Betsy’s have paid the ultimate price for our freedom. They deserve our eternal thanks.
Our fallen heroes deserve our profound gratitude for giving their lives to protect our freedom, today and every day.  -H
The Adoption and Safe Families Act helped thousands of kids find loving families—including this one. 
El mantra de Trump: Beneficiarse sin importar a los demás. 
Our most important task is making sure we give our kids a better life. That's the promise of America. 
Watch Hillary wonk out with a nurse in New Jersey over solving one of the world's most serious problems.
Disgusting. 
Some on the other side may say our best days are behind us. Let's prove them wrong. 
"Pregnancy is...certainly an inconvenience for a business." —Donald TrumpHere's Hillary's take →
Donald Trump thinks workplace pregnancy is an "inconvenience" to businesses.(He could be your next president.) 
From ripping off veterans to demeaning women, Trump spent the week insulting just about everyone: 
Donald Trump thinks climate change is a “hoax.”President Trump would destroy our ability to combat it.
$25 billion could pay for:1,500 new schools.Clean energy to power 5 million homes.or...Trump's wall: 
 If fighting for equal pay, paid leave and affordable child care is playing the "woman card," well... 
1 de cada 4 personas en Puerto Rico podría contraer el Zika este año. Esto es lo quepodemos hacer para combatirlo. 
The first in a new series: a message from your potential next president—on pregnancy.
"I don't think a nation can be great that turns its back on the poor and the unfortunate." —Hillary in 1994 
What we need: bridges, schools, a clean energy grid.What Trump wants: a wall.  
Couldn't agree more. 
 Because climate change has one major impact that, for Trump, is awkwardly personal... 
 Donald Trump says he "cherishes women." Just not if they're working and pregnant.  
 Brian Williams says all you need to know about the GOP nominee for president.
Born on this day in 1951, Dr. Sally Ride was the first American woman ; first LGBT astronaut in space.  
La única forma de enfrentar a un "bully" es uniéndonos. Nosotros somos los únicos que podemos detener que Trump llegue a la Casa Blanca.
“Now we know what a ‘good result’ is to Donald Trump—he gets his, and you get hurt.” —Hillary
“Donald Trump said profiting off working families getting kicked out of their homes ; losing their jobs would be a ‘good result.’” —Hillary
“We’ve got to do more to raise families’ incomes. We can start by raising the federal minimum wage.” —Hillary 
Happening now: Watch Hillary speak at the conference in Las Vegas →  
→  
When the economy crashed, families saw their homes foreclosed and savings disappear. Trump saw a chance to profit. 
There’s nothing more important than protecting our kids. If we fail at that, it doesn’t matter what we get right. 
El muro de Trump en la frontera costaría al menos unos $25 mil millones. Lo que podríamos hacer en lugar de su plan. 
 trying to profit off people losing their homes isn't the "kind of thinking our country needs."
So, wall would cost $25 billion. Here's what else we could do with that money.
  endorses for president. 
With the money Trump would waste on his wall, we could help a lot of families by building infrastructure we need. 
 Getting federal contractors to disclose emissions=important step for  transparency. Good move,  
Donald Trump is fueling conspiracy theories out on the campaign trail. Can you imagine that in the Situation Room? 
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love—not harmful "conversion therapy." Thanks 
The business model: exploit anyone or anything he can to turn a quick buck. 
Excited to be back with a good friend. Watch today at 4 pm ET. 
Trump's wall on the border would likely cost at least $25 billion. Some things we could do instead: 
We have to build on the Affordable Care Act and continue our march toward making sure every single American has health coverage.
Donald Trump doesn't seem to actually care about making America great so much as he seems to care about making himself look great.
We’re stronger together. When we embrace immigrants, not denigrate them. When we build bridges, not walls.
Donald Trump has spent his career looking to turn a profit, no matter who gets hurt in the process. 
 Trump bet against American families in the housing crash. Now he says its the "kind of thinking our country needs." ht…
Mientras 5 millones de personas perdían sus hogares, Trump esperaba enriquecerse de este desplome a costa de ellos.
Millions of families saw their life savings destroyed in the Great Recession.Trump saw it as a chance to cash in. 
 rooted for the housing crash that caused 5 million Americans to lose their homes. 
Big win for those who think we should make it easier, not harder, to vote (which really should be all of us).  -H
Hillary's live on Facebook page! Watch now:  
In Trump’s world, a “good result” means Trump gets his and working families get hurt. We're better than that.
Trying to profit off of people losing their homes isn't the "kind of thinking our country needs." 
We need a president who's fighting to raise incomes for all Americans, not one who tries to profit at their expense. 
Donald Trump could bankrupt America like he bankrupted his companies. Let's make sure he never gets the chance: 
Trump prioritizing his own gain over Americans' well-being isn't new, but it is telling: The only person he'll fight for is himself.
This wasn't an anomaly for Trump. His economic plan helps millionaires and hurts middle-class families. He'd let Wall Street run wild again.
How cruel do you have to be to actually root for a crisis that would devastate millions of families, all to pad your own pockets?
Millions of families—disproportionately black and Latino families—lost homes, jobs, and savings.Trump tried to profit at their expense.
Right before the housing market crashed, said he hoped it would happen—because he could make money off of it.
When Trump got his wish for a housing crash, millions of Americans lost their homes.This guy can't be president. 
 When Donald Trump wins, you lose.  
The 2008 crash caused millions of Americans to lose their jobs and homes.In 2006, Trump rooted for it to happen. 
 While American families suffered, Donald Trump tried to cash in. 
Millions of Americans lost jobs and homes in the 2008 crash. A man who hoped for it has no business being president.
There's so much more that unites us than divides us. It's time to come together to stop Donald Trump. 
We can't defeat ISIS with bigotry and bluster. 
A Donald Trump presidency would pull us backward on nearly every issue we care about.We can't let that happen.
 When we work together, nothing can stand in our way. 
"The lesson of our history, through good times and hard times, is that we’re stronger together." —Hillary 
“The only thing standing between Donald Trump and the Oval Office is all of us.” —Hillary
"If fighting for equal pay, paid family leave, and affordable child care is playing the 'woman card,' then deal me in" —Hillary to the
Donald Trump thinks Americans are being paid too much and has hired union-busting firms to break up organizing campaigns on his properties.
The labor movement pioneered the basic bargain that made America great: If you work hard and do your part, you should be able to get ahead.
"You are often unsung heroes. And I want you to know this: Your fights are my fights." —Hillary to members in Detroit
Tune in to watch Hillary address the 2016 International Convention.  
 Nobody knows better than unions that we’re stronger together. Honored to join you all in the fight for working families.
Unions helped build the middle class, so when Republicans attack unions, they're attacking millions of Americans. 
"She taught me resilience, courage, and the power of love and kindness." —Hillary on her mom
There are too many parents across the country with stories like this one.
Education should be about building a brighter future, not a lifetime of debt. 
“Mentiroso", "fraude", “xenófobo" y otras cosas que líderes republicanos dicen sobre Trump. 
Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can. 
"Unlike Donald Trump, I will not pander to the gun lobby. We will not be silenced and we will not be intimidated." —Hillary
"I believe we have a moral obligation…to stand up against systematic racism." —Hillary at the dinner
These moms want to make sure no other family has to lose a child to senseless violence. 
We can't accept this as "normal."  
Para muchos, los ingresos ya no rinden tanto como antes. 
This week, Donald Trump proved just how dangerous he'd be as president. 
Donald Trump is questioning Hillary's qualifications to be president. Let's dig into that.
Too many moms have to go back to work too soon after giving birth.
Hillary Clinton tiene un plan para que todos puedan salir adelante. 
Republican lawmakers in Oklahoma voted to make it a felony to perform an abortion: 
 Op-ed by Hillary Clinton: Child care now costs more than rent. Here’s how to fix this crisis. 
 Speaking is hard for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: "Madam President."  
Hillary nerds out with a nurse in New Jersey. 
The United States presidency requires steadiness as well as strength and smarts.Donald Trump is not qualified. 
You're wrong, We can uphold Second Amendment rights while preventing senseless gun violence. 
Congratulations on becoming a U.S. citizen, Alicia. Enjoy casting that vote. 
We need a president who will unite leaders around the world to defeat ISIS, not one who insults and alienates them. 
Dear Congress,Let's get this done.Thanks,The vast majority of Americans 
 Another day, another shameful move by House GOP to roll back anti-discrimination protections for LGBT employees. 
Is Hillary qualified to be president?Take this helpful quiz to find out: 
An estimated 1 in 4 people in Puerto Rico could get Zika this year.Here's what we can do to combat this threat: 
A candidate who roots for his own gain at the expense of American families isn't just heartless. He's disqualified. 
Donald Trump's plan to ban Muslims from entering the United States will make defeating terrorists more difficult.
 This campaign is about breaking down barriers, but this silo is pretty awesome.
 Hillary sent me to Puerto Rico to learn more about Zika. Today's Senate vote for funding to combat it is critical. 
"Investing in the health and education of women...is essential to improving global prosperity." —Hillary 
If you cite supporting torture and hosting pageants as foreign policy "qualifications," your definition needs work. 
 This Nat'l  Day of Action, we must commit to fighting the systemic racism ; sexism that women of color face…
Un recordatorio importante. 
The safety of our kids is more important than the interests of the NRA. Our leaders should act like it. 
 After 9/11, the Government offered grants to help struggling small businesses. Donald Trump took them for himself. h…
El voto del Senado hoy sobre Zika es un paso importante para combatirlo—pero no es suficiente. Los republicanos deberían aprobar presupuesto
Question: "Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?""No, I do not." —Hillary
"Everybody gets knocked down in life. The real test is whether you get back up, dust yourself off, and keep going." —Hillary
"Trump took out a field that couldn’t criticize him on issues because they fundamentally agreed with him." —Hillary on the GOP primary
“I’m going after him exactly on those issues and statements that are divisive and dangerous.” —Hillary on
"The threat that Donald Trump poses is so dramatic to our country, to our democracy." —Hillary on
"I know how hard this job is. You need steadiness as well as strength and smarts... Donald Trump is not qualified." —Hillary on
"When you run for president of the United States, the entire world is watching.” —Hillary on dangerous rhetoric
"Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?"  I do not." —Hillary
"It sends a message of disrespect and makes the situation inside those countries more difficult." —Hillary on Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric
"We have to put everything we can toward the goal of defeating ISIS, protecting ourselves, our friends, and our partners." —Hillary on
We can't sit by while extreme politicians attack women's basic rights. Not only is this unconstitutional—it's wrong. 
Today's Senate vote is a necessary step to combat the spread of Zika—but it's not enough. Republicans in Congress should fully fund this. -H
Donald Trump named 11 judges he would consider nominating to the Supreme Court.Here's what's at stake. 
"Speaking is hard for me, but come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President." 
 Apply today ; join the team that’s going to elect the first woman president is hiring:  
… y solo es miércoles. 
Two Kentucky churches came together for a special service.
(It's only Wednesday.) 
Los trabajadores no han recibido un aumento en años—Hillary tiene un plan para subir los salarios. 
America has always been about working together to get things done. 
The first openly gay leader of a U.S. military branch—a milestone we can all be proud of. Congrats,  
 doesn't want you to see what's in his tax returns. Wonder why that could be?
 You don't need to see who's on Trump's list to know what his Supreme Court would look like. 
Thank you, for making sure millions of Americans receive the overtime pay they deserve. -H 
 What's Donald Trump hiding in his tax returns? Only he knows.
Let's make it easier to raise a family in America.  
It's middle-class families that need a raise—not millionaires and billionaires. 
Thanks for having our back, Kentucky. 
Hillary just won Kentucky, but this election is just getting started. Chip in now if you've got her back: 
We just won Kentucky! Thanks to everyone who turned out. We’re always stronger united.  
 Until Trump releases his tax returns, we can't know what he's hiding. But we can infer.  
Latest reckless idea from Trump: gut rules on Wall Street, and leave middle-class families out to dry. 
On the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia, let's recommit to ending violence and hate against LGBT people worldwide.
For too many families, paychecks aren't stretching as far as they used to. Let's change that. 
Who benefits from Trump's tax plan?Billionaires—and millionaires like him.  
62 years after Brown v. Board, we still have too many segregated schools. We have to ensure equal opportunity for all of our kids.
Does Trump pay his fair share in taxes? As long as he keeps refusing to release his tax returns, voters won't know. 
It's Primary Day for Kentucky and Oregon.  this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
Being president isn't like being on a reality show.We can't afford a candidate who treats it like one. 
Making it harder to vote goes against everything we stand for as Americans. Why would you brag about it? 
Conoce cómo Hillary ha luchado durante varias décadas por las familias, mujeres y niños.  
We’ve got to stop giving companies incentives to move jobs overseas.   
Every woman, no matter where she works, deserves birth control coverage. This shouldn't be a question.  -H
Trump empezó su campaña diciendo que los mexicanos son "violadores" y traen “drogas” y “crimen”.No se ha detenido. 
 Join Stevie Wonder, and Hillary for a concert you won't forget. 
Whenever you read about Trump's reckless foreign policy, imagine him in the Situation Room.  
The American auto industry just had its best year ever. So yes, we can bring American manufacturing back. 
 Donald Trump's spent his whole career avoiding paying his taxes--and leaving middle class families with the bill.   ht…
Every presidential nominee since 1976 has released their tax returns, but Trump has refused.
“In politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue.”  
"Implementar la idea [de Trump] a los Estados Unidos destruiría la economía" 
Incomes haven’t gone up for most Americans in about 15 years. We’ve got to fix that. 
"What can we do for women that doesn't make them a liability because they're pregnant?"
8 ways we can give middle-class families a raise, not one of which is cutting taxes for billionaires. 
Hillary was first student commencement speaker in 1969. Read the speech:  
Made a new friend in Ohio.
Worried about a Trump presidency? Here are four things you can do to prevent it: 
 Why hasn't released his tax returns? Looks like he's out of excuses.
FACT: Donald Trump would force schools to allow guns in classrooms on his first day in office. 
Donald Trump wants to spend $3 trillion (yes, with a T) on tax cuts for people like him.  
We've got to do everything we can to make it easier for people like Frankie to reach their potential. 
Happening now → join senior policy advisors (and working moms) for a Q;A on child care and work/life balance: 
We can do a lot to help working parents. Join a Facebook Q;A on Hillary's new child care plan at 3pm ET: 
"The annual cost of child care is higher than a year’s tuition at the average 4 year public college."  
It's a simple idea: Those who have benefited the most from our economy should pay their fair share in taxes. 
“You’re gonna make the same if you do as good a job.” —Donald Trump on women and equal pay 
Even Republicans can't come to terms with the idea of "President Trump." 
You can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep. 
Hillary's advice to graduates in 1992: "Throw yourself into the world, and make your voice count." 
Nurses care for our families like their own. It's time we returned the favor.  
Who benefits from Donald Trump's tax plan? Billionaires like Donald Trump.  
"I don’t want Americans to feel left out and left behind. I want the American Dream to be alive and well." —Hillary
 HFA organizing is hiring for multiple roles to build the team that will win this election. Here's how you can join: 
 Hillary Clinton has a plan for you to spend a lot less on day care 
Trump stood by his proposed Muslim ban just last week. Now he's trying to backpedal. Don't let him.
Sybrina, you and all mothers of gun violence victims have taught us hate will never win. Thinking of you today.  -H
"We want to bring unity to the Republican party."  luck with that.
"I’ve been called many things by many people. 'Quitter' is not one of them."  
 Paul Ryan and Donald Trump just met. Here's why it was probably pretty awkward.
80% of a child's brain is formed before the age of 3. Early childhood education could not be more important. 
Donald Trump has released just one detailed proposal: a tax plan written by billionaires, for billionaires.
"I am the king of debt, I do love debt, I love playing with it."  
Under Trump's tax plan, the wealthiest 0.1% of Americans would get more tax relief than the bottom 60% combined. 
This election isn’t a reality show.
It’s hard to imagine how we’re going to lift up families if we don't raise the national minimum wage. 
Trump's policies that affect women are even more offensive than his comments on women—and that's saying something.
 When asked what gov should stop doing, said overseeing banks! How can you be tough on Wall Street by l…
Donald Trump's tax plan:1. Cut taxes for the wealthiest Americans2. Saddle the rest of the country with the debt
When women are paid less, they're also short-changed in saving for retirement and contributing to Social Security. We've got to change this.
"[The LGBT community's] progress is not only safe in her hands, it will continue."  endorsing Hillary: 
Millions of families struggle to afford quality child care.It's time they got some help.
It's been a banner week for 
 Trump sees no need for a federal floor for the minimum wage. That's only a problem if you live in these states: 
We need to raise the minimum wage, lift millions of families out of poverty, and make the economy work for everyone. 
In many states, child care is even more expensive than college tuition. Let's make it affordable for every family. 
  continues to build ladders of opportunity by providing scholarships to DREAMers--a huge milestone: 
Detroit's public schools are in crisis, and we need solutions that include teachers and parents:  -H
If Trump had his way, the federal minimum wage would be $0. 
Cuatro cosas que puedes hacer ahora mismo para evitar una presidencia de Trump. 
 Donald Trump just selected a white nationalist leader to be a delegate at the convention. 
"Enough is enough. It’s time we make quality child care affordable for all working families." —Hillary
While families are struggling to pay for child care, Donald Trump actually argued that Americans are being paid too much.
A Kentucky parent earning the minimum wage spends 40% of their income on child care.Let's make sure no family has to spend more than 10%.
Quality, affordable child care isn't a luxury for the few. It's a necessity that too many Americans are struggling to achieve.
Hillary's in Kentucky today talking with families about child care. Tune in to watch live:  
A woman told Hillary she was fired after losing her baby: "What happened to you was not only wrong—it's illegal."
 One candidate will fight for you. The other will fight for himself. 
No family should have to pay more than 10% of its income on child care. 
West Virginians, head to the polls today.  this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
"I would borrow knowing that if the economy crashed, I could make a deal." 
"Trump is floating an insane idea that would tank the American economy."  
Americans need a raise. 
Women earn just $0.79 for every $1 men do.That's a problem for all of us.  
 Fitting that America's first conservation success story is now our national mammal. Kudos to 
"Applying [Trump's] idea to the United States would destroy the economy." 
"If you have a mother, a wife, a sister, a daughter who is working, it affects you" —Hillary on equal pay for women: 
Live on Facebook: Hillary leads a roundtable discussion with working families in Virginia. Watch → 
"Making America a more just nation requires honest talk about policies that can lift up those still hurting." 
When Hillary introduced this innovative preschool program to Arkansas families, it spread across the nation.
Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief. Here's who thinks that's a good idea. 
Here's what you can do to make sure never reaches the White House: 
"It's only been an incredible gift." Hillary talks about becoming a grandmother and watching Chelsea become a mom.
 “Mom measured her own life by how much she was able to help us and serve others." —Hillary:  
"She was determined to give me and my brothers opportunities far beyond anything she'd known." —Hillary on her mom
Happy Mother's Day to Charlotte's mom, and my wonderful daughter, -H 
New  designs from and Get them before they're gone →  
 would force all schools to allow guns in classrooms—on his first day in office.Seriously. 
  on how exciting it is to watch raise daughter Charlotte  
Preguntamos a varios neoyorquinos sobre Donald Trump—y estas fueron sus reacciones. 
In 1970, Diane Crump rode her way into history at the  becoming the first woman to compete. 
 Once a Girl Scout, always a Girl Scout.
Son of a Pakistani bus driver, champion of workers' rights and human rights, and now Mayor of London. Congrats, -H
62 reasons why Donald Trump should never become president (from members of his own party). 
 thanks for this. Women are so much more than the roles they've been assigned. -H
Substance abuse and drug addiction hurt our kids, friends, neighbors, and loved ones. We've got to solve this.
"I get along with everybody."  that...
Imaginemos un mañana en el que ningún niño crezca bajo las sombras de la discriminación o la deportación.
Are you a Republican who thinks should not become president?Tell us why: 
We asked a dozen people how they feel about a Donald Trump presidency.They were…honest. 
We're not going to round up millions of immigrants and deport them—no matter how many times Trump says he wants to. 
This is the man the has selected to be their nominee for president. 
Volkswagen workers in TN are raising their voices for the rights they deserve. VW should meet them at the table. -H 
We cannot let Donald Trump become the next president. 
 He's been called "the most lawless lawman in America." He's endorsed  
Comprehensive immigration reform will bring people out of the shadows and into our economy. 
We should be fighting to keep families together, not rip them apart. 
5.5 million kids in the U.S. have at least one undocumented parent. Trump's deportations would hurt them the most. 
FACT: Donald Trump would end birthright citizenship. 
Last night, Trump stood by his plans to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. and deport millions of immigrants. 
Trump podría ser tu próximo Comandante del Ejército. ¿Cómo es su visión sobre la política exterior? Irresponsable. 
“I love Hispanics!” —Trump, 52 minutes ago “They’re gonna be deported.” —Trump, yesterday 
"Everything I say I'm gonna do, folks, I do."What Trump says he'll do as president: deport millions of immigrants.
"I want more Americans to believe again we are all in this together."
They say your friends reflect who you really are... 
 Hillary will be the Small Business President—especially for women- and minority-owned companies: 
"Do you still believe that Muslims should be banned from entering the country? "Yes."
Republicans agree: Donald Trump is reckless, dangerous, and divisive. 
President Trump?Nope: 
Trump es el presunto nominado del Partido Republicano. No podemos dejar que su retórica odiosa y peligrosa se acerque a la Casa Blanca.
We need the strongest team to take on Donald Trump and the GOP in November. Apply to join today: 
 Thank you, for visiting today and shining light on the ongoing crisis in Flint. 
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, we remember the millions of lives lost and rededicate ourselves to fighting hate and intolerance everywhere.
The Republican Party is now the party of Trump. Here's what it stands for.
Love this, Ellen. Where can I get one? -H 
Trump just stood by his proposals to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. ; deport millions of immigrants. Seriously.
"I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running our country." —Hillary
 "He's a race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot."  on
 As a software engineer you can stop Trump. Details here: 
Stonewall: the birthplace of a movement, and soon a national monument for equality.  
"President Trump" is a dangerous proposition.Mitt Romney, Ted Cruz, and Marco Rubio agree.
"They couldn't take him on on the issues because they basically agreed with him." —Hillary on Trump's rivals: 
"He's a loose cannon, and loose cannons tend to misfire." —Hillary on 
"I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running the country." —Hillary to
"Unity versus division, compassion versus selfishness, and love versus hate. The stakes don’t get much higher." 
"Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks." —TrumpHere's what the presumptive nominee would do as president.
 I'm going to fight my heart out to make sure toxic stew of hatred ; insecurity never reaches the Whi…
 If it looks like a demagogue,acts like a demagogue,and talks like a demagogue,then it probably is a demagogue.
We know Donald Trump is not who we are. If you want to shut him down, then let’s vote him down. 
There's only one candidate left who can stop a Trump presidency.Chip in now if you've got Hillary's back: 
"As he goes after women, as he goes after literally every group, I'm going to be their voice." —Hillary on Trump
Donald Trump is the presumptive nominee.Chip in now if you agree we can't let him become president: 
Our teachers deserve more than just a pat on the back. They deserve a raise.  
"We're not going to be counted out anymore." —Hillary on disparaging comments toward women
It’s Primary Day, Indiana. If you’re a Hoosier for Hillary, vote today: 
Thrilled by this news. Every loving parent, no matter who they are, can now adopt kids in all 50 states.  -H
“We’re going to build a future that will take advantage of the talents and the hard work of every single one of our children.” —Hillary
We don’t have time to waste on Trump's fake solutions that won’t do a thing to help your families.
Donald Trump’s tax plan would give $3.2 trillion to millionaires ; billionaires.Ted Cruz would give them even more.We can't afford that.
“What is the other side offering? Unfortunately, it’s the same old trickle-down economics that failed us before.” —Hillary
“Drug abuse, alcohol abuse and suicide are all on the rise across Appalachia.” —HillaryHer plan to address it: 
Revitalizing Appalachia means investing in education and training—from pre-K to college to vocational and retraining programs.
“Having a good job is about so much more than getting a paycheck. It’s about dignity and a sense of purpose." —Hillary
We’ll create more good-paying jobs by investing in locally-driven projects and infrastructure improvements. 
“Even if people don’t vote for me in November, I’m going to be for them and for you every single day.” 
“There’s no question that the workers of Appalachia made America more prosperous and secure, and that legacy should be honored.” —Hillary
Watch live: Hillary’s speaking in Ohio on her plans to create jobs and grow our economy:  
Live in Indiana? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
What kind of president would Leslie Knope be? "Full speed ahead!"
Let's act on coal miner safety so people like Don Blankenship are held accountable for blatantly disregarding it. 
Hoosiers, head to the polls today.  this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
When it comes to love and kindness, puts it best.
We can't let all the progress we've made under be torn away by Donald Trump.Let's move forward—together.
When we stand together against the other side's hateful words, we all rise.
 In Indiana, Hillary Clinton is taking on the state's new, restrictive abortion law. 
Puerto Rico enfrenta una crisis económica y la persistente inacción del Congreso es irresponsable. Debemos actuar ya 
Paid family leave isn't a luxury. Families shouldn't have to choose between eating and caring for loved ones. 
Hillary ha demostrado que ella es la única candidata preparada para enfrentarse a desafíos y lograr resultados. 
Puerto Rico faces an economic crisis. Continued inaction from Congress is irresponsible. We should act now:  -H
If we're going to build strong communities and help our kids succeed, we need to respect working parents.
 After a long wait, the Republican-led Senate finally confirmed Roberta Jacobson as the new U.S. ambassador to Mexico 
"Let’s keep going together.Let’s organize and mobilize.Let’s make sure that love trumps hate." —Hillary
"We cannot let Barack Obama’s legacy fall into Donald Trump’s hands." —Hillary
"Systemic racism, inter-generational poverty, gun violence—these aren’t somebody else’s problems. These are our problems." —Hillary
Health care.Education.Criminal justice.Equal pay.Tackling racial injustice means tackling them all: 
We should be making it easier to vote, not harder. The attacks on voting rights have to end.
“Something’s wrong when so many black parents are burying their children.” —Hillary 
"Something’s wrong when the median wealth for black families is just a tiny fraction of that for white families." —Hillary
“Race still plays a significant role in determining who gets ahead in America and who gets left behind." —Hillary
“Let America ‘be that great strong land of love.’ That is more than poetry…that’s a prayer.” —Hillary quoting Langston Hughes
Watch live: Hillary addresses the 61st annual dinner in Detroit → 
This  let's celebrate the tremendous contributions from Asian Americans ; Pacific Islanders to our country. 
"She’s battle tested, she’s got a dirty uniform, and that’s who you want fighting for your kids’ future.” 
 Nice job last night. Aunt Hillary approves.  -H
 Teen pregnancy rate at all-time low. Despite Republican opposition, access to contraception ; sex education works. 
Donald Trump is closer than ever to clinching the GOP nomination. There's only one candidate who has more votes. 
Raise the minimum wage.Ensure paid leave.Protect union rights.If we want to raise incomes, we have to stand with workers. 
If standing up for women is playing the  
The  for women's rights is a card we'd play any day.
¿Crees que cuando sea presidenta, le van a pagar lo mismo que le pagarían si fuera un hombre?
There's a lot more that unites us than divides us.
If you see a bully, stand up to him. 
Lower wages! No paid family leave! Limited access to health care! Just some of the perks of your  
Estas son las promesas de Trump. Así podría ser su presidencia….
 Hillary Clinton calls Donald Trump's foreign policy views "quite concerning"   
Get your own  *does not include a 21% discount on your purchases. 
 The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee did the right thing by not rolling back the post 9/11 GI Bill. 
An entire deck of woman cards? Deal us in. 
What can we do to fight the Zika threat? Hillary answers on 
Trump says Hillary is just playing the “woman’s card.” Chip in today to play yours!  
Want one? Chip in now →  
The best part of these cards? Every dollar will make sure Trump never becomes president. Chip in now to get yours! 
 Presidential candidate How can we stop the spread of the Zika virus?  
 We can't afford a Trump presidency. This video will show you why. 
If you see bigotry, oppose it. If you see violence, condemn it. If you see a bully, stand up to him.
Conoce alguno de los logros de Hillary Clinton a través de los años. 
Want one? Chip in now:   
If fighting for women is "playing the  what card is Trump playing?
Hate isn't an American value. 
Fact: Donald Trump said women should be punished for seeking an abortion. 
Couldn't agree more, It's time for Republicans to address this threat:  -H 
 to 2008 when Hillary helped make emergency contraception available over the counter: 
 Does Donald Trump intimidate you?Hillary: No. 
Candidate Trump opposes equal pay, paid leave, and Planned Parenthood.President Trump? Same.
Capt. Kristen Griest is about to become the Army's first female infantry officer. Well done.  -H
"Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks." 
 Let's go out and win this election. Join us:  
Turning away Muslims, pitting Americans against each other, inciting violence and chaos—these aren't our values.
The U.S. has 5% of the world's women but nearly 30% of its women prisoners. The consequences are devastating. 
Yikes. 
Donald Trump's foreign policy isn't just offensive, it's dangerous.  
 Trump has said we "need unpredictability" with nuclear weapons. Hillary's response:   
So if fighting for women is playing the  well... 
Trump's rhetoric is just the beginning. He's dismissed equal pay. Wouldn't support paid family leave. Would defund Planned Parenthood.
Women still face too many barriers—a president shouldn't be part of the problem. Comments like Trump's set us back.
They might make flashy headlines, but Trump's comments aren't a joke. Hillary can handle these attacks. Millions of women shouldn't have to.
Last night, the " This morning, Trump said he "hasn't recovered" from Hillary's "shouting." Really? 
After a week of reports that Trump would change his tone heading into the general election, once again he's letting his true colors show.
 Donald Trump has a lot of ideas about foreign policy. The problem is that they're bad.  htt…
Donald Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric goes against everything we stand for. 
Civil rights and voting rights.Workers’ rights and women’s rights.Let's defend them all.
 Mass incarceration's impact on women and their families doesn't get the attention it deserves. -Hillary  
Fighting for women's health care, equal pay, and paid leave.Or as Donald Trump says, playing the "woman's card."
 Our fact-finding trip to Puerto Rico made it clear: We need emergency funding to fight Zika. Tell Congress to act: 
"That is how progress gets made: We have to be both dreamers and doers." —Hillary last night in PA 
Caught your speech, About that "woman's card"...
Imagine a tomorrow where hard work is honored, families are supported, communities are strong, and love trumps hate.
Thank you, Connecticut. 
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you've got her back. 
Thanks to you, victory is in sight. Pitch in $1, and let's go win this nomination: 
"Let’s go forward. Let’s win the nomination." —Hillary  
"Imagine a tomorrow where...love trumps hate.” —Hillary
“Imagine a tomorrow where instead of building walls, we’re breaking down barriers.” —Hillary 
“If fighting for women’s health care and paid family leave and equal pay is playing the ‘woman card,’ then deal me in.” —Hillary
Civil rights ; voting rights.Worker’s rights ; women’s rights.LGBT rights and rights for people with disabilities.Let's defend them all.
"We all agree that wages are too low and inequality is too high. That Wall Street can never again be allowed to threaten Main Street."
"We can build on a strong progressive tradition from Franklin Roosevelt to Barack Obama." —Hillary
“Whether you support Senator Sanders or you support me, there’s much more that unites us than divides us.” —Hillary
"Our campaign is about restoring people’s confidence in our ability to solve problems together" —Hillary
Americans are hungry for solutions. They don’t just want us to diagnose problems, they want us to solve them.
More than 1.1 million have donated.Chip in now to join this team: 
"We’re going to come back to Philadelphia...with the most votes and the most pledged delegates. We’ll unify our party to win this election.”
Watch live: Hillary speaks on tonight's primary results in Philadelphia. 
Tonight's wins belong to every organizer, volunteer, donor, and supporter who've built this campaign. Thank you. 
Vote by vote, state by state, this team is building something special. Thanks for believing. -H 
Pennsylvania! Thanks to everyone who made this possible. This win is yours. 
We did it, Delaware! 
Thank you, Maryland. 
Three answers from last night’s town hall that you should see: 
Love this. Great to see Chobani sharing its success with the employees who helped make it possible. -H 
Polls close soon in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI. Confirm where to go here, then head over:  
We are not a post-racial society. We still struggle with racism—and it's not only wrong, it's holding us back.
 These brutal murders are deplorable. Mannan's work on LGBT rights must carry on, and activists must be protected. 
If our leaders won't stand up to the gun lobby, we need to hold them accountable.
Live in CT, DE, MD, PA, or RI? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
Women deserve the same rights as men in every aspect of our economy and our society—at home and around the world.
It’s Primary Day in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI. If you’re with Hillary, add your name and make a plan to vote today: 
Primarias en Connecticut, Maryland, Pensilvania, Delaware y Rhode Island.   
We've heard way too much hateful rhetoric in this campaign.We need more love and kindness.
Voters in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI head to the polls today.  this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
America's gun violence epidemic is out of control. No more excuses—we need to act to save lives.
"I'm a feminist because I believe women deserve the same rights as men." —Hillary 
"As a white person, I have to talk about [racism] more. We are not a post-racial society." —Hillary to 
Eight-year-old Noah became part of Hillary's Secret Service detail this weekend. Here's how.
 "When barriers for women fall, the world becomes a better place for everyone."  
Connecticut, Maryland, Pensilvania, Delaware y Rhode Island.   
"Voters can count on her to bring that same passion for getting the job done to the White House." 
“She's more accomplished than any other candidate.”  
This might sound strange coming from a presidential candidate, but what we really need is more love and kindness.
In 1990, explorer and marine biologist Sylvia Earle became the first woman appointed chief scientist at 
"Ms. Clinton has advanced realistic, well thought out proposals."   
Editorial boards in Tuesday primary states are urging their readers to vote for Hillary Clinton. Here's why. 
Let's stand together to do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, for as long as we can.
"Everybody has a story. Everybody has a life worth dignity and protection."
La lucha por la cobertura médica a bajo costo lleva más de medio siglo y Hillary ha sido una líder por décadas. 
Not interested in endorsements from people who deny climate science and try to make it harder for people to vote. 
 Great to see taking on this "Donald Trump is becoming more Presidential" absurdity. 
When someone shows you who they are, believe them. Trump has shown us who he is.
Women gathered in Seneca Falls 170 years ago to demand suffrage. visited before voting for her mom. 
Uno no se intimida cuando se tienen que denunciar abusos a los derechos humanos.
 Hillary Clinton se ha comprometido a atender la situación del virus del Zika, especialmente en Puerto Rico.
  environmental justice fight will extend to Puerto Rico. Powerful tour of flooded 
Every child in America deserves clean air to breathe, clean water to drink, and a safe and healthy place to live. 
 Puerto Rico Zika fact-finding mission for WIC clinics educating ; providing kits for pregnant women 
Tenemos que actuar ahora para proteger a los puertorriqueños (del Zika), especialmente a las mujeres embarazadas. 
 Donald Trump is going to try to take Mitt Romney's "etch-a-sketch" approach to the general election. Don't let him.ht…
 We learned a lot from Dr. Rullan: how Zika has affected other parts of the world ; what early data is showing now. 
Does Trump think he can fool us into forgetting his hateful rhetoric? Sad! 
Zika has reached the U.S. and we can't wait any longer to act. Tell Congress to address this public health crisis: 
We all know Donald Trump says offensive things about women. Here's what he says about policies that benefit women.
 All children should live ; grow up in a healthy world. That’s why it's so important we  
Passover is a chance to gather with loved ones and recommit to fighting all forms of injustice. Chag sameach to those celebrating. -H
Para dejarle un mejor futuro a nuestros niños, tenemos que proteger el futuro de nuestro planeta.  
In ten years, we can generate enough renewable energy to power every home in America. 
 Trump saying awful things about women isn't the most offensive thing about him.His policies are.
 We need a leader who will deliver on Paris ; go further to cut emissions, install enough renewable energy to power every h…
 We celebrate  by signing a historic accord—one that will have unmatched impact on our environment ; society 
Proud of my friend for continuing to break down barriers to voting. -H 
The climate is changing.Republican policies aren't. if you agree we need to 
 Under Donald Trump, the pay gap would remain yuge. 
We need to act on Zika—fast. Add your name and tell Congress: approve emergency funding now to keep families safe. 
"It is not enough to be on the money. You need to be making the money." —Hillary on ensuring equal pay for women
Zika is a threat to public health ; we have to act now. Tell Congress to approve funding to address this crisis:  -H
Proud the U.S. is signing the Paris climate deal. What better way to celebrate Earth Day than taking action to help save our planet? -H
To make a better future for our kids, we've got to protect the future of our planet. Happy Earth Day. 
Conoce la historia de un gimnasio en Nueva York ayudando a concienciar sobre la encarcelación masiva. 
"To all the people who supported Sen. Sanders, I believe there's much more that unites us than divides us." —Hillary 
It isn't enough to just say we support equal pay for women. We have to do everything we can to make it a reality.
  Reflects On Passing w/    
"Once you've paid your debt to society, your voting rights should be returned immediately." —Hillary on
A few bad actors supply the vast majority of guns used in crimes. We need to stop them.  
Gun violence is an epidemic. We cannot become indifferent to these losses. 
"We have got to address the unequal effects of the criminal justice system on people of color." —Hillary on
If anything else killed 33,000 people per year, Congress would take action. It's time to  
In which Hillary reacts to Hillary skits on
 Hillary Clinton Talks Female Equality in 1988 Appearance    
Thank you, New York. Let's go win this nomination.
"Victory" never tasted so good. Thanks,
It's important that people are held accountable for water poisoning in Flint, but Congress needs to act now to help Flint families. -H
A fitting tribute yesterday for Susan B. Anthony, who fought to win women the right to vote: "I voted" stickers. 
"No more families should have to go through what we have."  daughter of Sandy Hook School principal
A woman, a leader, and a freedom fighter. I can't think of a better choice for the $20 bill than Harriet Tubman:  -H
Hillary Clinton luchará para los inmigrantes para que todos puedan salir adelante. 
 A homecoming, and a triumph, for Hillary Clinton in New York  
"Erica has turned her sorrow into a strategy and her mourning into a movement." —Hillary in New York last night
"Because of you, this campaign is the only one—Democrat or Republican—to win 10 million votes.” 
"New York is a place for dreaming big. But New Yorkers also like to get things done." —Hillary 
¡Esta victoria es de todos ustedes Nueva York! Muchas gracias por su apoyo. Unete a la campaña aquí → 
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you're with her tonight. 
“The motto of this state is ‘Excelsior’–ever upward. So let’s go out and win this election and all rise together.” 
New Yorkers speak every language, worship every faith, and hail from every continent. Our diversity is a strength, not a weakness.
Donald Trump ; Ted Cruz are pushing a vision for America that's divisive ; dangerous.We should be lifting people up—not tearing them down.
 It’s about lifting each other up, not tearing each other down. 
New York is a place to dream big—and we’re setting bold, progressive goals in this campaign. But New Yorkers also like to get things done.
“The race for the Democratic nomination is in the home stretch and our goal is in sight.” 
We did it, New York! Watch Hillary live: 
Start spreading the news. 
Tonight's victory belongs to everyone who worked hard to get out the vote. Sign up now to keep the momentum going. 
To our volunteers, organizers, and supporters who worked your hearts out in New York: This is your win. Thank you. 
Let's win this nomination. Chip in $3 to let Hillary know you've got her back all the way to the White House: 
Right back at you, New York. 
Thank you, New York. You put your faith in me 16 years ago and again tonight. I'll never stop fighting for you. -H 
 What's up to while New Yorkers vote? Check out liveblog to find out.  ht…
A couple of New Yorkers heading to the polls. 
Just a few hours left to vote in the NY primary. Confirm your polling place, then head over:  
¿Cómo funciona el sistema de delegados? Nuestro experto en delegados nos explica en esta entrevista. 
Just a few hours until polls close in New York. Get the latest from  on our live blog → 
If we have each other's backs and treat each other with kindness and respect, there's nothing we can't do.
Our country can't reach its potential unless we all do.
It's  in New York. Get all you need to know on our live blog:  
Go vote, New York. It'll only take you one try.   
First stop on New York primary day.   
We asked New Yorkers what they really think of Donald Trump.They didn’t hold back.  
New Yorkers head to the polls today.  this if you’re voting for Hillary. 
¡Alza tu voz! Encuentre dónde votar en Nueva York aquí →   
Go vote today, New York—Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place.
Every Republican presidential candidate would reverse executive actions on immigration.  
We don't all look the same, or sound the same, or worship the same—and that's one of America's biggest strengths.
 Stopped by an old favorite, in the  Read this:  
Push forward into the unknown, Watch Hillary on at 11:30pm ET. 
 7th stop of the day: HRC continues call for an end to the tipped wage at Colors restaurant in Noho 
 on Hillary: "One of the most broadly and deeply qualified presidential candidates in modern history." 
 “Hora de encaminar la ciudadanía plena e igualitaria y arreglar por fin nuestro quebrado sistema migratorio 
"She promised me to block the Constitutional amendment against gay marriage. And she did."  
It's time to create a path to full and equal citizenship and finally fix our broken immigration system.  -H
We need comprehensive immigration reform now. I'll propose legislation within my first 100 days as president. -H
I will protect President Obama's executive actions to keep these families together and go even further to bring more families relief. -H
Millions of families who call America home live in fear of being torn apart by deportation. Today, SCOTUS begins deciding their fate. -H
To everyone in Houston, please stay safe and avoid traveling. Our prayers are with you.  -H
Encuentre dónde votar en Nueva York aquí →    
No child should have to live in fear of losing her parents to deportation. 
 thanks for your work on this issue. Your zip code shouldn't determine your ability to access healthy, affordable food.
 New Yorkers know this better than anyone: Hillary has what it takes to be president. Text RECORD to 47246 to learn why.
"Anything is possible. Do not let where you come from dictate your life."How one New York school is changing lives: 
 WATCH: New York state senator twirls during Washington Heights block party: 
If we stand up for our values instead of turning to division and hate, there's nothing we can't do.
 Hartford Courant endorses Hillary Clinton in Connecticut Democratic presidential primary.  
 Make sure your friends in New York vote for Hillary on Tuesday. Send them a message with our friend finder: 
Nuestros corazones están con los ecuatorianos y las familias que perdieron a seres queridos en el terremoto de ayer.
Our hearts go out to the people of Ecuador and the families who lost loved ones from yesterday's earthquake. -H
A great day in East Harlem, in photos.  
 Meet three of the kids covered by the Children's Health Insurance Program, all grown up:  
 Your Sunday afternoon read: "In a word, Clinton"  endorses  
“Muchos neoyorquinos luchan por pagar la renta ... y las familias latinas y afroamericanas son las más afectadas”. 
 “I love you, New York! Go vote!” 
A new friend in Brooklyn.
"If a young man believes that he might be a senator or president...you don't have to tell them not to join a gang." 
About 90 people are killed by guns every day in America. We can't accept that as normal.  
Behind the scenes on the campaign with YouTube star
Latino households are more than twice as likely as white households to face severe housing cost burdens. 
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Hillary: She can envision a better world and take the steps to make that vision a reality. 
It's time for us to say, "enough is enough." We have to protect families, not the gun lobby.
Thinking of Boston as we remember the bombing 3 years ago. Your strength and resilience will always defeat acts of terror.  -H
 is right, Congress shouldn't cut GI Bill benefits. America should fulfill our commitment to our veterans.  -H
You can knock us down, but you can't keep us down.We're always getting up. We're always moving forward.
 Californians can save on taxes with the  building on the federal EITC that has helped millions of families: 
A quarter of renters in the U.S. spend more than half their income on rent. We need to make housing more affordable. 
In 1992, 75% of New York's prison population came from seven neighborhoods in NYC. is changing that.
If you thought last night's debate was competitive...
This couple lost their daughter in the Aurora shooting. Now, they have to pay the gun dealer's legal fees.
We need a president who will take action on gun violence and stand with victims' families against the gun lobby.
A typical woman working full-time is paid just 79% of what a man makes, but there's no discount for being a woman.
 Wage gap for NYC  is larger than the rest of the country. Time for   
"We have a presidential candidate by the name of Donald Trump saying that women should be punished." 
 Monday's guest has a lot of big ideas, and also several smaller ones. 
Sen. Sanders couldn't name a time donations influenced Hillary—because there are none.  (via 
 HRC joins a game of dominoes at a senior center in East Harlem 
 So proud of the many students taking part in the  today and fighting to end anti-LGBT bullying and h…
A record of results, from taking on the gun lobby to securing health care for millions of kids.  
Women's rights aren't a "distraction." They're at the heart of who we are—and we need to defend them. 
 New Yorkers know the I've known for 45 years—always asking “What can I do to make it better?” 
One candidate delivers catchy lines—the other delivers results. Add your name to say you're with Hillary:  
If we work together, we can change history. Chip in today and get your sticker:  
 if you're standing with Hillary tonight.  
"Together, we won't just make promises we can't keep—we'll deliver results that will improve the lives of the people of America." —Hillary
Southern Democratic voters matter just as much as every other Democratic voter. 
Donald Trump said women should be punished for seeking an abortion. That's not a distraction—it's a disgrace.
"We're never asked about [abortion]—this goes to who we are as women: our rights, autonomy, our ability to make our own decisions." —Hillary
Republican governors would have to fund one third of college plan. Not likely.  
No American should have to take out a loan to pay tuition at a public college. We should also help people with existing student debt.
At the  we agree we need universal health care. That’s why Hillary’s been fighting for it for 20+ years. 
We can’t afford a President Trump, Cruz, or Kasich. We need a leader on women's rights. 
With women's health under attack across the country, how is it possible that there hasn't been a single  question on it?
 Clinton to Sanders on Israel/Palestine: "Describing the problem is a lot easier than trying to solve it."  
 "Hillary Clinton is one of the most qualified candidates for the presidency in modern times.” Read our endorsement 
El planeta no puede esperar por una revolución política. Necesitamos soluciones prácticas para combatir el cambio climático. 
Four years as secretary of state—she's got a bit of experience on foreign policy.  
The planet can't wait for a political revolution. We need real solutions to fight climate change now.  
"It's easy to diagnose the problem. It's harder to do something about the problem." —Hillary on combating climate change 
We need a president who will always put families above the gun lobby. 
Todos los niños merecen una educación de alta calidad no importa su origen étnico, los ingresos de su familia o donde vivan. 
You voted for the bill.   
Every child, no matter his or her race, income, or ZIP code, should be guaranteed a high-quality education. 
We have to tackle systemic racism and fix our broken criminal justice system.  
 Full text: Hillary Clinton's speech on criminal justice reform  
 The biggest effort in years to stem the flow of guns onto the black market ended with the bill Sanders helped pass 
There's only one candidate on stage who thinks gun makers should be held accountable for gun deaths.  
How is it possible that it's easier to sue a toy maker for endangering your child than a gun maker? 
33,000 people die every year in this country from guns. 90 each day. 1,000 shot a year in New York City. That's not acceptable. Full stop.
 We're still waiting on that answer, 
Also saved by that vote: millions of jobs, the economy, and the auto industry.  
 Two answers on Wall Street.  
Democrats agree we need to hold big banks accountable—but Hillary's the only candidate who never voted to reduce oversight on Wall Street.
It's easy to say you'll fix Wall Street—it's harder to actually do it. Hillary has a plan to get it done.  
Sen. Sanders talks a lot about stopping special interests for someone who's voted with the NRA over and over again. 
"Sen. Sanders did call me unqualified. I've been called a lot of things in my life—that was a first." —Hillary 
 if you're cheering on Hillary tonight.  
Before Hillary takes the  stage, check out her record of results: 
 to Hillary in a 2000 debate. Tune in for tonight's  at 9:00 p.m. ET.
¡El  es hoy! Envía LATINOS al 47246 para que Hillary sepa que estás con ella.
"I’ve been called many things by many people. 'Quitter' is not one of them."   
 A beautiful sea of blue!  
You don't make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great.Watch CNN at 9pm ET. 
La situación del virus del Zika es urgente. Tenemos que invertir ahora para desarrollar una vacuna y tratamiento. 
Donald Trump's made the most reckless statements on national security by any major candidate in modern history: 
 Here's a hint at why the may have endorsed Hillary.  
“Ella puede unir a personas de cada comunidad y pienso que continuará haciendo eso”. 
This is urgent. We need to invest in a vaccine and treatment now. My heart goes out to parents impacted by Zika.  -H
Donald Trump says wages are too high. Really? Hardworking Americans don't think so.  
Environmental justice isn't just a public health issue—it's a civil rights issue. 
Southerners’ votes count as much as everyone else’s—whether you won them or not. 
"Hillary Clinton luchará por nosotros". —Tom Perez
Durante décadas de servicio al país Hillary logró resultados, especialmente para las familias. Conoce 7 de ellos. 
“Speaking is hard for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.” 
Clean air shouldn't be a luxury in America.  
  on smart tax proposal: "It will save Americans time and money"  h…
American women are 11 times more likely to be murdered by a gun than in any other developed nation:  
"Every child and every family in America deserves clean air to breathe, clean water to drink and a safe and healthy place to live." —Hillary
Hillary's environmental justice plan would eliminate lead as a major public health threat within 5 years: 
“What happened in Flint would never have happened in a wealthy, white suburb of Detroit.” —Hillary
We need to break down every barrier holding families back—and that includes environmental barriers. 
Tune in to watch Hillary speak at on her plan to fight for environmental justice: 
Even in states with strict gun laws, illegal weapons are often just a bus ride away. We have to fix this: 
“New York Democrats...have in Clinton a superprepared warrior realist.”  endorsing Hillary: 
 How would you go about breaking up a bank under current law? Just ask   h…
 means it's taken this long into 2016 for women, on average, to catch up to what men made in 2015. 
There’s no discount for being a woman—yet women are still paid less. Myths on the wage gap, debunked:  
 "I want my son’s life to be better than the life I had...That’s why I stand with Hillary Clinton."
It's not like women get charged less than men for groceries.We need to ensure equal pay.
 New report from NYC Public Advocate NYC women earn about $5.8 billion less than men each yr 
We've made progress on equal pay—but our work isn't done. Our next president needs to keep leading the fight for it. 
 Since Riley helped launch Hillary's campaign, she’s moved to a new neighborhood—and turned a "whole hand" old.
Reminder for Republican legislators in PA: Every woman should be free to make her own health care decisions. 
 Tomorrow's front pag Editorial Board endorses for N.Y. primary  
 Paying men and women equally would add $4.3 trillion to the U.S. economy  
 Side-by-side: Clinton vs. Bernie talking about the MetLife "Too-Big-to-Fail" case. 
 Paid leave is critical to closing gender wage gap. Thanks ; for paving the way in CA! 
Women lose out on every paycheck—and women of color feel it the most. It’s time to close the pay gap.  
 "We’ve come a long way. We still have a long way to go, but we’re getting there. And we’ll get there with Hillary."
The average woman makes just $0.79 for every $1 a man earns. if you agree we have to fix that.  
From one Iowa road trip to a campaign that's millions strong: here's what we’ve built together in the past year. 
Women earn just $0.79 for every $1 men do. It's worse for women of color. Let's close that gap.  -H
One year ago today.
“Do you think that when you’re president, you’ll be paid as much as a man?” 
We can't afford a President Trump, Cruz, or Kasich. If you agree, get your sticker →  
 Join the conversation. Glassdoor Roundtable on Pay Equality w/   
A majority of Americans (and gun owners) support steps to reduce gun violence. if you're one of them.
We can't accept this as "normal." It's time to help stop gun violence:  
 We can't mistake progress for success. We’re with Flint as long as it takes to address the city’s water crisis 
If toy companies are held accountable for endangering our kids, gun makers should be too. Let's end their immunity. 
We can protect our Second Amendment rights AND take commonsense steps to prevent gun violence. It’s just a question of whether we choose to.
33,000 Americans die from gun violence each year. No other developed country comes close.  
Our next president should always prioritize families' safety over the NRA. 
We need a leader who will bring us together—not drive us apart. 
Hard choices. 
Donald Trump says we can solve America’s problems by turning against each other. He's dead wrong.
Hillary talked with about being a wonk, standing up to bullies, and some great advice for flying. 
Scary.  
"I told my oncologist that I have to be there in November to cast my ballot."
Happy birthday to a personal hero,
Thank you for your support, 
Every American deserves to live free from discrimination—no matter who they are or who they love.
 She's always been a show stopper. Thanks to for taking  to the next level.  
"No one is better prepared to help our working families."  first lady of New York City 
Donald Trump says wages are too high. (Yeah, you read that right.)
It's not just Trump: Every Republican presidential candidate has attacked women's health and rights. 
Wouldn't be a Brooklyn campaign stop without a visit to 
If you read one thing today, make it this.  by 
We’ve earned more votes than any other candidate—Republican or Democrat.  
Some say we can solve America’s problems by turning against each other. We know better.
"I will stand my ground against any efforts to undermine our country or set us back." —Hillary 
✓ Stood up for 9/11 first responders✓ Protected families' health✓ Fought for kids' education And more: 
"Right to Work" is wrong for America. Great news in WI—we should stand with workers in the fight for their rights. 
Solo una candidata tiene más votos que Donald Trump.  
We can't sit back while politicians make it virtually impossible for women to access the health care they need. 
“I’ve been called a lot of things over the years, but ‘unqualified’ has not been one of them.” —Hillary
How much more money would you have if you didn’t have student loan debt?  
 We as Mayors must call out discrimination when we see it,  individually ; collectively. 
 stopped by the office. We interviewed her:  
 Excited to host the Glassdoor Roundtable on Pay Equality with   
 Bernie Sanders says Hillary Clinton called him "unqualified."Nope.
Fighting for women and girls for 40 years and counting.
Agree? Get your free sticker: 
 Seems like a good time to re-up this.  
"Gay rights are human rights."Watch how Hillary helped advance gay rights around the world as secretary of state.
Still wondering if Hillary's qualified to be president? Good thing there's this handy quiz to give us the answer! 
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." 
"Clinton is one of the brightest people in Congress ; she would be an excellent choice” —Sen. Sanders on Hillary as Sec. of State, Nov. 2008
"Knowledgeable""Prepared""Qualified"What newspapers around the country are saying about Hillary. 
"She is the best qualified person for this moment in history I've ever seen." 
Hillary worked to expand health care for millions of children: 
Thanks, Pittsburgh. It was an unqualified delight.  
"Voters have the chance to choose one of the most broadly and deeply qualified presidential candidates in...history" 
There's only one candidate in this race with more votes than Donald Trump.  
We need a president who can bring people together.Hate and bigotry have no place in America.
Only one Democratic candidate has voted for the NRA's "most important piece of legislation in 20 years."You. 
Women should be paid equally to men. Period. Thanks for leading the fight on paycheck fairness, -H 
 Bernie Sanders forgot one big detail about his plan to break up the banks.
 prioritized gun manufacturers' rights over the parents of the children killed at Sandy Hook.
 remember, any hateful comments are just noise compared to your voice for change. With you in the fight to stop gun violence. -H
 Democrats cannot nominate a candidate who believes that toy gun makers should be held to a higher legal standard than re…
Refusing to serve LGBT people because of who they are is discrimination. End of story. 
We need a president who doesn’t just rail against trade. We need a president who knows how to compete against the rest of the world and win.
 "Hard working Americans deserve a president with a real plan to create jobs."  
My message to every American worker is this: I will stand with you, I will have your back. 
“It’s time for more businesses to start treating workers as assets to be invested in, not costs to be cut.” -Hillary
We need to drive a manufacturing renaissance in this country. Here’s how we’ll do that: 
"'Right to Work' is wrong for workers and wrong for America.” -Hillary on her opposition to restricting workers' rights
Unions helped build the greatest middle class in history. They continue to do that today by leading the fight to 
“If you do your part, you and your family should be able to get ahead and stay ahead.” -Hillary to the
Watch live: Hillary speaks to the in Philadelphia on how we can help more American workers succeed: 
Instead of absurd and offensive proposals to build a wall, let's fight for comprehensive immigration reform. 
Glad to hear Pfizer is calling off the merger. We need to close the loopholes that let corporations escape paying their taxes. -H
It is legal to pay workers with disabilities less than the minimum wage.Let's end that:  
 If by "ambition," he means "the large majority of Democratic voters..." 
El "plan" de Trump para que México pague por el muro es ridículo, ofensivo y castigaría a familias. No es correcto. 
If you’re with Hillary, now’s the time to say so. Chip in $1, and let's go win this nomination. 
Congrats to on winning Wisconsin. To all the voters and volunteers who poured your hearts into this campaign: Forward! -H
Trump's "plan" to make Mexico pay for a wall is ridiculous, offensive, and would punish kids ; families. It's wrong. 
 Hillary✔️ has supported a $15 min wage in NY/CA ✔️ has fought for a federal raise for years h…
We're going to make paid family leave the law of the land. Glad to see New York and San Francisco leading the way. 
Hillary in 1995: Raising the minimum wage is the right thing to do.Hillary in 2016: Still true.
This is it, Wisconsin—just a few more hours to vote for Hillary. Confirm your polling place here:  and head over now!
Women deserve a president who'll stand up for our rights—and against Republican attempts to restrict health access and criminalize doctors.
Proud NY is leading on paid leave—but your ability to make ends meet shouldn't depend on what state you live in. 
It’s 2016. The days of dismissing the pay gap as a "women's issue" are over. 
When you shortchange women, you shortchange all of us. We need to close the pay gap once and for all. 
Minimum wage earners are disproportionately women of color. Raising it would help millions of families. 
It's time to tear down the barriers that are holding too many women back. Watch Hillary's town hall in Brooklyn: 
Make sure your friends in Wisconsin vote for Hillary today! Send them a message with our friend finder: 
 "It is like falling in love all over again," says of being a grandma.   
We need to make college more affordable. Relying on Republican governors like isn't the way to do it.
 It's not just Trump attacking women's health: Republicans in PA are trying to criminalize abortion. Shameful. 
 The just took a strong step to crack down on corporate inversions. It follows Hillary's tough plan: 
Wisconsin: Go vote today! Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
We should all be able to get time off to care for a newborn baby or sick spouse. It's time to guarantee paid leave.
“I miss my son more than I can convey...I will never stop fighting for justice. Neither will Hillary Clinton.” 
It’s Primary Day, Wisconsin! Retweet if you’re heading to the polls and voting for Hillary. 
How can you stop and the GOP's attacks on education and women's rights?Vote:  
 Hillary has earned the most votes ✓When more people vote, Hillary wins ✓Get the facts on where this race stands: ht…
Born on this day in 1928, Maya Angelou’s voice holds a powerful place in the ongoing fight for justice. 
48 years ago, we lost a giant in the fight for equality. Let’s honor Dr. King and keep bending the arc of the moral universe toward justice.
Raising the minimum wage will help millions of families around the country—especially women:  
Hillary Clinton cree que la educación es la clave para salir adelante. Lee el artículo. 
 48 yrs ago today, my friend, my brother, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was shot and killed in Memphis, TN. The light of his…
Hardworking Americans deserve a raise. It’s time to increase the minimum wage:  
Donald Trump says that wages are too high, but we know better. Americans deserve a raise. 
If we care about working families, we should make it easier to work and have a family. 
In our democracy, every one of our voices should count. Glad the Supreme Court affirmed this fundamental right. 
New York is about to  and expand paid leave.Watch Hillary and speak at the bill signing. 
No student should have to borrow money to pay tuition at a public college. Here's how we can achieve that: 
Hillary’s plan to make college more affordable won't depend on billions upfront from GOP governors like Scott Walker
You should never have to choose between your paycheck and taking care of your family.  
We need to make it easier to balance work and family. 
A retired auto worker on why she’s for Hillary: “I like her strength even though she went through some challenges.” 
Nueva York le dio una oportunidad a Hillary de ser su senadora. Ella luchó por ellos y estos fueron los resultados. 
Pre-game pep talk in Syracuse.
 "Hillary has always delivered for New York. Both as first lady and as senator.”  
We can't let Republican governors get in the way of affordable college. Read Hillary's plan: 
Watch welcome Hillary to Harlem with the national anthem. Work.
 If you live in Wisconsin,  Bernie Sanders' "free college" plan probably wouldn't apply to you. Here's why.
"Es una amiga nuestra de mucho antes y de siempre". —Congresista Luis Gutiérrez sobre Hillary Clinton
 “Do you trust Donald Trump with our military?”Hillary: “Of course not.” 
“You’ve always had my back, and I’ve always tried to have yours.”  
Picked up this necklace at a great women-owned shop in Madison, WI. Looks like they've got fans in New York, too. -H 
From Super Tuesday to "Live at the Apollo." March, in photos.  
Trump's attacks on women's health are just as bad as the rest of the GOP candidates'.  
Candidates who support the assault on women's rights have no business being president. 
14.4 million new jobs—and 11 other numbers that show how far we’ve come under  
 See Make It In America plan to create good manufacturing jobs nationwide—just like she did in NY: 
 Women's constitutional rights are under assault from every Republican candidate in this race. Watch:
 Clinton on Trump's abortion comments: Republicans are embarrassed he said what they believe  ht…
Every Republican candidate wants to ban abortion, and their frontrunner said he'd punish women seeking it. 
Now that's what we call  Thanks, -H 
Some are claiming we can solve America’s problems by building walls and turning against each other.We know better.
We can’t afford to let this agenda into the White House. (via 
 The Amsterdam News endorses for president 
Our diversity and willingness to change have been making America great for decades. 
Let’s keep fighting for the safety, respect, and full equality for all trans people.  
Still nothing from Congress to help the people of Puerto Rico. Time for action on the debt crisis that preserves PR's self-government.
Chip in $1 and get this sticker if you agree: We can’t afford a President Trump. 
En el día de  honramos un luchador del movimiento laboral quien empoderó a trabajadores por todo el país.
On  we honor a champion of the American labor movement who empowered workers everywhere. 
 Historic moment. Proud of the strength of this team.   
Wouldn’t want to face these women on the field or in the courtroom. Every woman deserves equal pay. 
 Women's health is a serious issue. Our next president should see it that way.
 said women should be punished for having an abortion.We can't let him be president.
  Snapchat game is 👌🏽 
Yet another idea from that's ignorant, reckless, and frankly absurd. Sad! 
At this point, Donald Trump has insulted the vast majority of Americans. The good news is, there's something we can all do about it: Vote.
Every woman—regardless of income or zip code—deserves access to health care. If you don't get that, you have no business being president.
Women, especially low-income women and women of color, are already being punished by GOP-led efforts to stigmatize and restrict health care.
Remember: If you make abortion a crime, you make women who seek abortions criminals. You put one in three women at risk.
The fact is, Trump isn't that different from every other Republican candidate who would also outlaw abortion.
Even by his impossibly low standards, suggestion that women be punished for seeking abortion is abhorrent.
Maya Angelou said: "When people show you who they are, believe them." Trump can try to walk back his words, but we heard him loud and clear.
We can’t let someone with this much contempt for women’s rights anywhere near the White House.
Just when you thought it couldn't get worse. Horrific and telling. -H  
Let’s have each other’s backs, lift each other up, and break down all the barriers holding us back.
When a candidate for president says we can solve America’s problems by building walls and discriminating, New Yorkers know better.
New York is home to 20 million people. We don’t all look the same. We don’t all sound the same or worship the same, but we pull together.
Our next president has to be just as passionate about defending our people and our country as about fixing our economy.
"We need a president who will help break down all the barriers holding Americans back, not just some." -Hillary
"This is NY. Nobody dreams bigger than we do. But this is a city that likes to get things done. That’s what we want from our president too."
Some folks may have the luxury to hold out for “the perfect.” But a lot of Americans are hurting right now and they can’t wait for that.
"Isn’t it time to finally guarantee equal pay for the work women do?” -Hillary 
"New Yorkers have always believed that if you work hard and you do your part, you should be able to get ahead and stay ahead." -Hillary
 "New Yorkers took a chance on me and I will never forget that. You’ve always had my back, and I’ve always tried to have y…
So far we’ve received nearly 9 million votes—more than a million more than Donald Trump and 2.5 million more than Senator Sanders.
Any candidate seriously competing to be president should seriously campaign everywhere. That’s what we’ve done.
Live at the Hillary's speaking now about the values that make New York—and America—great: 
Enough is enough. It's time to take a stand against Republican leaders' obstruction and recklessness. 
The choice: Hillary is standing up to the NRA. Senator Sanders voted with them.  
When in Wisconsin. 
Senate Republicans are ignoring the voices of 65 million Americans who voted to re-elect Barack Obama.    
(The "F" doesn't stand for "friends") 
"Donald Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear... he is pitting Americans against each other."
 decision rightfully leaves in place protections for workers and unions—and is a reminder that our values are at stake on SCOTUS.
“I refuse to sit on the sidelines while more children die.” 
 Congrats to these amazing  You inspire us with your daily work for tolerance, peace and justice. 
"Every day, another Republican bemoans the rise of Donald Trump... but [he] didn’t come out of nowhere." —Hillary
We can’t let Donald Trump anywhere near the Supreme Court. 
65 million Americans voted to re-elect He’s nominated a SCOTUS Justice as the Constitution requires. 
Tenemos que resolver la crísis económica de Puerto Rico ahora. Gracias por levantar tu voz 
Voters elected He did his job and gave us a Time for Senate Republicans to do theirs.
Raising CA's minimum wage to $15 is a big win for workers and  organizers. I applaud CA and other states' work to raise wages. -H
 Just another reason why this election matters... 
Add your name to tell Senate Republicans:  and hold a hearing on Supreme Court nominee. 
Last June,  ruled that marriage equality was the law of the land. 
In 1982,  ruled that undocumented children had the right to go to school. 
In 1977,  paved the way for public sector unions. 
In 1973,  ruled that women have the right to make intimate health decisions for ourselves. 
In 1954,  held that separate is not equal in our schools. 
At our best, America has united behind the ideal that everyone deserves a fair shot. At its best, the Supreme Court has defended that ideal.
Donald Trump didn’t come out of nowhere—what Republicans have sown with their extremist tactics, they're now reaping with Trump's candidacy.
"Ask yourselves: what kind of justice would a President Trump appoint? Or for that matter, what kind of Attorney General?" —Hillary
“I will appoint justices...who will protect a woman’s right to choose, rather than billionaires’ right to buy elections." —Hillary
"If SCOTUS doesn’t overturn Citizens United, I’ll fight for a Constitutional amendment to limit influence of money in elections." —Hillary
The idea that money is speech turns our Constitution upside down. Wealth shouldn’t be privileged in the courts—it should have no privilege.
In a single term,  could demolish virtually every pillar of progressivism. This is a make-or-break moment. 
"Today, I’m adding my voice to the chorus asking Senator Grassley to step up and do his job. He should hold a hearing." —Hillary 
"We chose a president—twice. Now Republicans are acting like those votes didn’t count, and isn’t still our nation’s leader." —Hillary
"As one of the more than 65 million Americans who voted to re-elect Barack Obama, I’d say my voice is being ignored." —Hillary
Senator says we should wait for a new president to pick a Justice because “the American people shouldn’t be denied a voice.”
The ideological bent of the Supreme Court has led our country in the wrong direction—stacking the deck in favor of the wealthy and powerful.
Watch live as Hillary speaks on the future of the Supreme Court in Madison, WI: 
Every American deserves a fair shot at success. Time to resolve the Puerto Rican debt crisis. Thanks, 
Updates from HQ, the campaign trail, and Hillary—straight to your phone. 
The next president could have the power to change the course of our judicial system for generations to come. 
“It's time we stand up to the gun lobby and stand with parents who have lost their children to gun violence.” 
My prayers are with the victims of the horrific Easter Day attack in Lahore. Pakistan and all nations must confront ; defeat terrorists. -H
We can open the door to every person in this country again.
Hillary received two memorable gifts during a meeting with Puyallup tribal leaders. 
 Voter discrimination undermines our democracy. Watch these stories from N.C. voters. It’s time to  
Here’s what you should know about the crisis in child care costs—and the one candidate who’s got a plan to fix it. 
"All of us have a responsibility to ourselves, to our children, to each other."
To those celebrating, I wish you a season full of love, hope, and renewal. Happy Easter! -H
We can win this nomination, but Hillary needs everyone on this team to do it. Chip in to say you’ve got her back: 
What happened in North Carolina is the latest reminder that the fight for LGBT equality is far from over. 
"Tenemos que actuar en contra del virus Zika ahora." —Hillary 
We need a president who will make comprehensive immigration reform a top priority and keep families together. 
When Republican candidates demonize Muslim Americans, it’s wrong, counterproductive, and dangerous. 
 Politicians should not interfere with women's health care—in Indiana, Florida, or anywhere else.
Make sure your friends in AK, HI, and WA caucus for Hillary today! Send them a message with our friend finder: 
It’s Caucus Day, Alaska, Hawaii, and Washington! Retweet if you're with her. 
We face serious challenges around the world. We need serious leadership. 
The top 25 hedge fund managers make more than all of the kindergarten teachers in America combined. That’s not acceptable.
 Republicans have made it clear: their response to terror would be reckless, dangerous, and wrong.
“Clinton not only has the experience and achievements…but a commitment to social justice.”  
 Kudos to State AGs for fighting to relieve defrauded Corinthian students ; standing up against predatory for-profits 
When it comes to terrorism, we know what doesn’t work (bluster and bigotry) and what does (steady leadership). 
 "I'm going to help you win this election no problem. Are you familiar with mansplaining?"
"The clear and urgent choice is Hillary Clinton."  
There's one candidate who's ready to be Commander-in-Chief on Day One. 
 Vets and pros agree: Torture isn't who we are, doesn't work, makes our troops ; nation less secure.  htt…
We need a president who will provide leadership that’s strong, smart, and steady. The last thing we need are leaders who incite more fear.
Black students are 16% of student populations but are subjected to school-related arrests 31% of the time. 
Heartbroken ; angry at this Flint report. Unconscionable failure of leadership. Snyder should be held to account.  -H
LGBT people should be protected from discrimination under the law—period.  -H
“Four boys shot my son dead on Christmas Eve." A moment backstage with a mom who lost her son to gun violence.
Army Captain Humayun Khan, a Muslim American serving in Iraq, was 27 when he saved the lives of his entire unit.
TB still ravages communities around the world—and here. Let's invest in treatment and prevention of this disease.  -H
A small change made by Hillary during her tenure as secretary of state had a big impact for transgender Americans. 
Fighting for quality, affordable child care is not new for Hillary. Check out this clip from 1995.
Our delegate lead is strong, but Hillary’s counting on you to win this nomination. Join the live training → 
This isn't who we are, and it also isn't how we keep America safe. 
We face serious challenges in the world—but we won't turn on each other, our allies, or our principles. 
Six years in, the ACA has brought us closer than ever to making sure every American has access to health care. 
When she needed emergency surgery, Obamacare saved her life. Let’s build on six years of progress—not start over.
In our fight against radical jihadism, we have to do what actually works. What doesn't work: Islamophobic rhetoric.
America needs strong, smart, steady leadership. The last thing we need are leaders who incite more fear. 
Women deserve birth control coverage no matter where they work. Bosses shouldn't get to interfere. 
 ACA at 6 yrs: 20M insured, no more coverage denials, costs down. 72 months of job growth. A lasting achievement:  
"Would you mind if I tell your story?" How the Affordable Care Act made a difference for Joanne's family.
We face serious challenges in the world—but Americans will not turn on each other, turn on our allies, or turn away from our principles.
"If I’m president, the United States will not condone or practice torture anywhere in the world." —Hillary in CA
When Republican candidates like Ted Cruz call for treating American Muslims like criminals, it’s not just wrong—it’s counter-productive.
In our fight against radical jihadism, we have to do what actually works. What doesn't work: offensive rhetoric that demonizes all Muslims.
America should not be shutting our doors to orphans or applying religious tests for people fleeing persecution. That’s not who we are.
"If Mr. Trump gets his way, it'll be like Christmas in the Kremlin. It will make America less safe and the world more dangerous." —Hillary
Slogans aren’t a strategy. Loose cannons tend to misfire. What America needs is strong, smart, steady leadership.
"We can’t let fear stop us from doing what’s necessary to keep us safe—nor let it push us into reckless actions that make us less safe."
Hillary has a three-part plan to defeat ISIS in the Middle East, around the world, and here at home. 
"We need to rely on what actually works, not bluster that alienates our partners and doesn’t make us any safer." —Hillary in CA
Watch live: Hillary speaks about how we will defeat terrorism, stand up to hate, and keep America safe → 
We live in a complex and dangerous world. We need leadership that’s strong, smart, and steady.
 On today's  anniversary, read my post about why it's a "A Landmark Law for People with Disabilities" 
We can be strong and smart without advocating torture or bigotry. 
This isn't just a contest between candidates—it's between fundamentally different views of our values.
The ACA is on the line in this election. We won’t let it be repealed or start from scratch. We’ll expand until we hit universal coverage. -H
Thanks to millions of Americans have the health care they need—and thanks to Democrats, this law is still standing. -H
Six years ago, the ACA became law—one of the greatest progressive accomplishments of this century. Now, more than 20 million are covered. -H
In the face of terror, America doesn’t panic or build walls or turn our back on our allies. This is time for us to lead, not cower.
We need a president who can provide leadership that’s strong, smart, and steady. The last thing we need are leaders who incite more fear.
This isn't just a contest between candidates—it's between fundamentally different views of our country, our values, and our future.
"Thank you to all the wonderful volunteers who are working so hard for our campaign. You’re knocking down barriers." —Hillary in WA
Text ImWithHer to 47246 to let Hillary know you’re on her team, all the way to the White House. 
Are you with Hillary? Chip in $1, and let's go win this nomination. 
Thank you, Arizona! 
Idahoans and Utahns: Go caucus today! Text WHERE to 47246 to find your caucus location. 
Make sure your friends in AZ, ID, ; UT vote or caucus for Hillary today! Send them a message with our friend finder: 
Idaho and Utah: Join thousands of your neighbors at the caucuses tonight! Confirm where to go here: 
Muslim Americans: this is your country, too. These kinds of proposals are dangerous, hateful, and beneath us. 
If we want our kids to succeed at school, let’s make sure their families can at home. That means tackling education and economic reform.
Go vote today, Arizona—Hillary's counting on you! Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
Our education system is failing the most vulnerable—and that hurts all of us. 
Live in Arizona? Join thousands of your neighbors at the polls today! Confirm where to go here: 
Every family deserves access to clean, safe water—no matter where they live.  
Miss your chance to hang with Hillary last time? Enter to meet her (and George Clooney!): 
Confirma en dónde puedes votar aquí →   
We can be strong and smart without advocating torture or bigotry. We will not let fear dictate our foreign policy.
Caucus today, Idaho and Utah! Retweet if you're with her. 
Arizona, go vote today! Retweet to let everyone know you’re with her. 
These terrorists seek to undermine the democratic values that are the foundation of our way of life. They will never succeed. -H
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed and wounded, and all the people of Belgium. -H
"Clinton has the better overall experience [and] grasp on the broad range of issues.”  
 asked: Do you think it's sexist when you're told to smile or stop yelling?
"I want to get comprehensive immigration reform. And I want to start trying to get it as soon as I'm elected, if I'm so fortunate." —Hillary
"I want to stop the raids and the round-ups. I don't believe we should be breaking up families and deporting mothers and fathers." —Hillary
"Barack Obama is our president. He has a constitutional responsibility to fill [the Supreme Court] vacancy. He has exercised it." —Hillary
"I ask the Senate to do their duty. It's time for them to quit the partisan posturing and receive the [Supreme Court] nominee." —Hillary
Confirma en dónde puedes votar aquí →   
This primary is being decided state by state. Help Hillary win in three easy (seriously, easy) steps: 
Young people should be able to see teaching as a profession that’s both noble and sustainable. 
Lo que opina una señora de 100 años sobre la elección presidencial. 
We need to pay our teachers like the future of our country is in their hands—because it is.
  stands ready to tear apart an America that was built on values like decency, community, and concern f…
One million people have donated to help elect Hillary, and a majority of those donations were $100 or less. 
 The post-9/11 GI Bill is under attack, but won't stand for it. Once again, she's there for us.  
Here’s what happened when a strong Bernie Sanders supporter asked Hillary a question at a town hall: 
“Speaking is hard for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.” 
"The question is, can we make it so that America works for everybody who's willing to work?" 
Shirley was born before women had the right to vote. She's seen a lot—and now she wants to see a woman president. 
"Her first instinct is always to ask, 'What can I do to make it better?'" 
Newspapers from Miami to Portland agree: Hillary is the best choice to be the Democratic nominee. 
It’s clearer than ever that this may be the most consequential election of our lifetimes. 
“She is one of the most experienced people to ever run for president.”  
This campaign is powered by more than 1 million people who’ve donated to elect Hillary. 
Congratulations Air Force General Lori Robinson—America's first female combatant commander. 
 Why Zika matters. Zika can cause devastating birth defects ; heartbreak. knows US must prepare NOW: 
Hillary Clinton ha luchado por la reforma migratoria por años—y no va a parar ahora. Ve el video:
We’ve got to step up as a country and deal with this. The time to take action against the Zika virus is right now. 
A super quick update on the Democratic primary race: 
I’m grateful for what we’ve built. We have a tough fight ahead with stakes that couldn’t be higher. Join in:  -H
I'm incredibly grateful that people are giving what they can afford—94% of donations are $100 or under. -H
I'm told the number just ticked over: As of a few minutes ago, 1,000,000 people have pitched in to be a part of this campaign. Thank you. -H
Empezar y manejar un negocio pequeño debería ser más fácil.
Donald Trump isn’t who we are. We’re better than this. 
Nearly a million people have chipped in to power this campaign. Here's why:  
Are you with Hillary? So are they ⬇️ Enter for a chance to meet Hillary, George, and Amal at the Clooneys' home. 
While the other candidates "seem downright terrified of the gun lobby, Hillary seems fearless."  
Hate isn't an American value. Division isn't something to be glorified. We can’t let Trump be our next president.
No es una coincidencia que sus palabras hayan resultado en tantos actos odiosos. 
"An extraordinary power is unleashed when women reach out to their neighbors and find common ground."
The balance of the Supreme Court hinges on this election. Here’s what’s at stake: 
It's 2016. Every student should have access to computer science classes.
Climate change, education, equal pay—a mathematician and a scientist from Florida share what they voted for: 
Trump is fanning the flames of chaos and violence. That's not leadership—it’s dangerous.  
Hillary es una líder que va a luchar para todos. Ella tiene la experiencia y la dedicación para liderar el país.
High 5. 
Congress shouldn't block states from giving families information about their food—glad the senate stopped this bill. 
 Heartless and harmful for Congress to even consider denying Child Tax Credit to working poor immigrant families. 
 What’s it like to campaign in FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH for Good days with great people.  
We’re not going to succeed by dividing this country between “us” and “them.” We’re in this together.
Los seis mejores momentos del discurso de Hillary Clinton. 
Statement on President Obama's nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court: 
We did it.To every volunteer, supporter, and donor who worked your heart out: Thank you. Let's do this. 
Florida, North Carolina, Ohio, Illinois, Missouri: We did it. And together, we're going to win this nomination. 
Text ImWithHer to 47246 to tell Hillary you're by her side all the way to the White House.
Love you back, Illinois. 
Our next president has to bring our country together.
Let everyone know that you’re prouder than ever to stand with Hillary. Chip in $10 to get a limited-edition button → 
If you knocked on doors, talked to your friends, pitched in, or voted—tonight is your victory. Thank you. -H 
"If we lift each other up instead of tearing each other down, there’s nothing we can’t accomplish together." —Hillary in FL
To be be great, we can’t be small.  We can’t lose what made America great in the first place.
Our next president has to bring our country together. We should be breaking down barriers, not building walls.
We’re going to stand up for American workers and make sure no one takes advantage of us—not China, Wall Street, or over-paid executives.
Hard-working Americans deserve a president with both the ideas and the know-how to create good jobs with rising incomes here in the U.S.
"Making differences in people’s lives comes first because Americans everywhere are hungry for solutions." —Hillary in FL
Thank you, Ohio. 
There's never been a more important time to have Hillary's back. Add your name to help secure the nomination: 
The results are in: We won North Carolina! 
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you’re ready to win this nomination together.
This is big. We just won Florida! 
 McHenry Co. polling sites will remain open until 8:30 pm to accommodate those who were unable to vote earlier due to t…
Honored by Lezley's support. She is turning her grief into resolve after suffering as no mother ever should. -H 
Waiting in line to vote? Stay put—Hillary’s counting on you!  to tell a friend. 
FL, IL, MO, NC, ; OH: Hillary needs you now! If you haven't voted yet, grab a friend and head to the polls: 
Time for some delegate math. Here’s why it matters that Hillary won the Northern Mariana Islands caucus. 
Happy birthday to Supreme Court Justice, women’s rights advocate, and icon Ruth Bader Ginsburg. 
Live in FL, IL, MO, NC, or OH? Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place then go vote!
 St. Louis are you ready to vote for   
"We can open the door to every person in this country again." 
No one should work full-time and struggle to get by. Idahoans, like all Americans, deserve a living wage. -H 
Relieved Atlantic drilling is now off the table. Time to do the next right thing and protect the Arctic, too.  -H
Want to help win in FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH? Find your friends on Facebook and make sure they get to the polls today! 
You’re welcome at (the real) HQ any time,
We’re live blogging mini-Super Tuesday on Facebook as FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH head to the polls. Follow along: 
Live in FL IL, MO, NC, or OH and have questions about voting today? Call the hotline: 844-IM4-HILL (844-464-4455)
FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH: Hillary's counting on you to vote today. Confirm your polling place: 
The right to vote is the heart of our democracy. We should restore it to those who have served their sentences. 
Today, our public schools are more segregated than they were in 1968. That’s unacceptable for our kids and for our country.
Moved by the families I met in Chicago who have lost children to gun violence. Their grief is a call to action. -H 
It’s not enough to make college more affordable. We need to help people with the student debt they already have. 
Companies that get tax breaks or government investments shouldn’t be walking out on American communities. 
Donald Trump is fanning the flames of violence. That isn’t leadership. It’s dangerous.  
"Donald Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear... he's encouraging violence and chaos."
 Spoke with on today's show about the  
Joining today to talk about the Flint water crisis and how to make sure this never happens again.
Want to help Hillary win FL, IL, MO, NC, and OH? Tune in for a phone bank training on Facebook Live and get calling! 
Four generations of Ohio women. Four reasons to vote for Hillary.
¡Hillary necesita tu apoyo! Confirma en dónde puedes votar aquí →   
You don’t make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great in the first place. 
We make it about as hard to combine family and work as we could. We can change that.
It's absolutely unacceptable that the gun industry can't be held accountable when they endanger Americans. 
"I am sick and tired of these murders and random acts of gun violence." —Hillary 
"Failing to do anything—which is what we're doing now—will only lead to more loss of life." —Hillary on gun violence prevention 
"Whoever goes up against Donald Trump better be ready. I am the best prepared candidate to do that." —Hillary 
Let's end the school-to-prison pipeline and build a cradle-to-college pipeline. We've got to stop building prisons and invest in education.
Systemic racism is at work in our criminal justice system. We've got to stand up and end these inequities. 
"Donald Trump is responsible for what happens at his events. He’s been not just inciting violence, but applauding it." —Hillary 
At our best, Americans have rejected demagogues and fear mongers. Donald Trump is not who we are.
Trump is running a cynical campaign—trafficking in hate and fear, and playing to our worst instincts. We're better than this. 
Donald Trump is not who we are. 
“My campaign isn’t about building walls. It’s about breaking down all the barriers holding people back.” —Hillary in OH
"If you want to shut [Donald Trump] down, then let’s vote him down. And let’s raise up a better future for our country." —Hillary in OH
"We can criticize and protest Mr. Trump all we want...but none of that matters if we don’t also show up at the polls." —Hillary in OH
"Donald Trump is not who we are." —Hillary in OH
You don’t make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great in the first place.
"After stoking every fire he can think of, Trump encourages his supporters to beat up anybody who disagrees with him." —Hillary in OH
“Donald Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear for one reason: to get votes." —Hillary in OH
Watch live now: Hillary just took the stage at the 2016 Legacy dinner → 
Nearly a million people have chipped in to power this campaign. Here's why:  
Los colegios comunitarios públicos deberían de ser gratis en todo el país.
The Castro Brothers: Whether you’re born here or you immigrate, America should be a land of opportunity.
You shouldn’t have to grow up in a wealthy family to have music and art classes available at your school.
Cheers, from Youngstown, Ohio. 
A note on the fight against HIV and AIDS—and the people who really started the conversation. 
The divisive rhetoric and encouragement of violence we're hearing from Donald Trump isn't just wrong—it's dangerous.
We need to stand together against the forces of division and discrimination that are trying to divide America between “us” and “them.”
You don't make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great. Our values, diversity, openness—these are strengths.
If you see bigotry, you should oppose it. If you see violence, you should condemn it. If you see a bully, you should stand up to him.
"If you play with matches, you can start a fire you can’t control. That's not leadership—it's political arson." —Hillary on Trump's rhetoric
The ugly, divisive rhetoric we're hearing from Donald Trump—the encouragement of violence and aggression—is not only wrong, it’s dangerous.
The average CEO at America’s biggest companies earns 200x more than the median worker. We've got to change that. 
It's time to give our teachers a raise. Young people should be able to see teaching as a profession that’s both noble and sustainable.
Violence has no place in our politics. We should use our words and deeds to bring Americans together. 
Hillary Clinton’s statement on her comments about the Reagans' record on HIV and AIDS: 
Confused about the Democratic primary process? Our delegate strategist breaks it down: 
Humbled to stand with these women, who have turned unimaginable grief into a call to action we all need to hear. -H
Climate change is too urgent a threat to wait on Congress. Proud of the US-Canada announcement to take steps to reduce methane emissions. -H
Debate one of these guys? Bring it on.  
Fomentar la violencia contra manifestantes y miembros de la prensa en tus eventos es una desgracia. 
 condoning violence against protesters and press at your rallies is the real disgrace. 
Republican candidates deny climate change because they’re “not scientists.”  
Ya es hora de movernos hacia el futuro—el embargo no ha funcionado por 50 años. Hillary apoya la normalización de relaciones con Cuba.
Tell us more about how sexism is wrong,  
 
 Talk about a power lineup. Thank you for being on this team! -H
Over four decades, Hillary has taken on her share of tough fights. Here are a few of her biggest accomplishments: 
Here's what you need to know about the state of the Democratic primary race, in 6 seconds. 
A look at the backward views on LGBT rights, women, and health care held by all of the remaining GOP candidates: 
This kind of behavior is repugnant. We set the tone for our campaigns—we should encourage respect, not violence. 
 After Tuesday, Hillary Clinton expanded her delegate lead to 221.Here’s what that means.
 No barrier should stop people with developmental disabilities from pursuing opportunity.  
Harriet Tubman devoted her life to freeing slaves and led the first-ever US military operation designed by a woman. 
 all eyes are on you. Buck the trend: Do the right thing and protect a woman's right to make her own health decisions. -H
If efforts to roll back women's rights seem relentless, you're right: States have enacted 282 abortion restrictions since 2010. -H
States like Ohio, Utah, and Florida that attack Planned Parenthood are attacking women's health, and they're part of a dangerous trend. -H
America grows when American workers’ paychecks grow.
 Flashback to '93: Hillary fighting for universal coverage during Bernie Sanders' 3rd year in congress.  
We're all in this together. Chip in $1, let’s win this nomination and take on Trump: 
“Puerto Ricans are citizens of America. They deserve to be treated as citizens.” —Hillary 
Found it for you:    
It’s a lot easier to get from 90% coverage to 100% than to start over. We need to build on and protect the Affordable Care Act. 
If you want a comprehensive plan to help reduce the student debt you already have ⬇️  
La economía funciona si todos salen adelante—Hillary va a luchar para mejorar las oportunidades para todos. 
Said it before. Will say it again.  
When someone says you're beholden to banks—but says your Wall St. plan is tougher.  
Will repeat this as often as needed: No bank should be too big to fail. No executive should be too big to jail. 
"The money that rescued the auto industry was in that bill. Senator Sanders voted against it.” —Hillary 
 Bernie Sanders, candidate versus Bernie Sanders, senator.  
Stop the raids. Stop the round ups. Stop the deporting.  
"Do you regret voting against [immigration reform] now in hindsight? "No."  
“It’s time we end family detention.” —Hillary  
 About that immigration reform vote in 2007...  
Hillary Clinton solo tiene una palabra para Donald Trump: ¡Basta! 
 if you agree.  
"You don’t make America great by getting rid of everything that made America great.” —Hillary on Donald Trump 
 ¿Cómo seguir el  Univision💻:  💬: 
 Watch the  live &gt;&gt;  
As Hillary takes the stage at the  tonight, let her know you’re with her: 
In America if you work hard and do your part, you should be able to get ahead—no matter who you are or where you started out.
It’s a simple idea: If you work hard, you shouldn't have to struggle and stress to make ends meet. 
Shirley was only 5 years old when most women got the right to vote. Here's what's on her mind during this election: 
Hillary dropped by to say “thank you” to some of her nicest supporters. (Yep, you read that right.) 
La brecha salarial entre hombres y mujeres es inaceptable. 
Why Hillary has won nearly all the editorial board endorsements in the Democratic primary so far. 
Have student debt? Here are five ways Hillary wants to help. 
Penalizing people who paid their student loans on time is outrageous—and illegal. We've got to fight this.  -H
"I want to talk about what working families are up against." Hillary’s remarks tonight after winning in Mississippi.
"If we reach for love and kindness instead of bluster and bigotry, we can see the best in each other, not the worst." —Hillary
"It’s simple economics: America grows when your paycheck grows."  —Hillary
Everyone who works hard and does their part should be able to say, “I can make it in America.”
"If we lift each other up, instead of tearing each other down, there’s nothing we can’t do together." —Hillary
“Every child should have a good school and a great teacher, no matter what ZIP code they’re from.” —Hillary
We need to build on what makes America great–our energy and optimism, our openness and creativity.
Watch live: Hillary speaks after winning in Mississippi → 
Marriage equality is the law. I stand with those filibustering in MO to make sure discrimination won't be. -H
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you’re proud to be on her team tonight.
Thank you, Mississippi! 
At the conference in Beijing, Hillary issued a call to action heard around the world.  
 St. Louis is Clinton Country   
 Tragic attack in Jaffa today, taking the life of an American. There is no justification for such acts of terror.
Today, Michigan and Mississippi head to the polls. Here’s how we can bring home two more wins. 
Live in MI or MS? Call the hotline with any questions about voting today! 844-IM4-HILL (844-464-4455) 
 Bernie Sanders, candidate versus Bernie Sanders, Senator: 
No child should live in fear of losing her parents to deportation. We will keep families together. 
  Congrats?  
“Women’s rights are human rights.” 
On repeat at HQ during   
It’s Election Day for MI and MS! Confirm your polling place and go vote today:  
Advancing the status of women and girls makes economies grow and nations more secure. It's the right—and smart—thing to do.  -H
In March 1933, First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt held the first women-only press conference at the White House. 
A key difference between the two candidates at the  last night:  
"Her first instinct is always...to ask, 'What can I do to make it better?'" 
For everyone who already has student debt, Hillary has a plan to help you, too:   
Every American should have access to higher education without having to go into debt.  
We have to reform the criminal justice system. We also have to expand access to education, health care, jobs, and fair housing. 
Roe v. Wade and the Constitution guarantee women the right to safe, legal abortion. Politicians have no right to restrict it. 
"It's not much of a right if it is totally limited and constrained." —Hillary on women's right to safe and legal abortion 
Last quarter we raised $18 million for Democrats across the country. Progress must happen at all levels of government. 
A vote in 2002 is not a strategy to defeat ISIS now. 
When it was time to fund the rescue of our auto industry, only one Democratic candidate voted yes. 
Workers are our economy's greatest strength—not costs to be cut. They shouldn't sacrifice while executives skate by. 
Myrlie, you're right. There's still work to do in the struggle for equality ; justice. Grateful for your support.  -H
Fifty years later, we have to recognize that this work isn't done. We have to make it easier for every citizen to vote—not harder. -H
Bloody Sunday, March 7, 1965, was a day of horror and pain. But it was also a day of resilience and grace.  -H
Necesitamos una presidenta que pueda defendernos de las propuestas de los republicanos.
Anyone who wants to be president of this country should have a real plan to raise incomes, create jobs, and improve our economy.
 What a week. 
Negligent gun manufacturers should be held accountable when they endanger our families.
We've got to keep talking about Flint, and talking about real plans to make sure this never happens again. Our kids deserve nothing less.
Another way we can help the kids and families of Flint: donate what you can to   
To help Flint right now, we've set up a new program with Mayor Weaver to create jobs and expand water deliveries. 
More than 500,000 kids a year suffer lead poisoning in America. We can put an end to this injustice.  
We know there are more Flints. We need to tackle environmental racism and injustice nationwide.  
We face a complex, intersectional set of challenges. We need solutions and real plans for all of them.  
These shouldn’t be contentious ideas. We need to fight for them, together.  
 if you agree.  
It's unconscionable that Flint residents' complaints were dismissed by their government for months. Gov. Snyder should be held accountable.
Flint isn't a partisan issue. We should all work to fix it—especially those who created the mess to begin with. 
Despite what we're hearing from some Republicans, demanding action on the Flint water crisis isn't "politicizing" it—it's getting results.
It's wrong that a community like Flint would see its health put at risk to save a buck—it's also not a coincidence. 
Imagine the outrage if this happened to wealthy white kids instead of poor black kids.  
It's not enough to talk only about economics. We have to tackle racial, economic, ; environmental justice—together. 
Gov. Snyder should resign or be recalled, but we also need to focus on how to help Flint now. 
Justice for Flint requires that we address racial, economic, and environmental injustice.  
When we talk about the Flint water crisis, we also have to talk about its root causes—economic, racial, and other. 
Flint's water crisis is an example of the combined effects of intersecting issues that impact communities of color. 
When we talk about the outrage happening in Flint, it's important to talk about who lives there.  
For  response, follow  
Tonight's  is in Flint, Michigan—a once-prosperous manufacturing town hit hard by a decline in jobs. 
With the spotlight on Flint for the  we're interrupting our regularly scheduled debate coverage to dig deeper into that crisis.
Let’s not forget that there are lots of Flints out there. Places where poor people and people of color have been left out and left behind.
Un momento especial durante una reunión con la Unión de Campesinos. Vea el video.
Nancy's strength of character was legendary, and her advocacy—especially for Alzheimer's research—was tireless. Praying for her family. -H
A young girl asked: "What are you going to do about all this bullying?"
We can’t accept 33,000 gun deaths per year as “normal.” Most Americans—including law-abiding gun owners—believe we can do better.
Maine, it’s Caucus Day! Live in the Pine Tree State? Confirm your caucus location here:  
No one should have to fear discrimination because of who they are or who they love.
Diversity is a strength, not a weakness. If we lift each other up, we can make this country even stronger.
Together, we can win the nomination and keep working to break every barrier holding Americans back. Chip in $1 now: 
This country belongs to all of us—not just to those at the top. Not just to people who look one way, worship one way, or even think one way.
"I am thrilled we’re adding to our pledged delegate count. I’m grateful to everyone who turned out to support us." —Hillary in Detroit
Thank you, Louisiana! 
Watch live: Hillary speaks at the reception in Detroit → 
We're ahead by 199 pledged delegates. Here’s why that matters:  
A message to corporate America: If you cheat workers, customers, or taxpayers, we'll hold you accountable. 
"There is a co-worker I have who is male...I recently found out he was getting paid more than me. I was shocked.” 
Kansas, Louisiana and Nebraska: Call the hotline with any questions about voting today! 844-IM4-HILL (844-464-4455) 
We should be supporting LGBT kids—not trying to change them. It’s time to end conversion therapy for minors. 
Flint families have waited long enough for the help they need. No more excuses—the Senate should pass the bipartisan aid bill before it. -H
It's time to stand up to pharmaceutical companies hiking the price of drugs for profit. 
 Today is the Kansas caucus! Make sure you know where to caucus at 2:30pm →   
It’s Election Day for KS, LA, and NE! Confirm your polling place here and vote today:  
Let's put the dream of starting and running a thriving small business within reach of every American.
 The should move soon ; robustly on its new rules for payday lenders. No delays, and no carve-outs.
On this day in 1917, Jeannette Rankin took her seat in Congress, becoming our country’s first woman representative. 
Creating good-paying jobs has to be a top priority for the next president. We’ve got to build on the progress we’ve made under
"As we lay the foundation for a brighter future, we have to deal with the legacy of the past: barriers that hold back communities of color."
More money in the hands of wealthy people mostly just helps wealthy people—but more money in the hands of working people helps everyone.
Companies have to start treating workers like assets to be invested in, not costs to be cut.
"If you cheat your employees, exploit your customers, pollute our environment, or rip off taxpayers, we will hold you accountable." —Hillary
Corporations have to do right by their communities and our country. Too many aren’t holding up their end of the bargain.
"Michigan proves every day that American workers are the best in the world—all they need is a fair chance on a fair playing field." —Hillary
"As Detroit proves every day, what has been broken can be re-built, stronger than before." —Hillary in Michigan
"The biggest insult of all was to the American people. The economy was basically an afterthought." —Hillary on the  in Detroit
Watch live → Hillary speaks about creating jobs, strengthening the economy, and revitalizing cities in Detroit: 
 Packed house in NOLA for this morning. He's getting out the vote ahead of tomorrow's Louisiana primary. 
We have to do more to raise wages ; support paid leave for hardworking families. I stand with in their work to do just that. -H
We need to make it a national mission to create millions of jobs in clean energy, manufacturing, and infrastructure.
On this day in 1933, Frances Perkins became the first woman cabinet member as Sec. of Labor.  
How many more of these do we have to sit through? Asking for a friend.  
Marriage equality is the law of the land. Deal with it.  
It's not "politicizing" to say that what's happening with the poisoned water in Flint is an emergency and a moral outrage. 
Mientras los candidatos republicanos se insultan entre ellos, Hillary lucha para que todos puedan salir adelante. 
The more time that passes, the scarier this gets. ⬇️  
True on foreign policy—and literally everything else.  
The  is offering a stark picture of one vision for America. Here's another: 
 
Instead of shouting about what's wrong with America, let's make it work for everyone.  
Ninguna persona que trabaje a tiempo completo debería criar a sus hijos en la pobreza.
No one should have to choose between their family or a pay check. Thank you for leading to expand 
 Wonder if Fox will ask about this terrifying climate milestone in the debate tonight? 
 Amazing mix of High School and College   We're ready for March 15th here! 
We can't let the next president undo everything has made possible. 
Kids come before corporations. Companies shouldn't get special loopholes that endanger families. -H 
 Hillary Clinton: "We need more love and kindness." Republicans: "No, you're wearing make up!"
Happy  We're celebrating Dr. Mae Jemison, the first African American woman to travel in space. 
We won't let families be torn apart. Proud to have on this team—sí se puede.
We’ve got to build on the Affordable Care Act and make sure that every single American has access to quality, affordable health care.
We won eight contests last night. We have the momentum—but this primary is far from over. Chip in to keep going: 
We had a big night on Super Tuesday. Now, we have to keep fighting even harder. When we stand together, there's nothing we can't do.
We've got to keep going, keep working, keep breaking down those barriers and imagine what we can build together. 
America has never stopped being great. Our task is to make America whole.
A typical African-American family has 8 cents of wealth for every dollar a white family has. We need to fix that.  -H
 An important step towards supporting the children of Flint. Early education can help alleviate the effects of lead. 
We need to make it easier for parents to balance work and family. 
No parent should have to choose between getting a paycheck and caring for their sick child.
We need to break down barriers and build ladders of opportunity, so every person can live up to his or her potential.
It might be unusual for a presidential candidate to say that we need more love and kindness in America—but we do.
 M-A-S-S-A-C-H-U-S-E-T-T-S!  
Back at you, Massachusetts.  
"We're going to break down barriers and build ladders of opportunity and empowerment." More from tonight's remarks: 
Text ImWithHer to 47246 to tell Hillary you're by her side all the way to the White House.
America never stopped being great. Our mission is to make America whole.
 if you’re ready to make history. 
Let’s go win this nomination. If you’re standing with Hillary tonight, chip in $1 right now. 
Thank you, Texas!  
If we resist the forces trying to drive us apart, we can come together to make this country work for everyone.
"It’s clear that the stakes in this election have never been higher. And the rhetoric we’re hearing on the other side has never been lower."
"We know we’ve got work to do.  It's not to make America great again—America never stopped being great. We have to make America whole."
This country belongs to all of us—not just to those at the top. Not just to people who look one way, worship one way, or even think one way.
"I congratulate Senator Sanders on his strong showing tonight, and I am so grateful to all of you who voted for me." —Hillary
To every member of this team: Thank you. When it's gotten tough, you've never wavered. Now, let's keep going. -H 
A win especially close to Hillary’s heart.  
Let the world know that you’re prouder than ever to stand with Hillary. Get your free magnet now →  
High five: We just won Alabama and Tennessee.  
This is one of the biggest days of the entire campaign. Chip in $1 right now, and let’s win this primary together. 
The first  results are in: We won Georgia and Virginia! 
Waiting in line to vote? Stay put—Hillary’s counting on you!  to tell a friend. 
Just a few hours left, Super Tuesday voters! Confirm your polling place here and head over.  
There are 800+ delegates up for grabs on  the breakdown:  
"She has fought for social justice, equality and policies that expand civil rights."  
Text TUESDAY to 47246 to get exclusive updates via text from headquarters. 
“I want more Americans to believe again we are all in this together. That we are united, not divided.”
 The Vote is precious, it is almost sacred. I gave a little blood to guarantee that every American has the right to vote. …
She'll fight for paid family leave and stand up to the NRA. Here are 100+ more reasons to vote for Hillary: 
Bookmark our live blog for the latest on  updates from the trail, voting info—and of course, results. 
 It's  and Team HFA is here to help! Ask us a question by replying or tagging 
Is your state voting on  Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. 
It's  Hillary needs your help to ensure wins across the country. Will you make some calls? 
If you want a president who'll wake up every day thinking about how to make your life better, she's your candidate.
Is your state voting on  Call the hotline with any questions: 844-IM4-HILL (844-464-4455). 
It’s  and thousands are heading to the polls.  to let them know why you're with her! 
If you live in AL, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VA, or VT, confirm your polling place:  
Help Hillary secure another big win by making sure your friends in Super Tuesday states know what's at stake. 
Today on We need to solve America's student debt crisis. 
  This is amazing! Thank you so much for sharing with me 
A father to Hillary: “I need you to win for my daughters.”
To those running our country's corporations: If you cheat employees, exploit consumers, or rip off taxpayers, we’re going to make you pay.
Hillary shared a few words to live by after winning the South Carolina primary. 
Time is running out to tell Hillary you're with her before Super Tuesday! Commit now:  
 Had a few greeters waiting when we pulled up here in Boston...now we go inside for the event.  
These mothers are reclaiming the narrative around their children’s deaths.  
 Mile high numbers this weekend—thanks to all the volunteers who joined us! March 1: we're ready for you.  
Why has Hillary received the endorsements of so many papers that backed She gets things done. 
Even presidential candidates get starstruck when meeting their heroes.
We need to make it a national mission to create millions of jobs in clean energy, manufacturing, and infrastructure.
Too much talent is being kept on the sidelines. In every industry, we can do and need to do better. 
America never stopped being great. When we're all in this together, there’s no barrier that can hold us back.
Saying hello to the overflow room in Atlanta.
 America's first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK.
 Detroit is fired up for in Detroit!   
After becoming the first woman to win the SC primary, Hillary spoke to a packed house. Here's what she had to say: 
Thanks to CHIP, eight million kids like Connar are living the future they deserve.
It’s not enough to make college more affordable. We need to help people with the student debt they already have.
We need more love and kindness in America. Our best years can be ahead of us if we stand with each other.
“When we stand together, there is no barrier too big to break.” What Hillary said after winning in South Carolina: 
 The "love and kindness" line used tonight isn't just a line. Read this profile. 
It may seem odd to hear someone running for president say we need more love and kindness in America—but we do.
If you’re proud to stand with Hillary all the way to the White House, chip in $1 to help her get there: 
"Our country was built by people who had each other’s backs. Who understood that, at our best, we all rise together." —Hillary in SC
"Instead of building walls, we need to be tearing down barriers. We need to show that we really are all in this together." —Hillary in SC
"We don’t need to make America great again. America never stopped being great. But we do need to make America whole again." —Hillary in SC
"Tomorrow, this campaign goes national." —Hillary in SC
"Today you sent a message: In America, when we stand together, there is no barrier too big to break." —Hillary in South Carolina
  delivering the news: 
 if you're standing with her all the way to the White House. 
Heading into Super Tuesday with a smile. Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you’re proud to be on her team. 
We did it, South Carolina. 
If you’re with Hillary, chip in $1 right now, and let’s go win this nomination. 
To South Carolina, to the volunteers at the heart of our campaign, to the supporters who power it: thank you. -H 
 If you're in line by 7pm, you can vote. Do not leave! Go to  to find your polling place. 
 Amazing energy with  for Hillary! Be sure to vote March 8 
Lots of love in South Carolina. 
Just a few hours left to vote in the SC primary! Hillary is counting on you. Confirm your polling place and go vote: 
Couldn't ask for a better right-hand woman on the trail. Happy birthday, so proud of you. -H 
 Birmingham, AL!   
Hillary spoke with students at about student debt and HBCUs:  
Today, thousands of South Carolinians will cast their votes for Hillary! Join them and say  
 Need any help at all? 
Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can.
 I  but  Check out my latest GREAT tag 😉  
 ✅🍤🍚Off to the polls.  
Know someone in South Carolina who’s not sure who to vote for today? Share this. 
 The cold weather didn't stop these 1,000 people from coming out to see in Columbia on primary eve. htt…
Today’s the day! As South Carolina heads to the polls, let Hillary know you're with her.  
 How I became a supporter, and why we really need her to win 
It's election day, South Carolina!Confirm your polling place and go vote for Hillary! 
It's election day, South Carolina!Confirm your polling place at  and go vote for Hillary! 
It’s election day, South Carolina! Confirm your polling place now and go vote for Hillary! 
 closing argument for Hillary: "We need a changemaker, not a change talker."
It’s election day, South Carolina! Text COMMIT2SC to 47246 to find your polling location. Hillary’s counting on you. 
 Polls are open! Don't forget your wallet, and go to  to find your polling place. 
Sometimes running for president involves crashing a bachelor party. 
Hillary no le aumentará los impuestos a la clase media. Cuando la clase media es fuerte, el país es fuerte.
 "We can't quit. We can't give up. We have to get up every day to try to make a difference." - 
 standing up for banks instead of hardworking citizens is wrong. It's time to put Puerto Ricans first. 
It's outrageous that students are being asked to pay interest rates higher than you would pay to buy a house.
Obamacare saved this woman when she needed emergency surgery. Let's build on its progress, not start over.
Living without discrimination should be a right for all, not a privilege for some. Hear hear, 
What’s at stake in this election is whether or not we’re going to help every kid reach their potential.
South Carolina! Confirm your polling place now and vote for Hillary tomorrow! 
The South Carolina Democratic primary is tomorrow!Confirm your polling place and vote for Hillary!  
"She cares. She tries. She perseveres." on supporting Hillary in 2016: 
 What happens when shows up at your bachelor party? You take some photos.  
Talking sexism in the workplace, racial justice, and...perspiration with 
Let's not divide ourselves between “us” and “them.” America works better when we all do our part. We’re in this together.
It's been less than a week since a mass shooting tore apart a community, and now another. This has to end. Praying for Hesston, KS. -H
This is it: Your last chance to say you're with Hillary before the South Carolina primary! Commit today. 
No matter which Republican is nominated, we can’t afford to let him in the White House. Add your name if you agree. 
We live in a world with serious foreign policy challenges. We need serious leadership.  
We can't let Republicans rip away progress. Text ImWithHer to 47246 if you agree.
What will strengthen our economy: raising middle-class incomes.What won't: more tax cuts for millionaires. 
Affordable health care should be a human right in America, not a privilege. We will not let Republicans repeal the ACA. 
Planned Parenthood provides critical health care to millions of Americans. Republicans vow they'll defund it. Not on our watch. 
 is doing his job to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court. and GOP senators should do theirs. 
We need comprehensive immigration reform to keep families like Karla's together. 
Como presidenta, Hillary protegerá, renovará, y expandirá DACA y DAPA, las órdenes ejecutivas. No cree en separar a las familias. 
We will not rip families apart. We will defend actions on immigration and go further to keep families together. 
We should build a path to citizenship, not a wall on the border. 
Let's break down barriers—not build new walls.  
 Like Trump's position on immigration? You'll love the rest of the Republican field.  
We are not going to deport 12 million people. Demonizing immigrants is beneath our values. 
The  candidates all hold backward views on LGBT rights, women, and health care.  
America never stopped being great. We just need to make it work for everyone.  
 There's a bunch of candidates who will be on the  stage tonight. There just aren't a lot of differences.htt…
"Plugged into the establishment matrix?" "That sounds painful."Mean Tweets with
 honored to have your support. Together we'll take a stand for safety, respect, and full equality for trans Americans.
 "I'm supporting Hillary because she was here when it wasn't election time."  South Carolina  
 Hillary is fighting for the struggling, the striving, and the successful.  
"I had to turn my sorrow into a strategy—my mourning into a movement."
“We endorsed her because she endorsed us.” 
 Just a few of the dynamic and strong women leading the effort in Illinois for  
Mean Tweets: campaign edition with Senator
The South Carolina primary is almost here! Ready to stand with Hillary? Say  and commit to vote. 
Follow to hear from the millions of volunteers, supporters, organizers, and donors who power this campaign. 
A high school student asked Hillary about mental health services for veterans. Her response speaks volumes. 
The Puerto Rican senate just confirmed Maite Oronoz Rodríguez, making her the first LGBT chief justice in the US. 
Join and at for Hillary—get your tickets while they last! 
We’re working to break down barriers for every American by organizing state to state. Follow for updates from the official campaign!
Joining today to continue the conversation he's been having on guns in America. Don’t miss it!
  sets the record straight!
Proud to have Senator Reid on this team.  
"[Hillary] tried to help the person that's less fortunate.”  
It isn’t right that we have kids trying to learn in crumbling classrooms. We need to invest in neglected communities.
 The energy ; enthusiasm in this room is unreal—ready to bring IL home for  
Recognizing privilege and dismantling systemic racism is on all of us. 
"I'm most concerned about the kids who are left out and left behind." 
We will never let Republicans privatize Social Security. We will protect it and expand it. 
People who are working hard should get the respect, dignity, and income they deserve. Middle-class families need a raise. 
We need to make college affordable. We also need to lift the enormous burden of student debt that millions carry right now. 
Systemic racism is found in our criminal justice system, housing, education—but it's also cultural. We have to combat it all. 
There is one candidate, in either party, who's prepared to keep us safe as commander in chief. She's on stage at the  right now.
A chilling explainer from on the state of gun violence in America. 
 The reason we're here, she stood with us, we have to stand with her. 
 "We need real justice ; accountability across America."  South Carolina   
“If there’s another child out there that can be saved, I will do this for the rest of my life.” -Gwen Carr 
If this team wins the White House, Virginia is invited to come by and dance any time.  
 Civil rights icon and Clinton supporter John Lewis stumps for Hillary in Birmingham  via 
 This loophole helped the Charleston shooter get his gun. Here's on why we need to close it.
Just a reminder.  
Racial inequality isn’t just a symptom of economic inequality. 
It’s time to close this dangerous loophole in our gun laws. 
Wall Street can never be allowed to wreck Main Street again. No bank can be too big to fail and no executive can be too powerful to jail.
El país necesita un líder que mantenga a nuestras familias seguras.
We shouldn't force families to choose between breaking apart or living in fear. 
Hillary and Dr. Glenda Glover of HBCUs are fundamental to the basic bargain of America. 
In Ohio and across the country, Republicans are once again attacking women's health. We won't stand for this. 
“She is the 'what can I do?' candidate.” on Hillary’s commitment to helping communities left behind.
Gun manufacturers should be held accountable when they endanger Americans. Add your name if you agree: 
 If ever cancer picked the wrong person to mess with, it's you. Stay strong and take care of yourself. I'm in your corner. -H
How one law gives gun makers immunity from accountability and could derail justice for Sandy Hook families. 
Hillary’s doing a Facebook Q;A with this afternoon! Join the conversation and leave your questions here: 
It's 2016. A woman's place is...wherever she wants it to be. 
We need to protect and build on progress. 
What’s at stake in this election is whether or not we’re going to help every kid reach their potential.
 Sandy Hook families are in court against gun makers today. But only one candidate for president has had their back. ht…
 Grio fam, is answering your questions live this afternoon on our FB page:  
If we face the reality of systemic racism, we can begin to reform our broken criminal justice ; immigration systems. 
Torture doesn't work. It's wrong. These dangerous words from Republicans have no place in our country.  -H
Behind the scenes *right* after our win in Nevada.
 Here's the part of HBCU platform that addresses both public and private.  
 Hillary for Ohio opens Columbus office today! Quick celebration and then our awesome vols hit the phones 
Together, this is the kind of world we can build for the next generations.
 "I hope you'll go caucus for Hillary on March 1—the finest change-maker I've ever met."  
 Love this!
“Some may have doubted us, but we never doubted each other. This one’s for you.”  
What did Hillary do right after winning Nevada? Headed to Texas to defend voting rights.  
Our hearts are in Kalamazoo today. We must end this epidemic. Communities across the country are paying the cost for inaction. -H
Flint wasn't just treated with indifference, it was treated with neglect, and that isn't acceptable. 
Our schools should lead students towards opportunity, not prison. 
Have student debt? Here's a real plan to help you right now, explained by and
 We're minutes away from sits down with for BLACK VOTES MATTER: A NEWS SPECIAL 
In 2015, leapt into record books as the world's most decorated woman gymnast.  
 This is what a crowd of 750 people ready to caucus for Hillary on March 1 looks like.  
 Is Houston fired up for  
This is a campaign to break down every barrier that holds us back. If we work together, anything is possible.
Some may have doubted us, but we never doubted each other. 
“I’ve never believed in dividing America between ‘us’ and ‘them.’ We are all in this together. We all have to do our part.” —Hillary
No one can get this done alone—not even the President of the United States. It’s got to be the mission of our entire nation.
The truth is, we aren’t a single-issue country. We need more than a plan for the big banks. The middle class needs a raise.
Americans are right to be angry. But we’re also hungry for real solutions.
This is your campaign. It is a campaign to break down every barrier that holds you back.
“To all my supporters out there—some may have doubted us, but we never doubted each other. This one’s for you.” —Hillary in NV
Nevada: ✅. Watch Hillary's victory speech live from Las Vegas: 
Hillary just won the Nevada caucus! Add your name if you’re with her. 
Hillary just won the Nevada caucus! Add your name if you’re with her. 
Send a message to Hillary and tell her you’ve got her back all the way to the White House. 
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you’re proud to be on her team today. 
Together, we can win the nomination and keep working to break every barrier holding Americans back. Chip in now: 
The feeling is mutual, Nevada. 
To everyone who turned out in every corner of Nevada with determination and heart: This is your win. Thank you. -H
No podemos permitir que un republicano gane las elecciones.
Nevada: If you’re in line and have a question or need help at your caucus location, call 1-702-550-8008. 
Nevada: If you're in line, stay there—and talk to your neighbors about Hillary! 
Stay in line, Nevada! You can still caucus if you’re in line. 
 Caesar's Palace housekeeping workers for 
 Why did vote against immigration reform in 2007?Depends which version of Bernie you're asking. 
This is what we're fighting for in Nevada. 
Nevada: Doors don’t close until noon. Find your caucus location here:  
Let’s do this, Nevada.  
In a few hours, Nevadans will head out to caucus.  if you're standing with Hillary. 
Hillary está luchando por Karla y millones de familias que no deben vivir con miedo. 
Caucus day is here, Nevada! Text NVCOMMIT to 47246 to find your caucus location, and get there by 11 a.m. Hillary's counting on you.
Will Ferrell has a message for you, Nevada: Caucus for Hillary today at 11AM. Your location: 
Hillary quiere arreglar nuestro sistema migratorio. Luchará para mantener a las familias unidas.
The Nevada caucus is TODAY! Now is the time to stand with Hillary. Join the team:  
 Got student debt? got a plan to help you. Let me explain.  
Ningún niño debe de tener miedo de estar separada de sus padres. Necesitamos mantener a las familias unidas.
Proud to stand w/ Our vets suffering from PTS deserve action and a fair hearing.   -H
 Devastating Time to end the school-to-prison pipeline. new plan:  htt…
Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can.
Kids being sent into the criminal justice system instead of school is a civil rights issue, and it needs to end.
Too many kids are being criminalized instead of educated. Here's how we will end the school-to-prison pipeline: 
 achievements speak for themselves. The idea that supporting him is a ploy to win black votes is baffling. 
So proud to have Congressman Jim Clyburn on this team. 
“We feel very blessed with opportunity—like we’ve reached our American dream. That started with an immigrant story.”
Last summer, Sandra Bland lost her life in police custody. Now, her mother is channeling her grief into action. 
 Honored to have Assistant Leader endorsement and support. 
 Roses are red,Violets are blue,The emails we sendare love letters to you!💌  💌
Millions of families like Karla’s live in fear of deportation. We need a president who will fight to protect them. 
We will have legislation to enact comprehensive immigration reform before Congress within my first 100 days in office.
You voted for it.    
"You are more likely to get a mortgage application if you're white than if you're black or Latino. That has to end." 
We will call on Congress to repeal the 3/10 year bars on immigrants reentering the US. These provisions tear families apart and should end.
"I am a progressive who likes to make progress. I don't make promises I can't keep." —Hillary 
“I’m going to do everything I can so you don’t have to be scared. Let me do the worrying, is that a deal?”
It's 2016. Women deserve equal pay. Thanks for leading this effort in Oklahoma, ; -H 
We cannot back down from breaking the barriers that keep us from living up to our full potential. 
 "We need a president who knows how to make government work." – Agree? ➡️  
This week, Hillary spoke about breaking down barriers for African Americans. Here's how she did it in New York: 
  ...congrats? 
Unfathomable that Flint residents were forced to pay almost $1,000/year for poisoned water.  -H
 . is excited to early vote for    
"She has been truly loyal to President Obama and is the best person to protect ; build on his legacy." —Bill Murphy 
Text MADE to 47246 to be the first to know when new items are added to the  collection.
Excited to launch  featuring tees by Marc Jacobs, Tory Burch, and more of your favorite designers! 
No child should have to live in fear of losing her parents. We need to support DREAMers and keep families together.
We need to face up to the reality of systemic racism and then work to dismantle it. 
✔️ Lifesaving cancer screenings ✔️ Birth control✔️ Sex educationPretty wonderful.  
We honor Sandra Bland's memory by acting to reform policing practices. Proud to have her mom Geneva on this team. 
Many of the major newspapers that backed in 2008 are supporting Hillary now. Here's why: 
President Trump? Cruz? Rubio? Carson?    
Thankful for visit to the border and call for immigration reform. We need to keep families together, not break them apart.
Voting rights, marriage equality, campaign finance—all are at stake in the nomination of our next SCOTUS justice. 
Hillary quiere reformar nuestro sistema migratorio para mantener fuerte la unión familiar.
The inequities that persist in our justice system undermine our shared vision of what America can and should be. 
"I want to know that the candidate I'm voting for acknowledges our struggles."  
To raise incomes, we need to support unions and a living wage. I stand with working Minnesotans today.  -H
 Talk is cheap. Action's important. Let's take a look at record on immigration. 
Behind the vote totals and the delegate counts are the voters themselves. Their stories:  
"She was making points about privilege that minorities always make, but it packed such a different punch."  
 If  is campaigning on immigration reform ; supporting Latinos, fine. But he should explain his spotty record ; h…
  voted against Sen. Ted Kennedy's comprehensive immigration reform bill in 2007. Really? Yes. Really. htt…
Anyone asking for your vote has to grapple with the reality of inequality in America—and offer real plans to fix it. 
No American should work 40 hours/week and still struggle to make ends meet—not in Alabama and not anywhere else.  -H
These are not only issues of economic inequality—they are also issues of racial inequality.
Something’s wrong when the median wealth for black families is a tiny fraction of what it is for white families. 
 Episode 15: is getting intersectional.  
 Thanks to 90% of kids were covered before ACA ; now at 94% in push towards universal health care. 
Los líderes deben estar listos para cualquier cosa. Hillary tiene la experiencia y es la candidata más preparada.
We need real plans to combat systemic racism and remove the barriers holding African Americans back. Hillary's plan: 
"When we come together—all of us—with a sense of shared purpose and shared humanity, we can solve any problem and heal any divide." —Hillary
"We need to recognize our privilege and practice humility, rather than assume that our experiences are everyone’s experiences." —Hillary
"White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen ; unseen barriers that you face every day."
"Ending systemic racism requires contributions from all of us—especially those of us who haven’t experienced it ourselves." —Hillary
"Let's roll up our sleeves and get to work dismantling the school-to-prison pipeline...We need a cradle-to-college pipeline." —Hillary
"We need to fix the crisis of mass incarceration...and end the epidemic of African Americans being killed by police or dying in custody."
"We need end-to-end reform in our criminal justice system—not half-measures, but a full commitment with real follow-through." —Hillary
"I’ll be the first to admit...I’ve made my own mistakes; I've walked my own journey. But I believe with all my heart that we can do better."
Anyone asking for your vote has a responsibility to grapple with reality—to see things as they actually are, not just as we want them to be.
"These are not only problems of economic inequality. They are problems of racial inequality. We’ve got to say that loudly and clearly."
"These inequities are wrong, but they’re also immoral. ... We have to begin by facing up to the reality of systemic racism." —Hillary
"Something’s wrong when black kids get arrested for petty crimes but white CEOs get away with fleecing our entire country." —Hillary
"We face a complex set of economic, social, and political challenges. They’re intersectional, reinforcing, ; we’ve got to take them all on."
It’s not a coincidence that the Flint water crisis was allowed to happen in a largely black, largely poor community.
"I want to talk about how we break down barriers that disproportionately affect African Americans, ; build ladders of opportunity." —Hillary
Watch live—Hillary speaks about how we can combat systemic racism and break down barriers for black families: 
Caucus for Hillary this Saturday! Confirm your caucus location and be there at 11am on February 20th! 
The Nevada Democratic caucus is this Saturday!Confirm your caucus location and be there Saturday, Feb. 20 at 11am. 
We need a president who will tackle all the issues we face, from systemic racism to LGBT discrimination.
Hillary, in one place? Get your tickets for the  concert! 
We can't just talk about combating inequality. We need real plans to lift up communities that are being held back. 
We will invest $125 billion to help communities facing economic and racial barriers. Here’s what the plan would do: 
Young black Americans face unemployment at almost 2x the average rate. We need to fix that.  
We need Wall Street and campaign finance reform, but that's not enough. We need to break down barriers that hold back communities of color.
Everyone has his or her own journey to the ballot box. Here are stories behind the votes.  
 is doing his job by nominating a new Supreme Court justice. Tell Senate Republicans to do theirs: 
It's job to nominate Supreme Court justices, and the Senate has a responsibility to vote. 
11 So, a message for Senate Republicans: Fill this vacancy. will do his job. Do yours. -H
10 As for complaints that this is an election year: 1988 was an election year, too—and Justice Kennedy was confirmed 97-0. -H
9 There are 339 days until the next president takes office. The Senate has never taken more than 125 days to vote on a SCOTUS nominee. -H
8 I have news for Republicans who would put politics over the Constitution: Refusing to do your duty isn’t righteous, it's disgraceful. -H
7 With these critical cases in the balance, Republicans wasted no time in vowing to block any SCOTUS nomination from A new low. -H
6 These decisions could determine whether we as a nation uphold our principles of liberty and equality, or turn back the clock. -H
5 And right now, a case from Texas could determine whether the right to abortion will be a reality for all or some. -H
4 Right now, the fundamental principle of "one person, one vote” is at stake in a case before the Supreme Court. -H
3 Right now, millions of families are waiting for SCOTUS to decide on executive actions on immigration. -H
2 The need to fill the Supreme Court vacancy is not an occasion for politics as usual. This has real and urgent stakes for Americans now. -H
1 Until Jan. 20, 2017, it's job to nominate Supreme Court justices—it's right there in the Constitution. -H 
Can we get back to politics, please? (Great job, 
Striking a pose with students from the Expertise Cosmetology Institute in Las Vegas, Nevada. 
 Thank you to Hillary for Ohio staff ; volunteers for all your hard work!  
Couldn't agree more, It's time to act on gun violence. Thank you for telling these stories today. 
If we claim we are for families, then we have to fix our immigration system. We can’t wait any longer for a path to full, equal citizenship.
Today, Planned Parenthood re-opens in Colorado Springs—a testament to hope in the face of hostility and violence.  -H
We need action now in Flint. Please give if you are able: 
A day on the campaign trail with and 
"It’s hard to describe in words what parents and kids are going through in Flint."  
The ability to exercise your reproductive rights should be a reality for all, not just those who can afford it. 
  is fighting for the heart and soul of this country and I'm knocking doors to help her  
Black families are denied mortgages nearly 3x as often as white families. We need to tear down barriers of systemic racism that still exist.
The children of Flint deserve bright futures—and today, those children need our help. Please chip in if you're able: 
Obamacare has brought millions of Americans health care they need. They can't wait for promises that can't be kept.
In 1963, Vivian Malone Jones defied Gov. Wallace's segregation orders and became first black graduate. 
National political director went with Hillary to Flint, Michigan. Here's what she saw. 
Obama is president until Jan. 20, 2017. It's his job to nominate a justice, the Senate has a responsibility to vote. 
Happy Valentine’s Day! 
Our country can't live up to its potential unless we give every American a chance to live up to theirs. 
Takeaway from  We can't let one of these guys rip away the progress we've made. Sign on if you agree: 
 Pretty great night to be a Democrat.   
If anyone needed a reminder of how important it is to elect a Democratic president, look at the Supreme Court.
Demonizing immigrants, dangerous foreign policy proposals, and nonstop bickering—no need to live-tweet  We've seen enough.
Necesitamos una presidenta que pueda defendernos de las propuestas de los republicanos. 
"All of us Democrats have a responsibility to make sure a Republican doesn’t win and rip away all the progress we've made." —Hillary in CO
"Elections have consequences. The president has a responsibility to nominate a new justice and the Senate has a responsibility to vote."
"Barack Obama is President of the United States until January 20, 2017—that is a fact, whether the Republicans like it or not." —Hillary
"It's outrageous that Republicans...have already pledged to block any [Supreme Court] replacement that President Obama nominates." —Hillary
"If anyone needed a reminder of how important it is to take back the Senate ; hold onto the White House—look at the Supreme Court." —Hillary
 The Hillary supporters at the  have got their glowsticks—and they are LOUD!  
Statement on the passing of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia: 
 Gorgeous day outside to welcome Hillary to Colorado for the  ☀️  
There are six Republicans left in the race for the White House—and we can’t afford to let any of them near it. 
 "After my father died at Columbine, Hillary held my hand ; said: we'll do something. And she is. I stand with her." 
 Hey  Veterans and Military Families are here to support  
"Only Clinton can win in November and is prepared for the nation's highest office.” —The 
  tells the crowd that "working families built America!"   
 Marine w/ an amazing group of Veterans ; Military Families 4 Hillary   
 This isn't a single issue country. We can't have a single issue president.
✅ a few of the largest newspapers in Florida and Texas just endorsed Hillary: 
HBCUs provide more than a quality education—they increase opportunity. Supporting them is critical. 
This is a fight for everyone who's ever been knocked down—but refused to be knocked out. 
A socialist feminist on why she'll vote for Hillary: 
 Living for snapchat.     🔥🔥🔥🔥 
 Thanking Shirley for paving the way  
We don't live in a single-issue country. We need to tackle all the barriers holding Americans back. 
 HILL. YES. We’re with her! Join me, ; at a concert for HRC❗️  
HBCUs produce some of our finest leaders. Hillary's plan dedicates $25 billion to support institutions like these. 
 Dallas Morning News endorses in the March 1 Texas primary.   
 Performing w/ ; at  concert! Info:  
Excited to announce the  concert at Radio City with ; Join us: 
 doesn't get the credit he deserves. Some can criticize his leadership; we'll build on his progress. 
We need to do more to support small businesses—particularly minority- and women-owned businesses—so they can get financing and grow.
If we solved our problems with Wall Street tomorrow, we'd still have discrimination holding too many Americans back.
A Bernie Sanders supporter asked Hillary a question—here’s what he thought of her response: 
In case you missed it last night ☝️
   
 showed tonight that she’s the best candidate to take on all of the challenges we face ; make good things h…
"I am not a single-issue candidate and I do not believe we live in a single-issue country." 
Next January, our next president will be sworn in. Add your name if you think it should be Hillary:  
If you think Hillary is the best person to be president, chip in $1:   
 if you agree.  
President Obama doesn't get the credit he deserves. His accomplishments shouldn't be up for debate at a 
 On foreign policy, the difference couldn't be clearer. Like, seriously.  
Yeah, got a *bit* of experience.  
A vote in 2002 is not a plan to defeat ISIS in 2016. 
There are two candidates on stage at the  Only one is ready to be commander in chief.
We need to knock down the barriers of racism, sexism, and discrimination holding Americans back. 
It's not enough to only crack down on big banks. We need to go further and tackle other dangerous risks.  
"I’m very proud that we have more than 750,000 donors, the vast majority giving small contributions." Join them → 
"We are not going to deport 11 or 12 million people in this country."  
When we talk about criminal justice reform, we also have to talk about jobs, education, and housing.  
We need a leader on women's health—not just somebody who votes right, but somebody who leads the effort.  
"I think we still have some barriers to knock down—that's why this has been at the core of my campaign."  
"You know, before it was called Obamacare, it was called Hillarycare."  
Cheering her ⬇️ on at tonight’s   this to let her know. 
5 times Hillary Clinton nailed it on the  stage—and what to expect from her tonight. 
We should insist that ending gun violence is a priority in this election. 
 Thank you, Aditi—for all of your hard work in Iowa, and for this.
When this woman had to have emergency surgery, Obamacare saved her life.
Absolutely right: We should provide counsel for children seeking asylum. Thanks,  -H
From fixing the criminal justice system to creating jobs, "Clinton's ambitions match our own."  
"More than anyone else in America today, she is prepared to be president...day one." 
"The most qualified candidate, and someone who is, by all reality-based measures, progressive.” 
Let's dispel with this fiction that doesn't know what he's doing. He knows exactly what he's doing. 
 More  will:1. Reduce the gender wage gap2. Provide high-paying jobs 3. Increase innovationThis one’s a no-br…
Asking Tamir's family to pay for his ambulance is heartless. Cleveland should drop this fee.  -H
In 2014, Public Advocate became the first woman of color to hold citywide office in New York City. 
HBCUs graduate the majority of African American teachers in our country. We should support and reward HBCUs and the vital role they play.
 15)Finally, I BELIEVE: Others say they wanna, others say they're willing. But only can DO. Dropping my…
We're going to fight for real solutions that make a real difference in people's lives. 
The next president could transform SCOTUS for decades. Whether we fight climate change or sit by is at stake.  -H
It’s not whether you get knocked down that matters, it’s whether you get back up.
Glowing with pride in Columbia, South Carolina. 
 Hillary's FIRST SPEECH was on ending mass incarceration. She's learned the lessons that the 90's taught us all...; she hears …
 President on the choice in 2016: "Who's the best changemaker?"
Let Hillary know you're with her. 
Text FIGHTER to 47246 to tell Hillary you're standing with her today.
  has a college plan that would dedicate $25 billion to HBCUs. That’s just one reason  
Fighting to improve the lives of kids and families—and never giving up.
 Hey everybody, you good?After time on the road w I can CONFIDENTLY say:  because she’s with u…
 GM! She’s fabulous,smarter, and she is so ready 2 lead this country. is my choice for president. 
You’re the reason we’re going to win this nomination and then win this election together. 
This is only the beginning. We fought hard for every vote—now we take this campaign to the entire country. 
If you’re standing with Hillary tonight, let her know. 
Tell the world you’re proud to stand with Hillary. Get your free magnet now → 
If you're with Hillary, now is the time to stand up and say so. If you can, pitch in to show her you’re with her: 
To everyone who supports this campaign: Thank you. You’re the reason we’re here. 
Add your name if you're with Hillary and ready to fight twice as hard. 
“You’re the reason we’re here. You’re the reason we’re going to win this nomination and then win this election.” —Hillary in NH
“I know that doesn’t fit with the narrative—there are those who want to deny the passion and purpose you show every day for this campaign.”
“More than 700,000 people have contributed to this campaign, the vast majority giving less than $100.” —Hillary in NH
"It’s not whether you get knocked down that matters, it’s whether you get back up." —Hillary in NH
"When people anywhere in America are held back by injustice, that demands action." —Hillary in NH
"A president has to make sure nothing holds you back—not debt, not discrimination, not a deck that’s always stacked for those at the top."
"People are angry. And they have every right to be. But I know they’re also hungry. They’re hungry for solutions." —Hillary
"We’re going to fight for every vote in every state. We’re going to fight for real solutions that make a real difference in people’s lives."
To congratulations. To New Hampshire, thank you. And to our volunteers: I’m so grateful for what you built. Now, onward. -H
  if you voted for in the  primary today!  
 1. I believe is the ONLY ONE who will protect the progress has made. 
Not much time left to vote in the NH primary! Hillary needs you: Confirm your polling place here, then head over. 
The New Hampshire cold won’t stop us! Say you’re with her:  
“She’s the single best changemaker I’ve ever met." Watch closing argument for Hillary. 
Say “Hillary”! 
 There’s one candidate who stands above the rest on women’s health.
 I just signed my commit card to vote for Hillary, so we can protect and build on the progress we've made. Join me? htt…
Granite Staters: Show off your voting pride with an  selfie, ; tag it with  (📷: 
Taking a break from knocking on doors to hear what's keeping one family up at night—and see how she can help.
Checking in to say hi to Hillary on primary day in New Hampshire. 
Hillary and share a lot of big progressive goals—but they differ in how they plan to achieve them. 
 It may be cold outside, but Hillary warms our hearts here in Concord    
 Great talking to voters and volunteers in New Hampshire today.  Don't forget to vote!  Today is the day! 
Scenes from the homestretch in the Granite State.  
Hey New Hampshire! If you have questions on how, when, or where to vote today, we’ve got answers here: 
It's New Hampshire Primary Day! If you're with Hillary, let her know why by tweeting  
 Cast my vote for in Madbury! Find your polling location:   
 Time to fuel up with some hot coffee. Bringing some your way soon, Derry supporters! 
Granite Staters, today's your day.  this to remind everyone voting today why we need Hillary in the White House. 
They're counting on you, New Hampshire. Go vote!
 Questions about voting TODAY? Need a ride to the polls? CALL US!  
Primary Day is here, New Hampshire! Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling location. Hillary’s counting on you. 
Good morning, New Hampshire! See you at the polls. 
The New Hampshire primary is today! If you're with Hillary, let her know now: 
 New Hampshire, now is the time! Confirm your polling location and hours:  
"She's never stopped fighting for children." 4 people explain why they canvass for Hillary:  
 Proud to endorse with the support of and my fellow DREAMers 
“When I vote, it is about my family. And when I vote in this election, it’s absolutely about my daughter.”
"I will get up every day and do everything I can to make a real difference for you, your families, and our country." —Hillary in NH
"It's not enough for a president to stop bad things from happening...I think it's important to try to start good things." —Hillary in NH
Tomorrow, New Hampshire voters head to the polls! Watch Hillary's last rally before the  primary live: 
 8 pm on Monday. During a snow emergency. But you'd NEVER know it at GOTV event in Hudson  
Want to know a secret? The best way to get someone to vote is to ask. NH votes tomorrow—help  
 Look at all the supporters who trekked out in the snow to cheer her on. DEDICATION.  
America's opportunity gap is not just about economic inequality. It is also about racial inequality, and we need to tackle both together.
Yesterday, Hillary went to Flint to hear directly from a community whose concerns have too often been ignored. 
"I am here because for nearly two years, Flint's water was poisoned."
Tomorrow's the NH primary, and Hillary needs you. Find your NH friends on Facebook and let them know why  
This campaign is about building the kind of future we want the next generations to come into.
 is taking over Hillary’s Instagram today from NH! First stop, breakfast:  
 I’m taking over Hillary’s Instagram from New Hampshire today!  Follow along: 
 "More than any other US president, Sec. Hillary Rodham Clinton will be a president for children," says NH lawyers 
 Leaah wants to President when she grows up. That's why she's here to support  
Pancakes, coffee, and laughs in Manchester, New Hampshire. 
Sending warmest wishes to everyone celebrating the Lunar New Year! May you have peace and prosperity in the year ahead. -H
This is it: Your last chance to say you're with Hillary before the New Hampshire primary! Commit today: 
Time to  Call 3 Hillary supporters in NH and remind them to vote on Tuesday. You don't even need a 📱! 
“You deserve justice, and you deserve equality under the law.”
What’s it like to watch football with Hillary explains.
 doesn't say who do u want me 2 blame. She says what do u want me 2 do?    
"The children of Flint are just as precious as the children of any other part of America." —Hillary in Flint today 
“Do not grow weary doing good. Do not get discouraged. Do not give up.” —Hillary in Flint
"This is not merely unacceptable or wrong, though it is both. What happened in Flint is immoral."
 "What happened in Flint is immoral" - meeting with Mayor Weaver and  residents.  
"Clean water is not optional. It is not a luxury." —Hillary in Flint, MI. Watch live: 
 Thank you Flint for such a wonderful welcome - the church is packed out to the hallway. 
Civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer dedicated her life to securing voting rights ; ending racial injustice.  
  You gotta ❤️ the positivity and passion  supporters have. Beautiful.  
Cuando los precios de los medicamentos aumentan astronómicamente vidas penden de un hilo—la historia de una familia: 
Here's an easy way to help Hillary win in New Hampshire—it only takes 5 minutes! 
Thousands of people are saying  before the New Hampshire primary! Don't miss your chance: 
3 days until NH heads to the polls! Here’s one thing you can do right now to help Hillary—no matter where you live. 
Only reaction to  Bring it on. 
 “I’m the last person she wants to run against."  
When Republican candidates describe deporting millions of immigrants ; repealing the ACA as "leadership."  
Confirmed.  
Here we go.  
  if you agree:  is so much better than the  
Knocking on doors and talking to voters in snowy Manchester, New Hampshire. 
Things got exciting when Chelsea got her first hit at softball. Hillary tells the story:
 Reason # 45 to answer your door during primary week: might be the one knocking!  
Well done, LGBT kids don't need to be "cured" of anything.  
Three days to New Hampshire.  
Some of the toughest, hardest working leaders in America joined Hillary on the campaign trail in New Hampshire. 
  My mother is the only one consistently talking about the right to choose. This is an issue about equity…
Watch live on Hillary talks to students at about the issues on their mind. 
We’re fighting for the millions of people who can’t wait.
 In the GOP primary, there's a whole lot of choices. There's just not a lot of differences.
"I'm fighting for the millions of people who can’t wait." Hillary at  
  firing up the over flow crowd at Concord GOTV    
 "When she was Secretary of State, she repaired America's reputation around the world." –Sec. 
This young man’s story about depression is exactly why we can’t repeal or replace the Affordable Care Act. 
A moment backstage in Manchester, NH: "I'm taking care of my mom, she has Alzheimer's."
Time to  Send an extra nudge to a NH voter to make sure they vote by texting NOTE to 47246📱 
 This amazing group of high school students drove all the way from CT to NH to see 
The New Hampshire primary is almost here! Ready to stand with Hillary? Say  and commit to vote: 
You should never have to choose between your family ; your paycheck. Proud of all we accomplished with  paid leave for all. -H
  "You want a President who will roll up her sleeves and make a difference." ← That's right! 
"I’m proud of the experience and judgment I would bring to this job. A president has to be able to do ALL parts of the job." —Hillary
"I’m a progressive who likes to get things done. And I’ve learned that you have to be both a dreamer and a doer." —Hillary in NH
  just gave our Clinton Team Leader a shoutout in front of 1000s of fired up NH Democ…
"Sen. Sanders ; I share big, progressive goals for our country—but I believe I’ve laid out stronger plans for how to achieve them." —Hillary
 "I'm with her." –Everyone at   
"We also need to break barriers of racism, sexism, discrimination against LGBT Americans, immigrants, ; people with disabilities." —Hillary
"I want to break down all the barriers holding Americans back...but [our] problems can’t be reduced to Wall Street and Washington." —Hillary
Hillary on the Flint water crisis: "Would it have happened if they were rich and white instead of poor and black?" 
 "New Hampshire's never quit on me ; I won't quit on YOU!"  at 100 Club if you agree: We're here for Y…
 This is how you welcome the next President of the United States to the stage at   
"I’m so proud of the campaign we’ve built here. Thousands of volunteers are pouring your dreams and determination into this." —Hillary in NH
Watch live: Hillary speaks at the  dinner in Manchester, 4 days before the NH primary →  
Dedication. 
 I won't cut Social Security. As always, I'll defend it, ; I'll expand it. Enough false innuendos.  -H
4 days until the NH primary! Join Team  send you one thing to do each day to help Hillary win ➡ 
  is on full display ahead of the 100 Club Dinner in Manchester! 💪 
4 days to the New Hampshire primary—what’s a little snow?Commit to vote for Hillary:  
Families need a president who will deliver results. We can’t wait for promises that can’t be kept. 
      
“This. Is. An. Emergency.” Hillary on the Flint water crisis at last night's 
“If the kids in a rich suburb of Detroit had been drinking contaminated water, there would have been action.”
My heart is with on Trayvon's birthday. Today I'm carrying the memories of his life she shared with me. -H
 A little snow ❄️won't stop us! With my friends ; on the trail today for
In 1968, Shirley Chisholm became the first African American woman elected to Congress.  
 Today, endorses for the President of the United States.  
 Snow or shine,  For 4 more days, we're the most powerful voters in the world—let's do this!  
Will you caucus on Saturday, February 20th? Add your name here! 
"Regardless of how hard the days are...be grateful." 
In her closing statement, Hillary called out some of the things she wished they’d brought up in the  
 Our 21 AMAZING volunteers made 947 calls tonight!!!     
Let the world know that you’re proud to stand with Hillary. Get your free magnet now →  
Share this if you agree.  
El hecho de que el agua en Flint, Michigan, esté contaminada es indignante. 
There is no place in America for second-class citizenship.  
There are more Flints out there—overwhelmingly low-income communities of color. This is unconscionable. 
"This. Is. An. Emergency." —Hillary  calling for action on the Flint water crisis 
...and while we're at it...  
No questions on this at  but a reminder: women deserve a champion in the White House. 
Hillary ha luchado para que nuestro país progrese y eso es lo que continuaría haciendo como presidenta. 
There is only one person who is ready to be commander in chief on stage at the 
The president doesn't get to choose what issues come to her desk. Navigating foreign policy challenges is part of the job. 
The president is also the commander in chief. Only one candidate has the experience, judgment, and plans to keep us safe. 
Talking about a vote in 2002 is not a plan to defeat the threat of terrorism we face today. 
✔️ Wall Street✔️ Price-gouging pharmaceutical companies✔️ The gun lobbyWe will go after industries when they hurt families. 
If you're a progressive who wants to get things done, text ImWithHer to 47246.
Hillary está luchando por los que necesitan resultados. Ella no está haciendo promesas que no puede cumplir.  
We already have Dodd-Frank. We need to go further to tackle dangerous risks in the big banks—and outside the big banks. 
We cannot let Wall Street wreck our economy ever again. 
"I'm fighting for people who cannot wait for [change]. And I'm not making promises that I cannot keep." 
We need to crack down on Wall Street risk. Hillary's plan will actually do it.   
 Yeah...no.   
"I'm a progressive who gets things done. Cherry-picking a quote here or there doesn't change my record." —Hillary 
 Hope it's fun in that club of one, there 
If we're going to get into labels, it wasn't very progressive to vote against the Brady Bill five times, and immigration reform. 
This shouldn't be a debate about labels—it should be about making progress. Share this if you agree.  
Health care should be a human right. We should build on the Affordable Care Act—not start over.  
"A progressive is someone who makes progress. That's what I intend to do." —Hillary 
"I'm fighting for people who cannot wait for those changes, and I'm not making promises that I cannot keep." —Hillary at 
 if you're cheering on Hillary tonight.  
This is what a good day for progressives looks like.
On the campaign trail in New Hampshire with and 
Amen. 
This is what was waiting for Hillary when she arrived in NH after winning the Iowa caucus.  
A woman winning the Iowa Caucus isn’t just symbolic—it's "a huge deal for American women."  
 A fist bump w before going onstage last night in Manchester to tell Granite Staters why  
 The week is off to a great start! Check out the best photos so far of  →  
A new dad wrote to Hillary about his hopes for his family:  
As president, I would put an end to drug companies holding families hostage for profit.  -H
Shkreli ; Schiller's testimony today is another reminder: Price gouging is reprehensible and we need to stop it.  -H
When drug companies like Valeant hike prices for profit, lives hang in the balance. One family’s story: 
“As president, she won’t just say she’s going to do something. She will follow through and actually do it.” 
There's no excuse for racism and violence on a college campus.  -H
“Practice the discipline of gratitude.” Hillary on faith, humility, and living a life of service. 
La cárcel no es un substituto para la rehabilitación—Hillary quiere hacer más para tratar a los que sufren de adicción.
We can dream big and fight for progressive values—AND make a real difference in Americans' lives. That is what we will do. 
We have more to do for equality. We're going to fight for LGBT rights, women's rights, voting rights, workers' rights—and more. 
The ACA has brought health coverage to millions of Americans. We are going to build on that progress, not start over. 
It is absolutely unconscionable to lose 33,000 Americans a year to gun violence. We are going to take on the gun lobby. 
"We have a chance to build on the progress we've made and to get results for people...that's my goal." —Hillary 
"I am somebody who actually wants to produce real results in people's lives. I am a progressive who gets results." —Hillary 
We need to fix our criminal justice system and address substance use disorders. Prison is not a substitute for treatment. 
Yes, we need to crack down on Wall Street—but that's not enough. We need to go after corporations that hurt families. 
"No bank is too big to fail. No executive is too big to jail." —Hillary 
Hillary on facing years of politically motivated attacks: "I’m still standing and I will be standing." 
 Q: "How are you going to defend yourself against right-wing attacks?"Hillary: "I've had a lot of practice."
The commander in chief must do everything she can to keep America safe—but military action should always be the last resort. 
 “We’ve got to make sure to protect Roe v Wade, not let it be nibbled away or repealed.”    
We have to protect the gains we've made on LGBT rights and women's rights—and do more to expand them. That's what's at stake. 
We need a Supreme Court that will protect our rights—not corporations' right to buy elections. That's what's at stake. 
"They don't have to be for me. I will be for them." —Hillary on voters who might not support her. 
"We've focused on issues. We share a lot of the same progressive goals; we have different ways of going about them." —Hillary 
We can’t afford to start over when it comes to the Affordable Care Act and mental health services.
  helped win in Iowa and are on fire in NH ; NV. Find out why they are out in force  
 takes the stage in Manchester.  A great day in Derry, Dover and Manchester.  One more stop to go! 
"Yo apoyo a Hillary porque ella apoya a la comunidad inmigrante."  DREAMer 
If you're with Hillary, add your name today! 
4) Hillary's not running to make a point—she's running to make a difference. She'll keep doing that. Please feel free to keep tweeting.
3) An important part of being a progressive is making progress. From health care to fighting inequality, Hillary's record speaks for itself.
2) Now, if you do want to make it about who's a "real progressive," what were you on these days? 
1) This shouldn't be a debate about who gets to define "progressive"—it should be about who will get real results for American families.
Will you vote on Saturday, February 27th? Add your name here! 
 "I am with her because she is the best choice for immigrant families" -- DREAMers in NV endorse 
 says Hillary’s been a progressive “some days.” Hillary responds:
 your courage and activism make a real difference. Honored to fight beside you—you're part of this team, not a press hit.
“Appealing but ultimately empty promises [are] a luxury our loved ones cannot afford.”  
"Some days" we're pretty proud of. 
The middle class needs a raise, not a tax increase. Families should be able to save, build, and get ahead.
A 40-year record of progressive results—boiled down to "some days." 
 if you are, too. 
With her historic win at the Iowa caucuses, Hillary just accomplished what no woman ever has before. 
If you're with Hillary, add your name today! 
 LIVE on   is in Hampton. Watch us live! 
 Backstage in NH w/ ; excited to stand w ; tell Granite Staters why  
While the other candidates "seem downright terrified of the gun lobby, Hillary seems fearless."  
 These little girls are EXTREMELY excited to see Hillary. We've infiltrated the press riser so they can see. 
 Now that's a sign!  
"I know Hillary will fight for the issues most important to me and to so many women and families."  
Hillary just became the first woman ever to win the  
Ruline, this means the world to me.  -H 
Hillary will fight for real progress, right now. Add your name if you’re with her.  
Thank you, Iowa. 
 There's a lot of choices in the GOP field. There's just not a lot of differences. We can't afford a Republican in …
 As POTUS, The guy who won Iowa...would repeal the ACA, defund and give huge tax breaks to the wealthy. (2/5) ht…
“I will keep standing up for you. I will keep fighting for you." Hillary’s remarks the night she won the  
 Clinton set to receive 23 of Iowa’s delegates and Sanders will earn 21, based on results reported by the AP 
 ✅ 
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you'll be by her side for the next part of this campaign. 
No matter who you are, what you look like, what faith you practice, or who you love: She’s fighting for you.
Watch live: Hillary speaks in Nashua, NH after a historic win in Iowa. 7 days to the  primary! 
 T-7 days until the  primary! The Upper Valley team is fired up post IA for  
 Strong early morning viz for in  this morning! 1 week till   
 After a win in Iowa,  is ready to welcome back to the Granite State this morning!  
Sums it up.  
History: made.  
Are you with Hillary? Let her know: 
Muchas gracias a todos los que trabajaron tanto en Iowa. Mañana continuaremos luchando.
So grateful to everyone who gives your all to support this campaign. You made this possible. 
Hillary agradece desde el fondo de su corazón el esfuerzo de todos en Iowa.
From the bottom of my heart: Thank you, Iowa. -H 
 if you're on her side all the way to the White House.  
"I will keep doing what I’ve done my entire life. I will keep standing up for you. I will keep fighting for you." —Hillary
"I will not let [Republicans'] divisiveness—their efforts to rip away the progress we’ve made—be successful." —Hillary
“I know we can protect our rights: women’s rights, gay rights, voting rights, immigrants' rights, workers' rights.” —Hillary
"I know that we can make college affordable and get student debt off the backs of young people." —Hillary
"I know that we can finish the job of universal health care coverage for every single man, woman, and child." —Hillary
"To the families and friends of this state—I am deeply grateful." —Hillary in Iowa
 If you're still caucusing, stay strong—and stay until the end! We're so close to making history.  
This is it: The  has begun! If you're standing with Hillary, let her know why by tweeting  
 RETWEET so everyone knows—if you're in line by 7pm, you can still caucus!  
Tonight, Iowans will officially start the process of choosing our next president—and may even make history while they're at it.
 If you have questions about the  (or need your caucus location), call (515) 344-4550!  
It’s time to go caucus, Iowa! 🎉Find your caucus location and get there by 6:30 pm! →  
 Are you ready to be at your caucus location by 6:30pm? (Double check where to go →  
Team has been organizing with heart and winning every single day. 
Know an Iowan who’s not sure who they’re caucusing for tonight? Retweet this: 
The problems that are holding American families back are serious, they are urgent, and they call for real solutions.
Text TONIGHT to 47246 to be one of the first to hear from the campaign after the  results!
Hey, Iowa: The caucuses begin in three hours! Caucusing for Hillary is as easy as 1, 2, 3—watch this:
America can’t wait. Families need their next president to roll up her sleeves and make a difference in their lives right now.
A few moments with behind the scenes in Iowa.
 Today's the big day, and we've got her back.  
 Retweet so everyone knows—TODAY is Caucus Day! Look up your caucus location here:   
"You're entitled to give these remarks the love discount—but everything I've told you, I believe with all my heart."
Coffee break on Caucus Day in Des Moines, Iowa.  
Caucus Day is here, Iowa! Text CAUCUS to 47246 to find your caucus location and make a plan to get there by 6:30 p.m. She's counting on you.
 The sun doesn't always shine on  but today the sun shines for our final    
At 102 years old, Iowan Ruline Steininger has pretty much seen it all—except for this. 
Hillary is "one of the finest Secretary of States we've had." 
 She's smart. She's qualified. And yeah, we love her pantsuits. Go to  to tell us  
This is it—the  is today! If you’re standing with Hillary,  to say  
 Caucus day is here! Join Hillary on the road to victory--find your caucus location here:  
This  we honor those who sacrificed for equality ; fought for justice, and we recognize those who carry on the legacy. -H
 shares three stories to explain why Hillary’s the “single best changemaker” he’s ever known. 
The Force is strong with this one.  
Today is the   to say  and make sure your friends and family know where to caucus at 6:30 pm: 
It's  day! If you're standing with Hillary, let her know why by tweeting with  
Today’s the day! Ready to stand with Hillary? Say  now: 
 took over Hillary’s Snapchat to take you behind the scenes in Iowa.  
From the first roundtable in April to the final rally before the caucuses. Let's make history, Iowa. 
The Iowa Caucus is less than 24 hours away. If you have her back, make sure she knows: 
Don’t miss Hillary and live from the last rally before the Iowa Caucus—watch here: 
 Just a few close friends here in Des Moines tonight  
 The  starts in 24 hours!  
To congregations across SC remembering victims of gun violence close to home and around the country today: We're with you. -H 
To: IowaFrom: Hillary
This is it: Less than 24 hours to go until the Iowa Caucus. Can you help Hillary by talking to a few Iowans? 
"What I believe a president has to do is to really listen to what's on the minds of our people."
For this Iowa couple, caucusing is a family affair. 
 Proud to say has 1681 Precinct Captains ( that's all of them) and over 2300 precinct team members   
 On Iowa Caucus eve, some reminders: Millions of Union workers support Hillary Clinton: 
Thousands of people "have better lives, and learned more...just because of her." 
 Iowans ready to bring it home for 1591 volunteers out on the doors in the first shift alone today! 
Follow Hillary on Instagram to see the family selfie! 
Pausing backstage in Cedar Rapids, Iowa to capture the moment.
Fighting to improve the lives of kids and families since day one of her career. 
 1,100 at Washington High. Hundreds will return on Monday night to  for   
“Speaking is hard for me. But, come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.” 
Let's say with one voice: The days of millionaires paying a lower tax rate than teachers, nurses, or firefighters are over.
True in Beijing in 1995, true today: Women's rights are human rights. This center should remain—I stand with Guo.  -H
"Here’s what I know about Hillary: She’s the single best changemaker I’ve ever met in my life."  
“Mrs. Clinton has done her homework on pretty much any subject you’d care to name.” 
 About to hit the stage for our last event of the day! 
  ; I are standing w/ Join us:   
"She wasn't elected to anything—she just made something good happen." on Hillary's work for kids in AR:
What’s happening in Flint is unconscionable—and there are too many other Flints out there.  -H
“I will get up every single day and keep fighting for the kind of America we all want and deserve for our kids.” 
"What I heard in those early days has stuck with me." Hillary on the first 10 months of the campaign: 
 Every door, every call, everyday we're out here!      
  getting SEIU Iowa members fired up before hitting the doors for  
“One of the most broadly and deeply qualified presidential candidates in modern history.”  
  checked all of Lily's boxes in Ames today.  
Making friends in Hanover, NH. 
 is taking over our Instagram account from Iowa today! Follow along:  
Wow. Thank you, Nashua!   
Time is running out to tell Hillary you're standing with her before the Iowa caucus! Commit now: 
 The Times editorial board endorses Hillary Clinton for the Democratic primaries:  
 closing argument for Hillary: "She's the best changemaker I’ve ever met." Watch the new video ⬇️
 Our college students are ready to exceed all goals today!!  
We need to say loudly and clearly: We will not let Wall Street wreck Main Street again.
 Experience, strength, leadership!  I want the person with the MOST experience!That's why  htt…
¡No te lo pierdas! 
"Health care is a basic right. We are 90 percent covered—we gotta get to 100 percent." 
Heart to heart in Newton, IA. 
“I have seen many incredible things...I look forward to seeing a woman president."  
This campaign, in 100 amazing photos.  
 Ted Danson believes knowledge allows her to make the world a better place: 
  is fighting for us!     
Three days to  Say   
Don't miss your chance to stand with Hillary before the  Say  with your custom commit card: 
Trump wasn’t at the latest  his ideas certainly were. 
Hillary is handing over her Snapchat account to today! Don’t miss it:  
Thrilled is making sure women—especially women of color—aren't shortchanged at work.   -H
"I've spent my life fighting for children, families, and our country—and I'm not stopping now.”
"Women across this country need more than rhetoric; they need action."  
 She's fighting for us here in Keokuk ; across Iowa. Incredible turnout and excitement here in Lee County  htt…
Congrats, Cedrick—what an achievement for you, your family, and your teacher!  -H
 Doesn't matter if Trump bailed on his  podium tonight—we can't let him get behind this one. 
We can’t let Republicans take us back to policies that failed us in the past. Add your name if you agree:  
 Lots of bickering, no real plans to strengthen families or keep us safe. 
With every Republican attacking safe and legal abortion, women need more than an ally in the White House: We need a fighter. 
Reproductive rights are human rights. Women—not any of the politicians on stage—should make decisions about their own health. 
Look real hard—you still won't find anyone supporting equal pay, paid leave, or reproductive rights at  
Here you go, 
 When they're all fighting over who's closest to your immigration position...  
Mientras los Republicanos no ofrecen ninguna solución, Hillary apoya una reforma migratoria con un camino hacia la ciudadanía. 
Trump isn’t the only candidate missing from the  stage tonight. So is anyone who would protect DACA and DAPA.
 makes it clear. There's only one thing standing between Republicans ; repeal of the Affordable Care Act: a Democratic president.
There it is: the first candidate at  bragging about defunding Planned Parenthood. We can't let them near the Oval Office.
Una buena pregunta para los Republicanos, ¿no va en contra de nuestros valores discriminar a personas sólo por su religión? 
Muslim Americans: This is your country, too. Islamophobic rhetoric isn't a tool against terrorism—and it has no place in America. 
Meet 7 Republican candidates who are totally unprepared to be commander in chief:  
Want to hear presidential candidates discuss how they'd combat the global threat of climate change? You’re out of luck at the 
Said it before, will say it again: Bluster and chest-beating aren't a strategy to defeat terrorism. 
Aunque Donald Trump no está participando en el  sus ideas están presentes.
Donald Trump isn't on stage at the  you can bet the same backwards ideas and out-of-touch rhetoric will be out in force.
 ¿Puedes diferenciar las ideas de Trump de las ideas de los otros candidatos republicanos? Envía GOP al 47246 para toma…
The  has one thing right: If you want to protect and build on the progress President Obama has made, Hillary's your woman.
 Trump may not be at  but you probably can't tell the rest of their ideas from his anyway. Text QUIZ to 4724…
 I hope everyone is as lucky as I am to have a friend like This is why  
Four days! (Iowans, confirm where to caucus:  
 worked hard to secure health care coverage for millions of Americans—our next president has to protect that progress.
There’s a great story behind this unusual campaign stop. 🎳 
We will go after pharmaceutical companies that gouge patients with pricing. They are wrong, and we will stop them.
 30 days to Primary Day in South Carolina. Commit to vote for right here:  
Predatory drug pricing is unjustified.It is wrong.And it needs to stop. 
 I'm with Let her know you've got her back and commit to vote today:  
“It’s clear she knows how to get things accomplished in these crazy political times."  
To everyone raising their voice to support this campaign: It means more than you know. Thank you. -H 
More proof that women need a president who will stop attacks on women's health in their tracks. 
"The Academy has to catch up with our reality." —Hillary on the Oscars’ diversity problem: 
  if you believe that she 👇 will win!  
 Honored to host you last night. U inspired ; encouraged us ; left a lasting impression on…
Join thousands of people saying  before the Iowa caucus: 
Grateful to have a moment of reflection and community with faith leaders from across the country in Philadelphia today. Thank you all. -H
The NRA has called the shots long enough. and on why we need to repeal gun immunity: 
Leaving no door un-knocked in Iowa. Say you're with Hillary:  (📷: 
Reproductive rights are human rights. Denying them isn’t just a violation—it puts lives at risk. We can’t go back. 
Today ; every day, we have an obligation to confront hate, advance human rights, ; help those fleeing persecution.  -H
No matter who you are, what you look like, or where you come from—you deserve a president who will fight for you. 
 My daughter's reaction to learning there are no women who have ever been before.   
5 days to  Here are a few ways your five bucks help Hillary win in Iowa: 
Gun makers should be held accountable for endangering Americans. I voted against immunity—it's time to repeal it. -H 
Inequality stalks our education system. 
5 days to Iowa! 
  if you'll stand with on Feb. 9. Commit to vote here →  
The South Carolina Democratic primary is Saturday, Feb. 27th.Add your name if Hillary can count on your vote! 
The South Carolina Democratic primary is Saturday, Feb. 27th.Add your name if Hillary can count on your vote! 
The Nevada Democratic caucus is on Saturday, February 20th!Add your name if Hillary can count on you to be there. 
The Nevada Democratic caucus is on Saturday, February 20th!Add your name if Hillary can count on you to be there. 
The Iowa caucus is coming up fast! Say  and commit to vote or caucus in your state: 
The Iowa caucus is on Monday, February 1st!Confirm where you caucus for Hillary. 
 Kudos for innovation to auto-enroll kids in school meals. will build on it when she is in WH. 
We need to raise incomes to lift families out of poverty. 
A president should do everything she can not just to protect reproductive rights, but to advance them.
What's happening in Flint should break all our hearts—and spur us to action. If you are able, give to  -H
We've come too far to let Republicans take us back. Commit to vote or caucus for Hillary.  
 We need an economy that works for everyone–not just those at the top. 
Whether you're 9 or 99, you can help elect Hillary. Step one:  
At the  a young voter asked Hillary about her record of fighting income inequality.
Step 1: Commit to vote or caucus for Hillary → Step 2: Tell the world with your own card 🎉 
No one should have to work around the clock just to get by.
This is it: The caucuses and primaries are almost here. If you're with Hillary, say so:  
El virus Zika destaca la importancia de la educación, investigación y financiación de la salud pública. 
The Iowa caucus is on Monday, February 1st!Confirm where you caucus for Hillary. 
The Iowa caucus is on Monday, February 1st!Confirm where you caucus for Hillary ; 
The Zika virus underscores the importance of public health education, funding and research. What you should know:  -H
Ready to stand with Hillary? Say  with your custom commit card:  💌 
Gender equality and economic equality go hand in hand. You can't fight for one without understanding the other.
 We're proud to endorse today! Women ; girls deserve a feminist woman in the White House → 
 "I'm Hillary Clinton, and I've always approved this message."  
 "When I'm actually in office, [Republicans] say really nice things about me." —Hillary 
Cada persona en este país merece ser tratada con respeto. 
"Every person in this country deserves to be treated with respect.” —Hillary 
We don't make America greater by insulting, demeaning, and demonizing our communities. We're better than that. 
The president has to strengthen the economy, fight for families, and keep the country safe. That's the job. 
"Military action should be the last resort—not the first choice." —Hillary 
"I have a 40-year record of going after inequality.” —Hillary 
Hillary tiene décadas de experiencia y está preparada para continuar el progreso alcanzado por el Presidente Obama. 
"The other side is not talking issues—they're talking insults." —Hillary 
"We've got to do everything we possibly can not to let the Republicans rip away our progress and take us backwards." —Hillary 
When it comes to protecting and building on President Obama’s progress, there’s only one candidate who will get it done. 
Una tristeza. Las familias que necesitan agua limpia no deberían tener miedo de pedir ayuda. 
We are a nation of second chances, especially for young people. Good news from SCOTUS today.  -H
Heartbreaking. Families who need clean, safe drinking water shouldn't have to be afraid to ask for help.  -H
People all over America are sending texts to Iowa (and you can too!).  
See the best moments from trip to Iowa!  
"We can raise incomes if we start paying women the equal pay we deserve for our work." 
 Capacity crowd in Oskaloosa is fired up for this afternoon   
Not being able to vote yet isn’t stopping 17-year-old Patrick from doing everything he can to elect Hillary. 
 Hillary's first job after law school was w/ the Children's Defense Fund.  because remains committe…
One week.   
There is no excuse for letting greed get in the way of people's health. Companies like these should be ashamed. 
 HRC joined on the campaign trail last night in Iowa    
 I. I believe. I believe that she will win. I believe that she will win. I believe that she will win. 
Don’t live in Iowa but want to help get out the caucus? Retweet ☝️  this ☝️ to share with someone who does.
Live in Iowa? Learn how to caucus here! →  
A quick stop for lunch in Cedar Rapids with yesterday. 
No Wall Street hedge fund manager should pay a lower tax rate than a teacher or a nurse.
“The presidency is not an entry-level position.” 
You can’t confront income inequality without confronting gender inequality.  
  editorial endorsement: New Hampshire should go to   
Thank you, Marion, IA!  
“What are our children going to say about your presidency beyond ‘she was the first woman’?”
It’s 2016. The days of dismissing the pay gap as a "women's issue" are over. 
Our favorite Snapchatting senator, is taking over Hillary’s account. Follow along at 👻hillaryclinton! 
No matter who you are, what you look like, or who you love—you deserve a president who will fight for you.
 Met hero at coffee this AM! He's here in Iowa celebrating the endorsement by 
 BREAKING: The Concord Monitor has endorsed for president!   
It’s time to reclaim our democracy. We need to overturn Citizens United, fix our campaign finance system, and protect voting rights.
"Our next president can’t shy away from building on the progress of President Obama."  
51% of public school students qualify for free or reduced-cost lunch. During  Month, let's commit to raising wages.
I'll work my heart out for Iowans and American families every day. Honored to have the support—9 days to the caucus! -H
 RETWEET to spread the good news: the endorsed Hillary!  
 Register editorial board: has needed knowledge, experience:   
Today in 1997, diplomat, author, and humanitarian—became the first woman secretary of state. 
To all the  volunteers canvassing in the cold today: you are champions! (📷: 
T minus 9 days to Iowa— to make sure every caucus-goer sees this video. 
 Louie ; Louise met volunteering for now they're best friends ; canvass every day in Berlin  
“We worked with Hillary Clinton. Here’s how we know she’s committed to fighting climate change.” 
How much do you know about the loopholes in our gun laws? 
 I invited many presidential candidates, but only 1 responded. I appreciate her courtesy and kind words of support. 
 Meet the gotv fellows of Cola ready to ROCK the last 35 days of the campaign here in  
"The people I've met can't wait...we need to roll up our sleeves and start making progress right now."
  if you agree.  
Just 10 days to the Iowa caucus! Hillary can't do it without you, here’s how you can help.  
On  the future of reproductive rights in America is more vulnerable than ever before. 
Reproductive freedom should be a reality for all, not a luxury for those who can afford it. I'll never give up until it is.  -H
43 years later,  is facing threats in states and the courts. And laws like Hyde keep abortion access out of reach for many. -H
  "Reproductive freedom is key to economic equality for women ; is a champion for both." 
 On this 43rd anniv of  w/ a room full of  voters, we're sending a strong signal that NH is ready for
 Amazing to celebrate the  anniversary tonight with ;  
We’ve come too far to let Republicans take us back. The fight for women’s reproductive rights is far from over. 
 Former Administrators Carol Browner ; on why Hillary will get the job done.  
Love Hillary does, too! Here’s why she finds home makeover shows so relaxing.
10 days to Iowa! Add your name to get a daily email on how to help Hillary win the caucus:  
"Most people remember my son’s death, but I remember his life." Gwen Carr, mother of Eric Garner 
"There is never a day ... in the Oval Office that you can't make something good happen for somebody." 
 This. Is. Amazing.  
  takes the stage—and students scream "I'm with her!"  
 So excited to join in Iowa City tonight!! 😜😜 Hope to see you all there!! RSVP here: 
 The one and only OLIVIA is joining  w   
"In a political landscape this hostile to reproductive rights, words matter — as do their absence." -NARAL's 
"Women need more than a vote or a supportive statement; we need a fighter in the White House."  
33,000 people are killed by guns every year. We’re better than that—we need commonsense reform now.
You shouldn’t have to be rich to make your voice heard. Hillary on why it’s time to reverse Citizens United: 
 Hillary Clinton's Senior Foreign Policy Advisor, Jake Sullivan, responds to plans for ISIS and Iran.h…
Mayor of Flint: “This isn't something that's going to go away.” 
Iowa! Say you will caucus for Hillary Clinton on Monday, February 1st. 
New Hampshire! Say you will vote for Hillary Clinton on Tuesday, February 9th. 
This election is about who can get things done and build on the progress we’ve made.
No one would tolerate these conditions in a wealthy suburb. Detroit students and teachers deserve better. -H 
"I'm fighting for everyone who's ever been knocked down but refused to be knocked out."
The progress we’ve made under is remarkable. Hillary on how we can keep it going: 
We need to protect and build on the Affordable Care Act, not start over with another contentious national debate.
A reminder of what we're all fighting for.
 In one year, we could be swearing in a GOP President. We can't afford that.
It's no surprise that two billionaire hedge fund managers have launched an ad blitz against Hillary. 
A year from today, a new president will start to build on legacy, or dismantle it. That's personal to me.  -H
 On paid leave:"For Hillary, this isn't just a moral issue–it's an economic issue." –President 
In exactly one year, we’ll make history—or turn back the clock on the progress we've made. 
Climate change is real. It’s hurting our planet and our people. We can’t afford a president who ignores the science. 
We need a president who will fight for all Americans, not just those at the top.
 "She's the best qualified person running to be President, to do the whole job." -President on
If we want American families to get ahead, we have to make college, child care, and health care more affordable.
Really Senator Sanders? How can you say that groups like and are part of the "establishment" you're taking on? -H
I'm so sorry to hear about this terrible tragedy. My heart goes out to Braden's family and colleagues. -H 
Sarah Palin's got Trump's back. If you want to keep Republicans like them out of the White House, add your name now: 
Every single American should be outraged at what’s happening in Flint, Michigan.  
You shouldn't have to worry about your paycheck or your job when you have a baby or someone in your family gets sick.
LGBT kids don’t need to be “cured,” they need to be loved and supported. 
 UBC, representing 500,000 workers in the construction and wood-products industries, endorses 
Thank you, 
 Mother of Jordan Davis Says Is 'Clear Choice' for President:  
Our fight for equality must continue to ensure transgender people are treated with equal rights and dignity. 
The NRA. Big pharma. The Koch brothers. American families need a champion to defend them from special interests. 
"She is the one person who can bring a tremendous amount of experience to the job of being a world leader."
 action should be upheld so families can stay together and live without fear of deportation. -H 
 Our 5 favorite comments on LGBT equality    via
  is proud to stand with the champion we need to continue our fight  
 You have fought with persistence and great courage for LGBT equality. From one "HRC" to another—I’m proud to have your support. -H
Health care. Gun violence prevention. Immigration. Hillary's been fighting for progressive issues her entire career. 
“Do you think that when you’re president, you’ll be paid as much as a man?”
Catch Hillary on tonight at 9pm ET!
 Read today's great front-page story on 🔥 organizing work in Orangeburg, SC  
The next president has to be able to stand up to Republicans and stop their backward agenda. 
Two weeks to Iowa! 
 Enjoyed packing lunches today in honor of  ; grateful for all who participated in service across the country! ht…
Dr. King's fight for equality in education, in economic opportunity, and in our criminal justice system is still our fight today. -H
Texts from Hillary, debate night edition. If you want in, text WATCH to 47246. 
The children of Flint have been drinking lead-poisoned water for more than a year. That’s absolutely unacceptable.
"Making sure all Americans have clean air and water isn’t just a health issue. It’s a civil rights issue." —Hillary in Columbia, SC
 "We are all diminished by racism and bigotry and injustice no matter who we are." — 
We can’t afford to undo progress. Health care for millions of Americans is too important. 
 Details matter. says what she's going to do and how. I'm with her.
There’s only one candidate who will defend and build on the progress we've made.  
No questions at  but we'll say it now: The women of America deserve a champion in the White House. 
What’s happening with the water in Flint, Michigan is an outrage.  
"If the kids in a rich suburb of Detroit had been drinking contaminated water, we would have done something about it." —Hillary 
We have a choice: elect a president with years of experience working with other leaders to keep the world safe, or not. 
The threats we face are real. The next president will take office in a year—and he or she needs a real plan to defeat terrorism. 
This election is not only about choosing a president—it's also about choosing our next commander in chief. 
We need a president with the experience and expertise to lead in the world and keep America safe. That's Hillary. 
Climate change is real. We can’t afford a president who'd deny it instead of taking action. 
 Taking on Wall Street and protecting Dodd-Frank: She'll get it done.  
"There should be no bank too big to fail and no individual too big to jail." —Hillary 
"There needs to be a concerted effort to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system." 
We need a president who will make quality higher education a reality for every American.  
"I will go anywhere to meet with anyone at any time to find common ground." —Hillary 
 REMINDER: Here's Hillary Clinton fighting in front of Congress for universal health care...in 1993.  
 If we elect a Republican, they'll roll back all of the progress we've made on expanding health coverage.  ht…
Senator Sanders is right: Hillary has been committed to universal health care for decades.  
The ACA is one of the greatest accomplishments of President Obama, the Democratic Party, and America. We shouldn't go backwards. 
"I don't want to see us start over again. I want us to defend and build on the Affordable Care Act and improve it." —Hillary 
"I am absolutely committed to universal health care. I've worked on this for a long time." —Hillary 
We need a president who will always, always put American families over the gun lobby. 
We must end mass incarceration—reform mandatory minimum sentences for nonviolent offenses, increase mental health ; drug treatment, ; more.
It's wrong that black men are more likely than white men to be stopped by police, charged with crimes, and sentenced to longer prison terms.
"There needs to be a concerted effort to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system." —Hillary 
It's time to choose once and for all: Will we stand with the NRA, or stand up to it?  
Hillary has only received one F in her life and she's proud of it: from the NRA. 
Among the top issues Hillary will work toward in her first 100 days as president: "Finally, getting equal pay for women's work." 
Democrats all agree that affordable health care should be a right. We need a real plan to get it done.  
"We need a president who can do all aspects of the job...I'm ready to take it on." —Hillary 
"We have to get the economy working and incomes rising for everyone—including those who have been left behind for too long." 
“What we have to do is protect the Obama legacy...and Hillary Clinton is that person.”  
 Jason Winter for Best Dressed!   
Text BACKSTAGE to 47246 to get behind-the-scenes updates from Hillary at the  tonight.
 Campaign manager Robby Mook joins in on some cheers.   
"We need someone who knows when to...stand her ground, but also when common ground is possible."  
 Accomplishments speak for themselves. Brush up on some of Hillary's:   
The answers on gun violence at the  reached an all-time low. 
“Everything she touched, she made better.”  shares some of his favorite memories of Hillary
 Some pre- inspiration from 
 Proud to stand with fighting together to raise wages for hardworking families! So grateful for your support. -H
No American working full-time should have to struggle to get by. Raising wages will help lift millions out of poverty.
Millions of people like Angelina live with autism—they and their families need our support.
"We have a lot of friends in this race, but we have one true champion."  
"You have the power to choose a nominee who will protect everything we’ve achieved—and stop Republicans from dragging us backward." —Hillary
"I’ll fight to close the loophole that the Charleston shooter slipped through when he bought his gun." —Hillary 
"In one year and four days, a new president is going to walk into the Oval Office—we can't afford for it to be a Republican." —Hillary in SC
 What wonderful news to hear you're cancer-free. What a great way to start the New Year. Now have that glass of wine! -H
A Democratic president is the only thing preventing from being defunded. 
Relieved that American prisoners are coming home from Iran. We must keep working for the return of Robert Levinson. -H
 Starting off today's swing through Iowa with a group of enthusiastic volunteers! 
Hillary picked a reader question out of a hat. Watch her answer → 
Hillary made clear this week: What’s happening with the water in Flint, Michigan is an outrage. 
 These fabulous ladies are ready to  for    
 wants to require universal background checks and hold gun manufacturers accountable. If you agree, sign on: 
“This is incredibly personal.”
 ; they're off to talk to neighbors about Hillary Clinton! 🇺🇸 📋 ❄  
 Can we do a Snapchat? Hillary: Sure! 👻
 interviewed Hillary for the job of president.  
Text BACKSTAGE to 47246 to get behind-the-scenes updates from Hillary as she gets ready for  on Sunday. 
Meet Fayde. He's 8 years old, and his favorite things are Star Wars, chocolate chip pancakes, and Hillary Clinton. 
Hillary and on politics, mansplaining, and reproductive rights:  
What would our country look like under a Republican president? Here’s a glimpse.  
A right without the opportunity to exercise it isn't a right. Low-income women deserve health care. The Hyde Amendment should be overturned.
"I would like to see Planned Parenthood even get more funding." How to ensure all women have access to health care: 
 Portsmouth Herald, Foster's endorse Hillary Clinton in NH Democratic primary:  
No podemos permitir que este tipo de tragedias sigan sucediendo. Nelba perdió a su hija en la masacre de Sandy Hook. 
On the trail in New Hampshire this week, told one of his favorite stories about Hillary:
Just this once, Trump's right: New Yorkers value hard work, diversity, tolerance, resilience, and building better lives for our families. -H
 asked: Does Trump intimidate you? Hillary: “No.”
A Republican president would undo progress on climate, guns, immigration, and a whole lot more. 
Need a good laugh after watching  Catch Hillary on next! 
2 1/2 hours of this? Imagine 4 years.   
They may be arguing, but they agree on so much: denying climate change, repealing Obamacare, and cutting taxes for the wealthy. 
We cannot afford a Republican in the White House. Get your *free* sticker. → 
What you're really hearing at the  More tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy, no real plans for the middle class.
A 10% flat tax? A CEO should never be paying the same rate as a kindergarten teacher. 
Had enough? Do something about it:  
Let’s be clear: Islam isn't our enemy. Hateful rhetoric against Muslims isn't just wrong—it plays into terrorists' hands. 
This is Muslim Americans' country too. The next president should know that—and act like it. 
  
  if the  is getting you pumped up to hear real ideas and solutions from this weekend! 
 June, 2017: President Cruz's new SCOTUS appointments vote to expand Citizens United decision.   
 If we elect a Republican in 2016, we imagine some things will change in 2017.  
Comprehensive background checks would ensure those who can responsibly own guns do—and those who can’t, don't. 
Nobody's attacking the Second Amendment. We can protect Americans' rights—and also protect families from gun violence. 
If the thought of a Republican president in 2017 terrifies you, text FUTURE to 47246.
Here's the truth: You can't make America greater by insulting, shaming, and demonizing the people of America. 
 HAPPENING NOW: June 15, 2017: SCOTUS strikes down all of VRA in decision-packed day.  
Supporting Planned Parenthood, the ACA, and Supreme Court justices who will protect Americans' rights? Count on it. 
Psst: There's only one candidate—on either side—who's prepared to be commander in chief.  
 Meet 7 Republican candidates who are totally unprepared to be commander-in-chief:  
 March 3, 2017 : Cruz's Carpet-bombing campaign begins. Regarding strategy, says "this is literally our strategy." 
We can't go back to cowboy diplomacy and reckless war-mongering. We need a real foreign policy for the future.  not cutting it.
 BREAKING: August 14th, 2017 -- President Kasich with a historic announcement on his tax plan.  
Our economy—and country—are better off thanks to President Obama and hardworking Americans. Anyone who says otherwise is wrong. 
 While the GOP debates their priorities for 2017, we'll be giving you updates from a future where one of them becomes p…
What might 2017 look like under a Republican president? Follow to see (spoiler: not good) → 
Always a great time with Thanks for snapping with us! (👻: HillaryClinton) 
 "Any right that requires you to take extraordinary measures to access it is no right at all." - 🙌 
 Tonight is the first  in 2016. Relive Republicans' greatest hits of 2015 ⤵️
Hillary sat down with and to discuss what’s at stake in the 2016 election. Hint: A lot. 
Hillary "has the experience and right judgment to deliver results for families across the country."  
 She has the experience, bold plans ; will deliver results -Former AG on his endorsement of Hillary today 
 on the human cost of our broken immigration system and her mother's first trip to Peru in 16 years. 
 President wants to meet YOU in Iowa!Add your name now for the chance to win →  
Health care should be a right for every American. We should build on the progress we've made with the ACA—not go back to square one.
"From the time I met her 45 years ago this March, she's the best changemaker I've ever known."  
New Hampshire! Add your name here if you will vote for Hillary on Tuesday, February 9th. 
New Hampshire! Add your name here if you will vote for Hillary on Tuesday, February 9th.  
New Hampshire! Add your name here if you will vote for Hillary on Tuesday, February 9th.  
New Hampshire! Add your name here if you will caucus for Hillary on Tuesday, February 9th. 
New Hampshire! Add your name here if you will caucus for Hillary on Tuesday, February 9th. 
New Hampshire! Add your name here if you will caucus for Hillary on Tuesday, February 9th.  
Iowans! Add your name here if you will caucus for Hillary on Monday, February 1st.  
Iowans! Add your name here if you will caucus for Hillary on Monday, February 1st. 
 Mi mamá finally got to go to Peru and see her father for the first time in 16 years. This is our story. 
Iowans! Add your name here if you will caucus for Hillary on Monday, February 1st. 
Iowans! Add your name here if you will caucus for Hillary on Monday, February 1st. 
 Before President can finish one event, the next one at is already packed!  
We’re better than this. 
 Watch to see interview TONIGHT 1/13 at 10PM ET/PT on 
What would a State of the Union be like under a Republican president? Here’s a disturbing preview. 
It’s time to pick a side: Stand with the gun lobby or stand up to it. 
From protecting voting rights to challenging discrimination, was one of our finest Attorneys General. Honored by his support. -H
  laid out how he's paying for his agenda today.He just left out his $15 trillion health care plan. ht…
Ending the gun industry’s immunity from lawsuits is critical to tackling the epidemic of gun violence in America. 
 by the numbers: 18 million insured, 14 million new jobs, 27 executive actions to stop gun violence... 
We can't let Republicans rip away progress. Add your name if you agree: 
Seven years of progress. We need to build on it—not go backwards.  
 If a Republican president were giving this  you might hear something different about voting rights. 
 2016 matters: A Republican  would have some different thoughts on campaign finance. 
Couldn't agree more with We need to make voting easier, not harder. 
 ha mantenido la economía fuerte y el país seguro. Eso es lo que el presidente tiene que hacer. Es su deber. 
 Who could disagree with this? A Republican president, if we elect one in 2016.  
 has kept the economy strong and the country safe. That's what the president needs to do. That’s the job. 
We can't afford a president who won't admit climate change is real. It's real. It's a fact. And we will take action. 
Thanks to 18 million Americans are covered under the ACA. We won't put their health care into the hands of Republicans. 
 The numbers don't lie. →   
 is confirming what we know: Our economy—and our country—are stronger under a Democratic president. 
 If we elect a Republican in 2016, the next  would probably sound a little different. 
 is right: Progress isn't inevitable. We have a choice between pushing forward—or undoing all the work we've done. 
America is better because of leadership. Proud to call him my friend. Let’s build on his progress.  -H 
It's time to stand up to the gun lobby. Join the fight: 
“An open seat at the State of the Union will honor gun violence victims—including my 6-year-old.”  
A year from now, a new president will walk into the Oval Office. We can't afford to let it be a Republican. 
You can sue a company for making an unsafe toy—but not for making an assault rifle used to kill children. 
A Republican president could stack the Supreme Court with justices who will rip away all of the progress we’ve made. 
 Loved meeting everyone at the Early Learning Roundtable. Thanks to the panelists and all who attended! ht…
At  Hillary said she supports repealing the Hyde Amendment. Why that matters:  
On the trail in New Hampshire, world champion led us in a chant she knows well—with a new twist. 
   announced today our endorsement of as the strongest  candidate. 
 Hillary consistently put the safety of Americans ahead of the interests of the corporate gun lobby. 
“As a woman seeking the presidency...it’s a really delicate balancing act.” Tomorrow on
“Bottom line: Sanders and Clinton are both good on reproductive health—but Clinton pushes harder.” 
 Thank you Excited to be here today! 
 We are proud to endorse for President of the United States. Join us here:  
Thank you, 
Our criminal justice system is broken. We need to end mass incarceration and close private prisons. 
Immigration raids are sowing discord and fear among our communities. We should end them. 
"We have systemic racism and bias that is implicit in our [criminal justice] system." 
 "Terminaré con los centros privados de detención y con la detención familiar," dice  
Hillary at tonight’s  
"Reproductive rights are a fundamental human right. No government should tell a woman what she can do with her body." —Hillary at 
  when asked if she’d vote to repeal the Hyde Amendment she responds “YES” 
"We've got to disrupt the school to prison pipeline—we need a cradle to college pipeline." —Hillary at 
"We have systemic racism and bias that is implicit in our [criminal justice] system." —Hillary at 
"I am going to end private detention centers. I am going to end family detention." —Hillary at 
  believes we should not be conducting raids and roundups that sow fear and division in our communities 
"I do not think raids are an appropriate tool to enforce immigration laws...They are sowing discord and fear." —Hillary at 
   
"You stand for everything that I want in a president.” 
One of these people could decide the future of your rights.  
How does a presidential candidate spend a night with friends? Find out on with
Thank you, and  
  vowed to take on barriers to abortion access—incl. the  which she opposed publicly as FLOT…
  calls  Texas court case "the biggest challenge to Roe v. Wade in a generation." 
Backstage at Tune in today to see Hillary play Heads Up! and talk selfies with Ellen. 
 I’m proud to stand in support of as she fights for the Democratic Presidential nomination. 
"Young people need a president who will stand up to inaction [on guns]...that person is Hillary."  
 Priorities matter.  
We're not going to raise incomes for middle-class families by raising their taxes.
Sunday inspiration: A little cold is no match for organizers and volunteers! 
 Today at  promised to always  
 We need a president tough enough to stand up to the gun lobby. is that person.  
Honored to have and support. 
 What’s saving Americans from the assault on  Our pro-women’s health president. That’s what’s at stake. 
 "We could be facing a future where our daughters have less rights than we do."  
 WATCH LIVE:  event in Manchester with ; → 
 Pantsuit game strong.  
 Today in New Hampshire:✔️   
Affordable health care should be a basic human right—no matter what kind of medical history you have. 
 This is commitment. Sub-zero temperatures can't stop us from helping win  
This 19-year-old voter in New Hampshire was on the fence until he heard speak on Hillary's experience. 
We need to make it easier for parents to balance the demands of work and family. 
Our next president could have the power to transform the Supreme Court for generations.  
What said. 
Republican candidates are putting the NRA’s interests ahead of the safety of our families and communities.
 Like Hillary, is working hard to earn every vote on February 9th!  
This father wrote a letter to his daughters to make sure they know nothing should stand in the way of their dreams: 
A judge in Alabama still opposes marriage equality—and so does every single Republican candidate. 
 "This is like for real, calling for the campaign, you need to vote for Hillary" 
Hillary, Ellen, and duked it out in a game of Heads Up! on Tune in on Monday! 
 is taking over Hillary's Instagram today! Follow for updates from the trail:  
 Love this morning!!  and I campaigning for our next president… 
The new jobs report confirms: The economy is stronger with a Democrat in the White House.  
 "I BELIEVE THAT SHE WILL WIN!"  
It's a make-or-break moment for SCOTUS appointments—we can’t afford to let a GOP president decide. Hillary's op-ed: 
 WATCH LIVE: and at our Portsmouth Women for Hillary event: 
An expectant mother in Iowa asked: What are your plans for parental and maternity leave?
As spoke powerfully on protecting kids from gun violence, said end gun free school zones. We deserve better. -H
2016 should be remembered as the year America decided to take on gun violence.  
The safety of our families is more important than the interests of the NRA. Full stop. 
Why broke with tradition to endorse Hillary:  
 Retweet if you agree with Hillary is certainly the most qualified person running for president. 
 Yesterday made it clear: A Republican in the White House would roll back health care for millions.
 Completely appropriate. -H
  Proud to support a lifelong champion for women's health. See you in NH. Talk soon to coordinate pantsu…
 As President, will be a champion for women ; families, incl ensuring up to 12 weeks of  
 We're excited to announced we're endorsing She'll lead on    
4 reasons we can't let Republicans take their attacks on Planned Parenthood and women's rights to the White House: 
I'll take on Republicans or anyone who tries to interfere with women's health. Proud to have support in this important election. -H
Yesterday was a preview of what would happen under a Republican president. Every single GOP candidate would defund Planned Parenthood. -H
“It’s important to stand up to bullies wherever they are.” 
Climate change isn't some abstract future threat—it threatens our families and economy right now. We need to act. 
LGBT kids don’t need to be “cured” of anything. 
Marriage equality is the law of the land—and that includes Alabama. -H 
Anyone who wants to be president should have a plan to make a real difference for Americans with autism. 
 Selfie technique: 💯 
Planned Parenthood defunded and 3 more reasons a Republican president would be a nightmare for women's health: 
Republicans just voted to repeal Obamacare and defund Planned Parenthood. Good thing we have a Democratic president: 
We have to defend our progress on access to health care. Add your name if you agree: 
 The GOP Congress' first priority was taking health care away from millions. What do you think a GOP POTUS' would be?h…
If any of the GOP candidates were president today, Planned Parenthood would now be defunded ; the ACA repealed. We can't let that happen. -H
This is the only comprehensive plan from a presidential candidate to support families with autism: 
Happy birthday, Kate McKinnon! The feeling's mutual. 
 Hillary Clinton Proposing New Focus on   via
 Must-read this AM from state director ; Citadel alum on addressing racism ; prejudice: 
 Incredibly proud to be a part of this diverse team working for a historic cause!  
It's a disgrace that the government is making money off of lending to college students. We need to end that.
If you can refinance a car payment, you should be able to refinance your student debt.
 These are our GOP Congress’ top priorities for the year. Place your bets on what a GOP president's would be. 
What we learned from first stop on the campaign trail: 
“Dare to compete.” Hillary tells about the athlete who inspired her to run for office.
 shares memories from when he first met Hillary:  
This is a promise: I will always protect a woman's right to make her own health decisions. Honored to have your support, -H
In 2016, everything we’ve accomplished together is on the line. 
“She just makes things happen.”  on the trail in New Hampshire this week. 
Tune in tonight to catch Hillary on Sneak preview:  
 Reminder: called for Wall Street accountability a year before the crisis.  
"You rise or fall on the people who are with you."  you’re with Hillary, text VOLUNTEER to 47246.
 just took action to  Here's how we build on that progress:  
 is right: We can protect the Second Amendment while protecting our families and communities from gun violence. And we have to.
Thank you, for taking a crucial step forward on gun violence. Our next president has to build on that progress—not rip it away. -H
"We need more than an ally. We need a champion, and Hillary Clinton is that champion ." Thank you, ; 
 We’re proud to endorse for president! She’s a true   
Watch what happened when our youngest volunteer got to work at campaign HQ. 
No one working full-time in America should have to raise their kids in poverty.
If Republicans win the White House ; fulfill their promise to tear up the ACA, we’ll have to go back to square one.
12-year-old Olivia made good on her promise to be the youngest volunteer at campaign HQ. Watch the video: 
 "Wherever she is, whatever she's doing: She. Just. Makes. Things. Happen."  on 💪 
No one's had a better seat to watch Hillary's public service career over the past 45 years than
We’ve got to get back to a place where people listen to and respect one another. 
“I don’t want to keep operating on children who’ve been shot.” 
 Hillary in Davenport: "Republicans just want to undo all the progress we've made. The stakes couldn't be higher." 
“I'm a little feminist growing up to help all women with equal rights.” Olivia joins the volunteer team at HQ.
 Hitting the trail for in New Hampshire today.  
 "The next POTUS will appoint between 1 and 3 Supreme Court Justices and I know who I want doing that."  
 President to the people of New Hampshire: "We need you."
We need a fighter for children and families in the White House. 
Dr. Sakran nearly died after a gunshot wound at 17. Today, he's a trauma surgeon fighting to end gun violence. 
 President Obama and Hillary have proposals to tackle gun violence.A GOP President would take any progress away. 
There is power in sharing our struggles—and the fight against diseases like Alzheimer’s is one we can win.
We need a president who will stand up to the gun lobby. Add your name if you agree: 
A Republican president would delight in reversing progress. We can’t let that happen.
This election isn’t about style or rhetoric; it’s about tackling the issues that American families face every day. 
 Hillary will fight for:-Planned Parenthood-LGBT community-Voting rights-Bargaining rights-Immigration reform-Gun sa…
 A Republican President would reverse progress on:✔Gun violence✔Climate change✔Immigration
 WATCH LIVE: Hillary's first town hall of 2016 in Derry, NH.  
Americans need a president who has what it takes to get the job done. 
 Hillary is starting 2016 in NH right where she left off in 2015–on a mission to prevent gun violence.  
It's outrageous that many U.S. moms have to go back to work a few weeks after having a baby—and too many dads get no parental leave at all.
A young man in NH asked: How are you going to make sure me and my brothers are safe from gun violence at school?
You can’t argue with the facts: The economy does better with a Democrat in the White House.
She’s a Grammy-award winning grandma—plus three more surprising facts about Hillary: 
 7 things you never knew accomplished as first lady.  
It’s way too difficult in America to have both a job and a family. In some states, child care costs more than college tuition—that's absurd.
 Who else is excited? →  
We can’t afford to let a Republican take the oath of office next January. 
 starts the new year stronger than ever. To everyone who has supported this campaign: Thank you.
94% of our fourth quarter donations were $100 or less, and more than 60% of donors were women.
The numbers are in: In the fourth quarter, people gave more than $55 million—$37M to the campaign, and $18M to the Democratic Party.
Happy New Year! 
Chip in $1 before 2016 to keep the momentum going!  
What photographers on the campaign trail saw in 2015:  
Tonight’s fundraising deadline is about more than money—it's about standing together. If you're with me, chip in:  -H
 NH has always been special to Hillary. 2015 was no different. See the photos:   
38 states, 524 town hall questions, 89,399 birthday wishes, and more: 2015, by the numbers. 
What happened when Hillary and John McCain went head-to-head in a drinking competition?
"I know what it's like to go into the primaries up. And I know what it's like to come out of them down." 
We need to make it easier for women to get ahead at work while still being there for their families.
 I told that I'd love to help expand the rights under the ADA for millions of Americans  
6 texts from Hillary you might have missed this year... 
We need a president who can take on Republicans and get the job done. 
No parent should have to bury a child due to substance use. It's time we get serious about investing in treatment. 
It shouldn’t be so hard to be a working parent. 
 Your GOP Congress. Getting stuff done. And by stuff, I mean trying to take away health care from 18 mill Americans. 
Middle class families shouldn't be shouldering a tax burden while those at the top profit.
We can make families stronger by cutting taxes, raising the minimum wage, and making sure women get equal pay for equal work.
Whether she's working with world leaders or working across the aisle, we need a president who gets things done: 
We can't let Republicans rip away our progress and give more tax breaks to corporations and those at the top.
There’s no reason for teachers and nurses to ever pay higher tax rates than top CEOs. 
 Hillary Clinton has taken on-Rural health gaps-Out-of-pocket-costs-Insurance companies-Big Pharma-Alzheimer'sht…
 These kids have the best seats in the house ; are ready to talk policy with  
It’s time we treat diseases like Alzheimer’s with the seriousness they deserve.
Little feminists, moms, love stories—some of the most heartwarming campaign moments of 2015:  
We should treat the caretakers who serve 11 million Americans with serious medical needs like the heroes they are. 
 Troops and veterans let 8-year-old Sofia know: "The oath I took applies to Muslim Americans too.  
Parades and yellow ribbons aren't enough. Our veterans deserve world-class health care, benefits, and opportunities. 
 Hillary Clinton visited a town of 996 people in Iowa. Here's how three high schoolers made it happen: 
We have to do more to support people with Alzheimer's, and the families that care for them.  
An Iowa fifth grader asked: "What are you going to do about all this bullying?"
Hot peppers and selfies: 48 hours on the campaign trail.  
This dad is doing everything he can to make this country a better place for his daughters. Read his letter to them: 
Wishing everyone the best this Kwanzaa. To all celebrating—Bill and I send you our warmest wishes. -H
"If you would like help with your campaign, I am available and I would work for candy." 
Captain Khan saved the lives of his entire unit when he bravely stepped forward to investigate a suspicious vehicle.
Can't think of a better day than one with family, food, and the best gift of all: a new grandchild on the way! Merry Christmas. -H
Merry Christmas! 
American families like progress a lot. But the grinches in GOPville? It seems they do not. 
For the families of 5.4 million Americans, a cure for Alzheimer's can’t come soon enough. 
A win for voting rights in Virginia. No one should have to wait hours to exercise their right to vote. 
Happy holidays! Text HOLIDAY to 47246 to hear a message from Hillary. 
An Iowa fifth grader asked Hillary: “What are you going to do about all this bullying?”
There’s something wrong when so many families have such a hard time affording basic needs.  
Your loved ones deserve the best care—without you having to worry about your paycheck.
Happy holidays! Text HOLIDAY to 47246 to hear a message from Hillary.
 It was a wonderful conversation. Thanks for the invite!
 I’m proud to stand with and in the fight to treat and prevent Alzheimer’s disease: 
No one should live in fear because of who they are—we must combat the growing crisis of violence against transgender Americans.
 "She's the best qualified person for the time I have ever seen." 
We can make an Alzheimer’s cure possible by 2025, changing life for millions of Americans. 
"Under my plan, Medicare will cover comprehensive Alzheimer’s care-planning sessions." Hillary on 
 asked: "How close are we to a cure for Alzheimer’s?" A cure could be possible by 2025. 
Every child deserves a loving family. We must fight discrimination against LGBT parents trying to adopt.
A Republican president could nominate as many as 4 Supreme Court justices. Why that should terrify you: 
We can prevent, effectively treat, and make a cure possible for Alzheimer’s by 2025. -H
 Hillary learned the severity of America's heroin epidemic at a town hall in New Hampshire. Then she went to work:
 I just interviewed our next president on with xoxo -GloZell 
 Christmas comes early! and I are thrilled for Chelsea, Marc and Charlotte’s growing family in 2016!  
Your dad and I could not be happier for you, Marc, and Charlotte. We’re so excited to meet our second grandchild! -H 
It is time to put an end to conversion therapy for minors. We should be supporting LGBT kids—not trying to change them.
 American families like progress a lot. But the grinches in GOPville?It seems they do not.
 With Graham out, there's no one left in GOP field who clearly supports comprehensive immigration reform plan that has a p…
The president has to keep families safe and make the economy grow for everyone—not just those at the top.
 Hillary wants to end conversion therapy for minors—the harmful practice of trying to “cure” LGBT kids. 
Hillary’s best  moments, illustrated:  
  and Team  crushed it at the  See the photos:  
Here’s what people were texting Hillary while she was on the debate stage. 
We can’t go back to a foreign policy that views US boots on the ground as a first choice instead of a last resort. 
Here’s why having a former secretary of state in the Oval Office would be a smart move: 
  will work for the struggling, the strivers, and the successful. That's why 
Strong economy? Thank a Democrat.
 22 transgender women—primarily women of color—have been murdered this year. Hillary will work to end this violence. 
Hillary released her plan to protect and expand rights for the LGBT community: 
Hillary is the tough leader we need as our next president. Add your name if you agree:  
Here's a First Lady dealing with China.  
Don't you think?   
La cárcel no es un substituto para tratar la adicción a las drogas, ni para problemas de salud mental. 
 Here's the town hall in Keene   
Prison is not a substitute for treatment for drug addiction and mental health issues. 
Hillary is the only candidate on stage who has pledged not to raise taxes on the middle class.  
Ningún estudiante debería pedir un préstamo para pagar su colegiatura. 
 The Sanders health care plan would turn health care over to the states. Bad news if you've got a GOP gov.  h…
The Affordable Care Act is working—and it's too important to repeal.   
 only one candidate on stage voted to strip the government of power to regulate Wall Street—and it wasn’t Hillary. 
Hillary is the candidate in this race with the experience to be commander-in-chief. Text QUALIFIED to 47246 if you agree. 
After decades of fighting for progressive issues (and 11 hours of testimony in front of a Republican-led committee): 
We can’t afford another major ground war in the Middle East—that's exactly what ISIS wants. 
We can't allow terrorists to intimidate us into abandoning our values—that's not who we are as Americans. We're better than that. 
We're not at war with a religion; we're at war with radical jihadism. Muslim Americans: This is your country too. 
Reason  The NRA has never helped Hillary get elected.  
We should prioritize American families over the gun lobby—period.  
Presidents have to be ready to tackle any issue that comes to their desk.   
We want a fair race. Let's get back to the issues the American people care about. 
Reason 3 of many why Hillary should be our next president.   
America needs a president who can both keep our families safe and make the economy work for everyone, not just those at the top. 
 1-Are folks better off? 2-Do kids have brighter futures? 3-Are we coming together, not apart? gets it, alw…
 You can judge a life of public service by looking at these 3 things when you’re done— all the rest is background music—&gt;
112 reasons (and counting) why Hillary should be our next president:  
Add your name to say you’re with Hillary. 
For the facts during tonight's  follow
If you agree Hillary is the president we need, tell us why you're standing with her:  
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we’ve had." —President Obama 
 603 is THE area code in New Hampshire.And is THE candidate for New Hampshire.
 We believe that she will win!    
To keep America safe, we need leaders who will stand up against hateful speech. 
  as far as the eye can see! 
 Thanks so much to who checked something off my Christmas list this year. 😍🙌🏼  
Our values set us apart. Now is not the time to abandon them. 
 It's been a HUGE week for Team  78 State Reps. said  this week:  
Captain Humayun Khan was an immigrant and an American hero. This is his story.
 Campaign manager Robby Mook and Sen. knocking on doors before  because  
 The  is tonight! Follow along with us today using  
  b/c the LGBT community is  for full equality, and just-released platform will …
Hillary's videographer on what it's like to follow her around the country with a camera:  
 Commentary: Why Infrastructure Is a Social Justice Issue  
We are Americans. We will not turn on each other or our principles. 
 UN takes step to crack down on ISIS financing, which called for last month  
🌈  
Those at the top are doing just fine. It’s your family that needs a raise.
Discrimination against LGBT people goes against everything we stand for as a country.
This year, Republicans reminded us that the Dark Side is alive and well.  
 Such a proud papa to share the campaign trail in Iowa w/ my   
To keep America safe, we need leaders who will stand up against hateful proposals and reckless words. 
 We have faced challenges before and chosen resolve over fear.These Republicans seem resolved to create fear.
The Buffett Rule says millionaires should pay more of what they can afford in taxes. Hillary will make sure they do. 
Congrats on a magnificent career, Abby. Look forward to cheering on with you this summer!  
Hillary on that feeling when you realize your daughter is starting to sound like you.
Are Republicans stealing policy ideas from "The Princess Bride"?  
  to the first  when Hillary declared she's not *just* a progressive. 
How this teen became the first openly transgender elected official in her state: 
Need another reason to be upset with Republican candidates? As you wish: 
The immigrant story is America's story. That's why we need a real pathway to citizenship. 
 is right: we cannot tolerate Trump’s hateful speech against Muslims. 
  2 hours of bluster and fear.Hillary Clinton offered a detailed strategy to keep us safe in 44 minutes. h…
Seven reasons the world is a better place because Hillary was secretary of state: 
Shallow slogans and chest-beating don’t add up to a strategy for defeating terrorism and keeping America safe. 
 was with me while I graduated tonight on my graduation hat!   
Hillary wants to fix our immigration system so we can keep families together. 
We can’t afford another major ground war in the Middle East—that's exactly what ISIS wants.
 Instead of listening to   attack each other, I'm  ; getting folks  
We cannot let Trump or any of the Republican candidates win the White House. Add your name if you agree: 
We are Americans. We will not turn on each other or our principles. That's how we win.  
We're better than this.  
 Meanwhile, just yesterday:    
The candidates on stage talk tough—but they won't even support legislation preventing suspected terrorists from getting guns. 
Solo un candidato en esta elección sabe cómo trabajar con otros países para mantenernos seguros—ella tiene la experiencia. 
A reminder of what a presidential candidate with real foreign policy experience looks like ⬇️   
Only one candidate in this election knows how to build coalitions and make the world safer—because she's done it. 
 Watching this  makes me want to _______ for Hillary.
 Please, Republicans. Tell us more about how you're totally different than Donald Trump.  
This election is about keeping American families safe and strong. The ideas we're hearing from Republicans won't do that. 
We cannot let the Republicans win the White House. Text 2016 to 47246 if you agree. 
There's too much at stake to let Republicans take us backwards.  
No estamos en guerra contra una religion. Estamos en guerra contra el yihadismo radical. Hillary entiende la diferencia. 
We're not at war with a religion. We're at war with radical jihadism. Hillary knows the difference.  
We need serious leadership to keep us safe. Hateful words and extreme proposals that go against our values aren't serious. 
Palabras odiosas y propuestas extremas van en contra de nuestros valores. Necesitamos liderazgo serio. 
 Donald Trump is right about one thing...  
To keep America safe, we need real leadership—not hateful rhetoric.  
Shallow slogans don’t add up to a strategy.  
Meet 7 Republican candidates who are totally unprepared to be commander-in-chief:  
Who said it: Trump or not Trump? Text QUIZ to 47246 to take the quiz. 
Here’s what you need to know about Hillary’s plan to keep America safe: 
Waging and winning the fight against ISIS will require serious leadership. 
 Here's one option: 
 I'm so proud to call you my fellow citizen. ¡Felicitaciones! -H
We need a leader who will keep America safe and secure. Add your name if you agree:  
"Americans will not buckle or break. We will not turn on each other or turn on our principles." —Hillary 
"To all our Muslim American brothers and sisters: This is your country too. And I am proud to be your fellow American." —Hillary
 If Republicans can't show leadership by standing up to the how will they stand up to the threats we face around …
"I have this old fashioned idea that we elect a president to keep us safe...I’m not going to let the gun lobby tell me that’s not right."
"I have news for [Republicans]—terrorists use guns to kill Americans. I think we should make it harder for them from to do that." —Hillary
"It defies common sense that Republicans in Congress refuse to make it harder for potential terrorists to buy guns." —Hillary
 Big differences on display here. Reckless and dangerous rhetoric versus leadership and command of the issues. -LMR htt…
"We cannot allow terrorists to intimidate us into abandoning our values...that is not who we are as Americans. We are better than that."
 The point here; sees the big picture - taking on not just ISIS but also the broader radical jihadist…
"Bluster and bigotry are not credentials for becoming Commander-in-Chief." —Hillary in Minneapolis
"Promising to carpet bomb until the desert glows doesn’t make you sound strong—it makes you sound like you’re in over your head." —Hillary
"We can’t afford another major ground war in the Middle East—that's exactly what ISIS wants. Shallow slogans don’t add up to a strategy."
"It is not enough to contain ISIS—we must defeat ISIS. Break its momentum, and then its back." —Hillary
"The phrase 'active shooter' should not be one we have to teach our children. But it is." —Hillary in Minneapolis
Watch live: Hillary details her plan to defeat ISIS and protect Americans at home and abroad → 
Add your name to make sure Donald Trump never becomes president. 
Add your name if you agree: We can't afford a Republican president. 
Add your name if you agree: We can't afford a Republican president. 
Add your name if you agree: We can't afford a Republican president. 
 Hey folks. I'm Laura Rosenberger, Hillary's foreign policy advisor  I'm taking over this account for …
 Very excited to hit the road for in 2016. Iowa on Jan 9. and more stops announced soon! What does a STUMPER…
 Marriage equality is the law of the land—but there are so many more fights to be won for LGBT rights.
Smart power: “There was nobody better at wielding it than Secretary Clinton.”  Albright
We can't sit idly by while Republicans shame and blame women, demonize immigrants, and say climate change isn't real.
  because is committed to the fight for full LGBT equality.  
 20 years after the Dayton accords, a powerful reminder of the strength we draw from openness and diversity. 
This is what it would be like for a former secretary of state to be president: 
 I'll be caucusing for in Iowa this February. Families like mine need a fighter. More on why here ; 
Hillary won’t let the Republicans rip up the progress we’ve made on health care.
It’s a fact: The economy does better with a Democrat in the White House.
 Hillary will work to remove barriers that hold immigrants back from gaining citizenship.  
 "Hillary has spent her entire life fighting for families, women, and children." -  
 Republicans are threatening to undo the progress we've made on LGBT rights. That's a throwback we can't afford.
Trump no es el único Republicano con opiniones ofensivas. 
 Exciting opportunity to join and on Mon for kickoff  call. Sign up htt…
 WATCH: a sixth-generation Iowan and an LGBTQ activist, on why he’s supporting Hillary →
  because knows we're  for full LGBT equality. 
"I don't think I have ever met someone more prepared to be president."  Albright on Hillary
  because knows we're  for full LGBT equality. 
  because gay rights ARE human rights!  
"Even though marriage equality is now legal nationwide, I’m still fighting."  
We are  to ensure that transgender people are treated with the equal rights and dignity they deserve. 
Text THROWBACK to 47246 to receive a never-before-seen photo of Hillary:  
A Republican president could nominate as many as four Supreme Court justices. Why that should terrify you: 
Keeping our families and communities safe shouldn’t be controversial. 
Secretary of state, presidential candidate, Grammy winner. More surprising facts about Hillary here: 
"Too many people think that the fight for LGBT rights ended with marriage equality."  
Sometimes a grandma needs to make a pit stop to shop for her granddaughter. 
Hillary's statement on the Paris climate change agreement: 
The Paris climate agreement is an historic step. We don't have to choose between economic growth ; protecting our planet—we can do both. -H
If you agree, add your name:  
A four-decade career in public service, by the numbers: 
Meet a 9/11 responder whose health benefits are being threatened by Republicans: 
 asks: What would make a great first gentleman? Watch Hillary's answer.
If your paycheck doesn’t stretch as far as it used to, you’re not alone.  
Hillary and talk gun violence prevention: “We can sure do a better job than we're doing now.”
 Just three best friends on the set of season 3!  🇺🇸♥️ 
On the set of season 3 with and Amy!  
Symbols of hate create more hate. It's time for the Confederate flag to come down at The Citadel. -H 
 Join me on the very first African American Women for call. Sign up to today! 
 What does really think of Donald Trump?   
Hillary's on tonight! 
 The  Snapchat game is STRONG  
Hillary never backs down from a tough fight—even if it's with some of the worst human rights offenders in the world. 
 "No vamos a prohibirles la entrada a los musulmanes". Una columna de  
What's at stake at the Supreme Court if a Republican is elected president (hint: a lot):  
"Why are you running for president?""Because I want to help little kids." 
Can’t wait!  
Tell to bring a vote on the  for 9/11 responders. Their sacrifice deserves our commitment to their health. -H
 Thanks to for highlighting tough Wall Street stance. 
It wasn’t always pantsuits and presidential races. Some of Hillary's best  moments:  
Last chance! Tonight's the deadline for Christmas delivery. Browse the holiday gift guide:  
  oversaw first comprehensive strategy to combat gender-based violence at 
12 things you can learn from Hillary's throwback photos.  
American workers shouldn’t have to shoulder the burden of corporate tax breaks. 
Today, Germany’s first woman chancellor, Angela Merkel, was named Person of the Year.  
Families need to focus on caring for their loved ones—not paying for health care.
 ‘Best places to work’ have one big thing in common–and it’s not just free coffee.  
No one—including Martin Shkreli—should have the power to price gouge American families. 
Nearly 3 million Americans are Muslims. They deserve better than Republicans’ hateful, dangerous attacks.
Take the quiz! Who said the shameful, dangerous, and extreme quote: Donald Trump or another Republican? 
 Our champion! Great story from about the origin ; impact of Geneva LGBT rights remarks. htt…
 "I'll give them this: Republicans are consistent. Consistently wrong, yes—but consistent!" –Hillary 
Donald Trump’s anti-Muslim proposal is extreme—but not by the standards of the rest of the 2016 Republican field. 
 -Saying a Muslim shouldn't be president-Religious tests for refugees-Invoking NazisIt's not just Donald Trump:htt…
 is a critical step to giving all children a quality education. Let's work to ensure it lives up to its name. -H
Take the “Trump or Not Trump” quiz—even if you get every answer right, America still loses. 
"What you’re hearing from Trump and other Republicans is absolutely, unequivocally wrong." Read Hillary's letter: 
If you agree that  text LOVE to 47246 to get the sticker. 
Muslim Americans: This is your country, too. I’m proud to be your fellow American. And many, many other Americans feel the same way. -H
El pueblo Venezolano ha hablado.  
 Let there be light.  
Stick it to Trump with the official  sticker.  
 The is fighting to give cheated consumers their day in court. No surprise that Republicans want to stop it. 
Enough of the shameful, dangerous anti-Muslim rhetoric from Republicans. Hillary responds: 
Jon Stewart returned to to stand up for a cause that a lot of New Yorkers—and Americans—care about: 
Trump’s hateful comments aren’t just an affront to our values—they’re a threat to our national security. 
 Sorry  I  because knows hate is not an American value htt…
Tell Donald Trump: Hate is not an American value. 
  in the "How I'd Rein in Wall Street"  
 As a single mom of 2 daughters, I freaking loved Hillary's snap chat today. 
On this day in 1993, Toni Morrison became the first African American woman to accept the in Literature. 
Declaring war on Islam or demonizing Muslim Americans is not only counter to our values—it plays right into the hands of terrorists.
"Americans now have to move from fear to resolve." Hillary on her plan to defeat ISIS: 
Every Republican senator running for president voted against making it harder for suspected terrorists to buy guns. 
Hillary's new plan ; exit tax will ensure companies like Pfizer can’t leave the US to avoid paying their fair share. 
The US women's soccer team faces unequal treatment in playing surfaces and pay—but they're not alone. 
 Night 2 at HFA in Brooklyn!    cc: 
En un paso democrático, el pueblo venezolano votó por el cambio. Estamos con el pueblo venezolano. 
This is reprehensible, prejudiced and divisive. you don't get it. This makes us less safe. -H 
You know Hillary's a candidate—but did you know she's also a  winner? More things you never knew about her: 
Need some motivation this afternoon? Follow Hillary’s lead:   
 inspires millions of students, especially girls, to learn to code. Excited to see what they'll create. 
On the date that will live forever in infamy, we honor the sacrifice and courage of all who bravely fought and died at 
 snap story is 🔥🔥 today! 
Our goal must not be to deter or contain ISIS. Our goal must be to defeat ISIS. 
  is right to fight GOP efforts to sneak financial reform rollbacks into the funding bill. 
If the GOP wants to put our economy at risk to help Wall St, we should be ready to fight back and win. My op-ed:  -H
Just 11 words from Hillary sent this powerful message ofequality around the world. 
Warm wishes to everyone celebrating Hanukkah. May the miracle at the center of the Festival of Lights bring you courage and hope. -H
No one should face discrimination because of who they are and who they love. That’s why Hillary is 
  we need to embed our strategy to defeat ISIS in broader effort to dismantle global infrastructure of r…
 There is no alternative to american leadership. But we need our partners to join this fight.  
  It's in US "national interest to have an Israel that remains a bastion of stability ; a core ally in a r…
 Live now: introduces today's  keynote speaker. Watch here→ 
 Four GOP senators running for president. Four senators who voted against this bill.  
Quality, affordable health care is a basic human right—and Hillary’s been fighting for it since day one: 
From climate change to Comic-Con, there's an “H” for every occasion. Find them all on Pinterest! 
  took a bold stand against gun violence. Time for every lawmaker to do the same. 
"I’m not going to let anybody undermine collective bargaining rights or prevailing wage standards." —Hillary 
Thrilled to have you on Team Hillary, ¡Muchas gracias! 
7 proud feminists who aren't apologizing: 
Hillary has always stood with Planned Parenthood—and always will.   
 Republicans say they can stand up to terror, but they can't even stand up to the NRA.  
Proud to stand for quality, affordable health care. Proud to   
In the face of unconscionable attacks, we should all  against hateful rhetoric and violence. -H
Heartbroken for the victims' families and our friends at -H 
A girl-power playlist in honor of “Waitress”—a musical that’s about to make Broadway history: 
"Progressives believe in making progress, which is why I'm proud to endorse Hillary Clinton." Thanks, 
Every Republican senator running for president voted against making it harder for suspected terrorists to get a gun. 
It’s not complicated: If you are too dangerous to fly in America, you are too dangerous to buy a gun in America.
This should be common sense—yet Republican senators blocked a bill to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns. 
 Given a common sense measure to keep our country safe, here's how Republicans responded:  
Hillary's plan to repair roads, expand internet access, and create jobs is a “down payment on America’s future": 
 We have endorsed for President. Toughness, strength, intelligence, and experience. Our statement: 
Women and girls can stand straighter and speak louder because of the examples set by these artists:  
Now the most qualified can serve in any military role, regardless of gender—as it should be. -H 
Americans with disabilities are leaders in every corner of our society. I salute their contributions to our country on  -H
Women deserve access to the health care they need—without interference, intimidation, or violence.  -H 
Love this message from From running the field to running the world, girls can do anything.  
Our roads, bridges, and airports are in a sorry state. Hillary will invest in the infrastructure America deserves:
 500 days is 500 too many. Iran should immediately release Jason Rezaian ; all Americans detained/missing  
"If you are too dangerous to fly in America, you are too dangerous to buy a gun in America." —Hillary
“We cannot go on with losing 90 people a day to gun violence...We need to take action now.” —Hillary
"No matter what motivation these shooters had, we can say one thing for certain—they shouldn’t have been able to do this." —Hillary
Hillary has been fighting for affordable health care for over 20 years – and she’s not about to stop now.
I refuse to accept this as normal. We must take action to stop gun violence now. -H 
Families pay over $500 per year on car maintenance because of deteriorating roads. We need to invest in our infrastructure.
 Proud to support a Latina at heart. Text RICKY to 47246 to join us. ¡Pa´lante!  
  said that no one's trying to ban contraception. found 5 times he tried to ban contraception. h…
 Ted Cruz says no one is trying to ban contraception. Here are five times he tried to do *exactly* that: 
Hillary talked health care, being a grandmother, and more on 
Hillary’s tribute to Rosa Parks in Montgomery, Alabama today: 
Ted Cruz says no one is trying to ban contraception. Here are five times he tried to do *exactly* that: 
 U. R. The. Best. 
 As President will reassure the world the US will honor our commitments in Paris: 
What would a woman president mean to little girls? This. 
 asked: Why will being a grandmother make Hillary a better president? Read Hillary's answer: 
"We need to put a limit on what Americans are paying out-of-pocket for their medications." Hillary on → 
"Attacking Planned Parenthood is part of a concerted effort to roll back women’s access to health care." —Hillary 
"I want to build on the progress we’ve made under the Affordable Care Act." Hillary on 
Hillary just joined Check out her answers on health care, Planned Parenthood, and being a grandma: 
History often gets made on ordinary days by seemingly ordinary people—December 1, 1955 was one of them. Thank you, Rosa Parks. -H
  sat w/ Rosa Parks at ’99 SOTU- “Rosa hadn’t changed much… but America had.”  
 “I have never met anybody, any conservative who wants to ban contraceptives.” — 
These little girls have a message for America: When it comes to presidents, “44 boys is too many.”
On this day in 1955, Rosa Parks’ act of rebellion on a Montgomery bus sparked a national movement for equal rights. 
As Secretary of State, Hillary worked to improve global health and set the stage for an AIDS-free generation.
Let's commit to an AIDS-free generation: invest in research, fight discrimination, and expand access to lifesaving drugs.  -H
 As seen on  ➞ will connect all Americans to 21st century Internet access! 💻🇺🇸 
Parts of our air traffic control system date to World War II. We invented airplanes; we are the reason the world can fly. We can do better.
Investing in our infrastructure is about more than creating good jobs: it’s about maintaining our status as the world’s economic superpower.
China is investing $180 billion to expand broadband internet access. We cannot be left behind. 
“I want us once again to think big and look up, beyond the horizon, about what’s possible in America.”
Hillary has been fighting for affordable health care for over 20 years – and she’s not about to stop now.
 Will "smart power" defeat ISIS? foreign policy expert weighs in:  
Thanks to this loophole, people who wouldn't pass an FBI background check have been able to get guns anyway. 
Climate change deniers and obstructionists should know—their cynical efforts will fail.  
 Maj General Eric Olson (ret) says that has put forth the best (and only) plan to defeat ISIS so far 
Gifts for everyone on your list, from the capital-F Feminist to the cocktail enthusiast. 
 Twenty-two years ago today signed the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act into law. Lets finish the job!
Una historia de amor. 
 READ: oped on Paris  
 As President, will fight to ensure that climate change remains a priority on the international stage. 
  efforts helped lay the foundation for the joint US-China post-2020 emissions reduction targets.  …
Free shipping on orders of $75 or more at the 2016 shop!   
We should be supporting Planned Parenthood—not attacking it.
 "We should be supporting Planned Parenthood, not attacking it." – at tonight's 
 "It's time to finally guarantee  for women." at   
 WATCH LIVE: speaking at the    
10 members of the “girls’ club” came together to talk about why they’re supporting Hillary Clinton: 
Agreed! (via Instagram/edenrmz) 
 Let's go, New Hampshire!  
What did her mom say when Hillary thought was too hard? The best advice she could have gotten.
Some of Hillary's favorite family-owned businesses on the campaign trail:  
From Olivia, age 12: “I am a little feminist growing up to help all women with equal rights.” Read her letter ⬇ 
Hillary Rodham and Bill Clinton met at law school—and she made the first move. 
Hillary's known the importance of small businesses ever since her dad owned one.
Support small businesses today! They are the backbone of our economy and represent the best of American ingenuity. -H
Today and every day, we  
How did Hillary and feel about dropping off at college? “We were both wrecks.”
Our diversity should be celebrated—not denigrated. 
"She has a light and energy about her that makes you want to be your best." and Dascha Polanco
So much to be thankful for. Wishing a happy Thanksgiving to you and yours. -H 
We're thankful for our official campaign supporters. Add your name to become one! 
Senior policy advisor talks  and being a working mom with 
From Hillary’s record to whether she wears a wig(?!), has your back for awkward family political talk. 
Sign up and we’ll send you a guide to winning your Thanksgiving table debate: 
Statement of Hillary Clinton on the shooting of Laquan McDonald: 
En un chat Telemundo por la web, Hillary habló de Donald Trump, la educación, y los tacos. 
 Want to stay connected with the work is doing? Text PALMETTO to 47246 to join their text list!
There’s no place for second-class status in the United States of America. 
Hillary answers: What’s it like to watch football with your family? 🏈
From immigration to education, Trump to tacos: Hillary’s Q;A with → 
 The award for best use of multiracial emoji goes to snap story  
Politicians have no right to interfere with women's access to health care—not in Texas, not anywhere. 
Today, awards Shirley Chisholm, the first African American congresswoman, with the  
Latinas no deberían ganar 56 centavos por cada dólar que gana un hombre anglosajón. 
Americans who have served their sentences deserve to have their rights restored. Thank you, Gov. Beshear. 
¡Hillary is doing a Q;A on the Facebook page en vivo! Join the conversation: 
 Can U step up to get on the ballot in Indiana? Volunteer 2 help so Colts can vote Hillary  
Providing care for an elderly or sick loved one should not mean sacrificing your own secure retirement.
 has my fav snapchat stories  
Families caring for sick or elderly family members shouldn't have to struggle to pay the bills. 
Proud to  in the fight for affordable health care. Don’t mess with Texas women's health. 
  is focused on empowering this nation economically by building the middle class out" — 
Take an in-depth look at Hillary's plan to defeat ISIS with the campaign's foreign policy expert, 
 What's the Republican health care plan?Repeal and...Repeal and...Well, mostly just repeal.
This feminist dad is making sure nothing stands in the way of his daughters’ success. Read his letter to them: 
 Former Rep. Chet Edwards ; veteran Manuel Sustaita: has remained committed to helping our  
 Finally: a Presidential candidate who recognizes America's "Caregiving Crisis."Clinton offers support for caregivers 
Caregiving for elderly and disabled family members in the US in 2013 was estimated to be worth $470 billion. Caregivers deserve our support.
Every survivor of sexual assault deserves to be heard, believed, and supported. 
Important words from someone who found refuge in America:  
With a GOP majority in Congress, how will Hillary pass laws? See her response to this Q from an astute young lady.
How will Hillary’s college plan help you? Find out with this flowchart:  
We need to protect our communities from the scourge of gun violence. Thank you, 
It's snowing in Iowa right now—and organizers and volunteers are still knocking on doors for Hillary. 
"Who would you pick to play you in a movie?"  Meryl Streep of course!" –Hillary
 "Well, it's official." — has filed to run in SC  
Our values are stronger than fear. Slamming the door on refugees isn’t who we are.
 Republicans totally have a health care plan: It's repeal and...uh...well...
 Tiny Hillary is back ; wanted to know if was able to attend her birthday party on Christmas  
 "We need a president who can handle the tough issues domestically and internationally, and she can."-Sukun  
Louisiana: Today is Election Day! Text VOTE to 47246 to find your polling place—then go make your voice heard!
We’re better than that. 
Have you ever met a president? RSVP today for a chance to meet President  
DAPA would keep millions of law-abiding families together—and its fate is in the hands of the next president. 
 Homework before we head out to canvass for   
We need to say with one voice that transgender people are valued, loved, and deserve to be treated that way.  
 Seeing the hate aimed at people looking to the US for savior, I can’t help but think of this letter from my Opa 
 Glad the Fed is hearing from a more diverse array of family ; community voices--they should be heard on the economy. 
  wants to pass  but until then will fight for DAPA and go further. Republicans would end it. ht…
 It's no substitute for  but DAPA means millions of families would no longer live in fear of being torn apart. htt…
I will fight for DAPA so millions of children won't fear coming home to empty houses. Strengthening families means keeping them together. -H
 I LOVE that HRC's 1st major policy speech was on crim justice reform ; things we can do 2 empower ppl  
Today, joins for a Twitter chat about what's at stake in this election. Join in→  
This is shocking rhetoric. It should be denounced by all seeking to lead this country. -H 
No one working full-time in America should have to raise their kids in poverty.
 asked Hillary: What do you think would be some of the advantages of having a woman president?
Hillary Clinton called out Republicans for slamming the door on Syrian refugees: “We’re better than that.” 
 What do and I have in common? Last minute shopping for dresses to get married in, among other things 
When workers organize for their rights, it helps fix our unbalanced economy and makes families stronger. 
 In the new episode, talks about hearing give credence to the  student protests:
Did you miss Hillary’s big speech on combating terrorism? Here are 3 things you should know: 
Turning away orphans, discriminating against Muslims, slamming the door on Syrian refugees—that is not who we are.
Hillary on confronting an ideology of hate: 
 Great, comprehensive speech from Demonstrated experience, command of issues, and plan to deal with th…
 ISIS has no religious test for its brutality. points out that we shouldn't have one for our compassion…
 Experience matters. HRC knows what it takes to lead/build a coalition. Crucial for the strategy she laid out/for Ameri…
  addressing the full spectrum of threat: foreign, domestic, law enforcement, going dark, radicalization. S…
"This is not a time for scoring political points... This is a time for American leadership." —Hillary on defeating ISIS ; the refugee crisis
"It would be a cruel irony indeed if ISIS can force families from their homes ; then also prevent them from ever finding new ones." —Hillary
"Remember: many of these Syrian refugees are fleeing the same terrorists who threaten us." —Hillary
"Turning away orphans, applying a religious test, discriminating against Muslims...that’s just not who we are. We’re better than that."
"We cannot allow terrorists to intimidate us into abandoning our values and our humanitarian obligations." —Hillary
 HRC bringing smart power to global terrorism. We have to use every tool in our arsenal. Rooting out this threat and th…
"We are in a contest of ideas against an ideology of hate—and we have to win." —Hillary 
"Repeating the specific words 'radical Islamic terrorism' is just a distraction...Our priority should be how to fight the enemy." —Hillary
"Let’s be clear: Islam is not our adversary. Muslims are peaceful and tolerant people and have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism."
 Hillary underscoring that the US needs to bring people together and lead others to step up to join us in this fight. -…
 speech today the most strategic+comprehensive of any American leader on ISIS and burning Middle East.
  plan to defeat ISIS and combat global terror has three points, detailed below: -LMR 
"This is a worldwide fight—and America must lead it." —Hillary on defeating radical jihadism
"Our goal is not to deter or contain ISIS, but to defeat and destroy ISIS." —Hillary
We "can’t sacrifice our values or turn our backs on those in need. We must choose resolve—and we must lead the world to meet this threat."
"After a major terrorist attack, every society faces a choice between fear and resolve." —Hillary
Happening now: Hillary lays out her plan to combat terrorism and defeat ISIS. Watch → 
 Hey folks! Laura Rosenberger here, Hillary's foreign policy advisor   I'm taking over the briefing fo…
 Follow me on this morning for speech on countering ISIS and global terror. 
 AT 10:25: takes over The Briefing for speech on countering ISIS. Watch it here:
The deck is stacked for the wealthiest Americans—and it’s time to reshuffle.
The wealthy should not be the only ones rewarded for our country's success.
The defining economic challenge of our time is raising incomes for hardworking families so they can afford everyday life.
The loss of lives to terrorism is tragic and abhorrent, in Nigeria as in Europe. We must all come together to end this scourge. -H
After the events in Paris and with thousands of gun deaths in the US each year, hard to fathom this from the GOP.  -H
 popped the question three times before Hillary said yes. How she remembers the proposal that worked: 
Born on this day in 1945, Wilma Mankiller was the first woman elected chief of the 
Proud to have on this team.  
Hillary is proud to be a champion for workers, and honored to stand with
The Affordable Care Act helps millions of Americans. We should build on that progress—not go back to square one. 
 Hillary Clinton is the only Dem running who agrees w/ Pres Obama that we shouldn't raise taxes on families under $250k. 
 When it comes to taxes, has a pledge: 
 SEIU members want justice for immigrant families who've spent too long living in fear in the shadows  
If you like puppies, dancing, and calling out Republicans, you'll love the hillaryclinton Snapchat. 
51% of the kids in our public schools are eligible for free or reduced cost lunches. We need to raise wages to lift families out of poverty.
  has a track record of fighting 4 healthcare access, good jobs, ; equal access 2 education 4 working familie…
 Ayer, Steve King anunció su apoyo por Ted Cruz. ¿Cuál es la diferencia entre los dos sobre la inmigración? Ninguna.ht…
  realiza evento de campaña en Dallas, Texas. Puedes verlo en vivo aquí:  via
  endorsed certainly understand why.
The representing 2 million workers, has voted to endorse Hillary! 
We've seen a lot of hateful rhetoric from the GOP. But the idea that we'd turn away refugees because of religion is a new low. -H
Thank you,
 Members say supports our movement to build a better future for working families. Watch: 
 There was only one candidate on stage at the  last weekend who wouldn't raise middle class taxes. 
 Colleges should serve their students, not their bottom-line. Read plan:  
Hillary and her supporters take a lot of selfies—and she’s learned a few things along the way.
Come for the coffee. Stay for the conversation—about one of this campaign's most important issues. ☕️  
“It shows her at her wonkish best."  
We asked Senator what a Republican president would mean for women.  
Add your name to say you're with Hillary! 
No American should work full-time and struggle to get by. Raising the minimum wage will help lift millions out of poverty.
Thank you, Our work isn’t over yet. 
  Congrats you two! 
How will Hillary’s college compact help you? Find out with this flowchart. 
Quality time in Ames, Iowa. 
 Proud to endorse the next President of the United States,   
 Just passed my citizenship test. Next step: taking the oath of allegiance to our great nation! 🇺🇸 
Americans deserve a raise. 
 At the  only one candidate pledged to raise middle-class incomes and not their taxes: Hillary Clinton. 
Your hard work should be reflected in a rising paycheck. 
The president’s job is to do everything she can do to lift up the people of this country.
An artist live-sketched the second  Here’s what caught her attention:  
7 of Hillary's best moments at the  including one line every little girl should hear. 
"Our prayers are with the people of France tonight, but that is not enough." —Hillary  
 Tonight I saw our next president take commanding leadership on national security, health care, finances.  
"I’m very proud that...a majority of my donors are women." —Hillary at the 
Hillary summed up one of the most important issues of this election at the  
Girl Scouts stick together.  
 Here’s to two of my favorite winners tonight, and 
Are you ready for the first woman president?  
El trabajo de un presidente o una presidenta es hacer todo lo posible para que todos puedan salir adelante. —Hillary 
Want Hillary's first thoughts after the  Text ImWithHer now to 47246 to get a message from her!
Stand with Hillary and sign up to get a free  sticker in the mail:  
  tonight, in one word: leadership. 
"I think the president's job is to do everything possible—everything she can do—to lift up the people of this country." —Hillary 
For too long, issues affecting women and families—from childcare to paid leave—have been dismissed as "women's issues." Those days are over.
 18 million people have health coverage under the ACA. We shouldn’t have to defend it among Democrats.  
 Sanders’ plan provides the same benefit to the children of millionaires as it does to the middle class.  htt…
La reforma de salud es demasiado importante para ser revocada. 
"The Affordable Care Act—I don't think we should have to be defending it among Democrats." —Hillary 
We must make community colleges tuition-free across America. 
 Read more about meeting with mothers who have lost their children to unnecessary violence. 
What Hillary believes: No American should have to take out a loan to pay tuition at a public college. 
It's 2015. Every woman deserves equal pay. Full stop.  
"President Obama deserves more credit than he gets for what he got done." —Hillary 
 As we're seeing tonight, has the best vision and ideas to move us forward and keep us safe. 
We cannot accept 33,000 gun deaths per year as “normal.” Most Americans—including law-abiding gun owners—believe we can and must do better.
  believes it's time to act on gun violence—and she has a plan to do it.  
Hay que hacer todo lo posible para detener la violencia con armas de fuego sin importar lo que diga el NRA. 
There have been approximately 2,800 gun deaths since the last  one month ago. We can't wait any longer to act on gun violence.
We cannot give up on preventing gun violence. We—and our next president—have to stand up to the NRA.  
Gun dealers and manufacturers should be held accountable when they endanger communities.  
"My plan is tougher and more effective because I go after all of Wall Street—not just the big banks." —Hillary 
 Taking on Wall Street and protecting Dodd-Frank: Hillary's plan:  
 Hillary isn't new to taking on Wall Street. More about her record: 
We need to rein in risk on Wall Street, and make sure middle class American families never have to bail it out again. 
 No one who works full-time should live in poverty. Americans need a raise.  
Como presidenta, Hillary protegerá, renovará, y expandirá DACA y DAPA, las órdenes ejecutivas. No cree en separar a las familias. 
Hillary will fight to protect DACA/DAPA, pass comprehensive immigration reform, and keep families together. 
Hillary will defend President Obama’s executive actions on immigration—and if Congress refuses to act, do everything possible to go further.
There is no place in America for second-class citizenship. Hard-working immigrant families deserve a path to full and equal citizenship.
 Hillary's plan: Build on the ACA by expanding affordable coverage and lowering the price of prescription drugs. 
Hillary on the terror attacks in Paris at the 
We should build on the progress we've made on health care—not go back to square one.  
We should make the tax system fairer: close loopholes for Wall Street money managers and millionaires and give the middle class a tax break.
A higher minimum wage will help close the pay gap, help lift millions of women out of poverty, and have a ripple effect across our economy.
Nuestro desafío como país no solo es ayudar a aquellos que trabajan duro, pero también asegurar que todos puedan salir adelante. 
;  
"Hardworking middle class families need a raise—not a tax increase." —Hillary 
If you're not watching the  we can email you the highlights! Sign up here:  
"We're not at war with Islam…we’re at war with violent extremism." —Hillary 
 I agree with This is everyone's fight. 
America must continue to lead in a dangerous world—and we do so by exercising smart leadership grounded firmly in our values. 
Esta elección no solo se trata de elegir a un presidente—también se trata de elegir a un comandante en jefe. —Hillary 
"We have to look at ISIS as the leading threat of an international network. It cannot be contained—it must be defeated." —Hillary 
"All of the other issues we want to deal with depend on our country being secure and strong." —Hillary 
"This election is not only about choosing a president—it's also about choosing our next Commander-in-chief." —Hillary 
"Our prayers are with the people of France tonight but that is not enough." —Hillary 
Send Hillary a message of support as she heads into the   
Add your name to say you're with Hillary. 
Add your name to say you're with Hillary. 
Tell Hillary you're with her 
"Even after this darkest night, Paris remains the City of Light." 
The reports from Paris are harrowing. Praying for the city and families of the victims. -H
Follow  campaign staff to stay in the know during tomorrow’s  
A five-star review from a four-star general. Thank you, 
  for tomorrow's  
 This one stop sums up Hillary Clinton’s campaign perfectly:  
Proud of my friend Aung San Suu Kyi and the people of Burma for never giving up in the long struggle to bring change to their country. -H
 Amb. Ryan Crocker, who served as ambassador to 6 countries under 4 presidents: Secretary Clinton did the job right
 Former 6x Amb Ryan Crocker on how his experience with shows she is a smart and decisive leader. 
The story of 2 women with moms named Dorothy, sharing beers of the same name, toasting to the first woman president. 
That time Donald Trump gushed about one of the most shameful periods in our country’s history: 
 to when Hillary declared she’s not *just* a progressive at last month’s Democratic Debate. 
  C'mon Nevada lets go   Credit:Ernesto and Cristian 
We've come too far to see our progress ripped away.
Create your own  cross-stitch. Here’s the pattern to DIY:  
 ¿Cómo se dice barbárico en Inglés? Donald Trump. Lea nuestro blog: 
 How do you say barbaric in Spanish? Donald Trump. Hard to believe, but he has reached a new low: 
The U.S. economy would have produced an additional $447.6 billion in 2013 if women received equal pay. 
  at stand in solidarity with   
We need to keep guns out of the hands of domestic abusers and convicted stalkers.  
 Some Republicans claim they're talking about new ideas, but all they've got is sending us backwards.
 You go Great article on LinkedIn today about women and equal pay. 
 90% of guns used in crimes are supplied by just 5% of gun dealers. thinks its time to act  ht…
 I think is ready for the Nevada Caucus! 100 days to go! 
In 1991 Hillary Clinton filed her husband's papers to run for president. In 2015 she filed her own. 
 has always fought for veterans to have access to the opportunities and resources they need to succeed.
 "6 Feminist Points In Hillary Clinton's Veterans Plan That Are Awesomely Inclusive" → 
Being a good parent has nothing to do with sexual orientation—thousands of families prove that. 
Mentions of Hillary at  Over 40.Mentions of equal pay, paid leave, LGBT rights, or racial justice: 0. 
 Last night on w/ I made it official: I'm throwing my full support behind htt…
Our veterans have done so much for us; now we need to do more for them. Read Hillary’s op-ed in the 
 Hillary Clinton is focused on making the economy work for everyone. Republicans are focused on...Hillary Clinton.
“To all our veterans, and the men and women now serving: You represent the very best that our country has to offer.”
What those who served and sacrificed want you to know this Veterans Day: 
La idea de que vamos a deportar a 11 milliones de personas es absurda, inhumana y va en contra de nuestros valores. De ninguna manera Trump.
The idea of tracking down and deporting 11 million people is absurd, inhumane, and un-American. No, Trump. -H 
And if anything's clear from last night's  "They don't have a plan—they just hate mine."  
 Happy  from our family to yours!  
 I know is the only candidate who can reach across the aisle to serve  like me. She did as Sen…
On Veterans Day, to all who have served—you deserve our gratitude, respect, and the best care and benefits in the world. -H
The "winners" from last night's   
If you're proud to be a Democrat after watching tonight's  add your name here: 
 
Times Republicans offered helpful ideas for the middle class: 0. Times Republicans attacked Hillary: We lost count. 
Newsflash: You don’t have to be a scientist to know that climate change is real, and act to combat it. 
Yep—Hillary’s resume is full of accomplishments.  
 Hillary has a plan to rein in risk on Wall Street. GOP plan: let Wall Street write its own rules again. 
It’s not the big banks that need relief from Washington—it’s small banks and small businesses. 
  isn't new to taking on Wall Street. More about her record:   
 Every candidate on stage opposes the critical Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation.  
Ningún candidato en el escenario apoya una reforma migratoría con un camino a la ciudadanía. Ninguno. 
 Squint really hard and you can see just how much the  cares about  (h/t 
  ; our other vols?  the  They'll be making phone calls to get ready for the caucus. 
 While Republicans debate about nothing  is talking to voters!   
 Canvassing the streets of Henderson with our new organizer Taking action and  
  the  because and I are canvassing for Hillary.  
 Outdated ideas? No thanks. Team is  the  tonight. We're reaching out to voters in NV for
 Hillary will fight for comprehensive immigration reform and defend DACA ; DAPA.   
Apoyar a las familias incluye la baja de maternidad pagada, aumentar el salario mínimo, y acceso a guarderías infantiles. 
The protects borrowers from unfair and deceptive Wall Street practices. Attacks against it are unfounded and outrageous.
What’s really pro-family: Supporting equal pay, paid leave, affordable child care, and Planned Parenthood. 
These candidates don't seem to mind a "big government" when it's politicians interfering in women's personal health decisions. 
 translation: Doubling down on trickle-down economics. America needs an economy that works for everyone.
For 35 years, Republicans have argued that more wealth at the top will trickle down—and twice, a Democrat has had to clean up the mess.
 The ACA has given millions access to healthcare. Carly Fiorina and the Republicans would take that away.  ht…
Republicans who want to repeal the ACA should try telling that to the 18 million people who have health coverage because of it. 
 Zero. Not a one.  
Note to candidates who boast that they'd repeal Obamacare: Health care should be a right—not just a privilege for those who can afford it.
Más posturas absurdas del Partido ReTrumplicano—no vamos a deportar a 11 milliones de personas. No vamos a separar a familias. 
The idea that the US will deport 11 million people is absurd. We should not be in the business of tearing families apart. 
Comprehensive immigration reform that brings millions of hardworking people out of the shadows and into the economy: A policy no-brainer.
It's hard to declare a "winner" in the  when every candidate is trying to move our country backward. 
There is something wrong when top CEOs make 300x more than the typical worker. 
How do we get more in the workforce? Paid leave, equal pay, child care—won't hear that from Republicans.  
President Obama doesn't get the credit he deserves for strengthening our economy. We need to build on that progress, not go backwards.
 is right on one thing: The budget was balanced under President Bill Clinton. 
Millionaires don't need tax breaks. Middle class Americans do. 
 On the minimum wage, the contrast is clear.   
An idea you won't hear at the  If you work hard, you should be able to succeed—no matter who you are or where you come from.
Two fewer candidates, but the same number of new ideas as the last  zero.
 snap story though 😂😂 
 Gangs all here! No matter which Republican wins, women lose.  
Republicans have it wrong on many issues facing Americans this election. Tell us: What are you fighting for? 
 My little guy is still blushing from ear to ear. Even more so after seeing this. 😊 
Every woman deserves to make her own decisions about birth control—without interference from politicians or her boss. 
 Tonight: Republicans argue over who can cut the wealthy's taxes more. Follow here for everything you need to know. htt…
  in action: Seattle and Maine pass ballot initiatives to amplify voices of everyday Americans. 
Hillary’s dad prepared thousands of sailors during WWII—after he died, Hillary received letters from men he trained.
Celebrating 240 years of service and sacrifice, from Tun Tavern to Helmand. Happy birthday, Marines!
Hillary’s veterans plan will “ensure access to timely, high quality health care and modernize veterans’ benefits.” 
 WATCH LIVE:  talks economics at roundtable:  
Vets deserve better. My plan will address issues like this by upgrading VA technology ; requiring accountability.  -H
La Corte del 5to Circuito se equivocó. La Corte Suprema tiene que validar a DACA/DAPA para que millones de familias puedan vivir sin miedo.
The 5th Circuit is wrong on immigration. SCOTUS should uphold DACA/DAPA so millions of families can stop living in fear. -H
  on fixing the VA: "This won't be a photo op for me. This will be an every day mission."
 "America’s promise to our veterans is a sacred responsibility.  It’s an obligation I will always uphold as President" -
 WATCH LIVE: live with the for a roundtable for  and  
 GOP tax plan winners: → Millionaires → Billionaires. GOP tax plan losers: → You, probably.
Happy Diwali! Wishing a bright year ahead to all celebrating the Festival of Lights.
“The future that scientists have warned us about has arrived.” —Hillary to
Fast-food, home care, child care workers: Your advocacy is changing our country for the better.  -H
America must lead the world in developing and deploying new clean energy sources that will power our economy.
2015 is on track to be the hottest year on record. Climate change is not only real, it's already present.
This ice cream shop named a sundae after Hillary Clinton. But that’s only part of the story. 
"Why are you running for president?""Because I want to help little kids."
“When things get tough, Hillary does not back down.”  
 "We have to use every tool we have. There is no planet b."  on fighting  at LCVAF's endorsement.
 "Environmental justice shouldn't be a slogan, it should be a goal." at LCVAF's endorsement, happening now!
 LIVE on  LCVAF endorses Hillary Clinton 
“When it comes to fighting the climate crisis, the stakes couldn’t be higher.”   
Yet another Republican refuses to make it easier to vote. What part of democracy are they so afraid of? -H 
 It's  — Hillary has filed the paperwork for the  primary! 
 That's a leader, and that's OUR fighter. files her candidacy in the  primary. 
 50 yrs ago LBJ signed Higher Education Act helping millions access  Let's keep going w/New College Compact 
 READY for to file for candidacy here in Concord! 
  supporters pack the State House for historic  filing!     
 In just 3 months, the  primary will officially be here. Today we make it  by filling the paperwork!
 LCVAF endorsed today because she will combat  head on 
Women shouldn’t make less than men in 2015. Period. 
What would it mean to have a former secretary of state in the White House? This. 
Today marks one year from the presidential election. Here’s what’s at stake, in one terrifying flow chart: 
Tune in to Monday morning at 7 ET for more from Hillary’s South Carolina town hall with 
We quantified Hillary’s career—take a look at the numbers. 
“This has to end.” Hillary on gun violence at the First in the South Democratic Candidates Forum.
 You could be Hillary's VIP guest to the debate next week in Des Moines →  
Ten women senators say why they’re supporting one of their own:  
A young man asked Hillary: What did you learn from that you would use to be a successful president?
 Hillary will fight to cut mandatory minimums ; make other sentencing reforms to end the “era of mass incarceration." 
  has a plan to reduce gun violence:  Republicans have excuses. 
“I helped launch African Americans for Hillary. This is my story.”  
 Hillary will strengthen DOJ pattern or practice unit, make new investments in police training ; collaborative reform 
“It’s hard for me to understand why the suspension and expulsion rate is so much higher for black kids.” —Hillary
 On improving public education: "It is an outrage to send any child to a school that you wouldn't send your own child to!"…
 On gun violence: "It is imperative that people make this a voting issue."  
 "My particular hope is that I can be the small business president, and...help women and minority owned businesses."—Hilla…
Watch live: Hillary joins for the Town Hall in South Carolina  → 
Follow for updates on Hillary’s trip to the Palmetto State and today’s town hall:  
Hillary Clinton sat down with the mothers of Eric Garner and Dontre Hamilton—here’s what they talked about: 
Si tuviera que aprender un idioma, Hillary dijo que sería el idioma de Gabriel García Márquez. 
"If you stand for equal rights, if you stand against discrimination, you don't just do it once—you've got to keep fighting." —Hillary
 Hillary Clinton has a long record on LGBT rights. Here's just a few examples:  
On foreign policy, the use of force "should always be the last resort—not the first choice." —Hillary
  "Si tengo que aprender otro idioma sería Español, porque hay mucha gente en el país que lo habla."
We can't wait any longer to act on gun violence prevention. 
"It is hard to understand why the suspension and expulsion rate is so much higher for black kids than for white kids." —Hillary
 Hillary isn't new to taking on Wall Street. More about her record:  
"Anybody who thinks that they can influence what I will do doesn't know me very well." —Hillary
 "I wanna be the president for the struggling, the striving, and the successful."  to Rachel Maddow 
"Pres. Obama doesn't get the credit he deserves for the job he's done...I want to build on that progress—but I want to go further." —Hillary
"I have been committed to and working on issues that I think are important...in particular to people who are marginalized." —Hillary
Watch now: Hillary joins at the  Democratic Candidates Forum in Rock Hill, SC → 
Our favorites from the Internet this week. 
 We are loved, hope you are too! Happy "Love Your Lawyer Day" from HFA Team Legal.   
  going to sit back as our community is repeatedly insulted by the Partido ReTrumplicano. We're going to vo…
 for tonight’s Democratic candidate forum with Great weekend ahead in the Palmetto State! 🌴
 Supporters in SC rockin the vis game.  
Hillary on criminal justice reform and more in  
 We are on team  
 Staff at are so excited to have tonight   
 Today today today!  at the First in the South Forum! Follow along and add your own pictures and tweets! 
The right call. Now it's time to make America a clean energy superpower. -H 
 helps people with criminal records find jobs, one scoop at a time. 
Hillary is ready to be president. Want to help make it happen? Apply to be a Hillary for America intern: 
What do you call the male spouse of a female president? Hillary and have some ideas.
Hillary’s spent 40 years in public service, and the numbers speak for themselves. 
 It's 4pm and snapchat is making me all emotional.    
Today on 10 little girls who are ready for the first woman president. Follow us! 👻 hillaryclinton 
Backstage at in tonight! 
 to the time Hillary had a birthday party in 1995. 🎤 
 Read piece in on how Hillary would reaffirm our unbreakable bond with Israel: 
Working hand in hand with tribal nations, the US government can help ensure the strength of Native communities. 
  - That time Jimmy took a  with the Clintons! Don't miss on  TONIGHT! 
50 years ago, marched—and bled—for the right to vote. His message today: “We must use the vote.”
Malala is brave, inspiring—and really onto something here.  (via 
Our criminal justice system is broken. Here are 3 things we can do to start fixing it:  
 Here's all of the GOP presidential candidates who would continue the President's action on immigration:......Nop…
Meet Olivia, the 12-year-old feminist who wrote Hillary this letter:  
  on Hillary – “I have never seen anybody better prepared to be president of the United States. Ever.” 
We can't sit by while more people die. It's time to stand up to the NRA once and for all. 
A 10% price reduction is insulting. As I've said before, the FDA and FTC need to step in to protect consumers.  -H
Guilty as charged. 🍕 
We should not put 650,000+ promising young people at risk for deportation. Sen. Rubio is wrong on this. -H 
Hillary’s answer shows *exactly* what it would mean to have a former secretary of state in the Oval Office. 
In 1976, became the first woman co-anchor on a major network. 
  I had a great time talking to voters today about outstanding record of leadership! 
 Fun fact: November is National Pepper Month! Here's Hillary picking peppers in Davenport →
 Guns kill 88 to 92 Americans...per day. Hillary will fight to reduce gun violence. Republicans? Well...
Racial profiling is demeaning, wrong, and unconstitutional. It's time to put that practice behind us.
Everyone deserves full and equal protection under the law. This is a reminder of the work still left to do.  
Congrats the most decorated woman gymnast of all time! Can’t wait to watch your next winning routine. 
Hillary's gun violence prevention plan supports legislation to stop convicted stalkers from possessing guns. 
Federal law doesn't prohibit convicted stalkers from purchasing or possessing guns.  
 Beautiful, crowded event in Coralville. Next stop: Grinnell! 
 Hillary meets a rescue dog named Clarabelle 🐶 
 Hillary on gun violence prevention: "I will fight for comprehensive background checks." 
Our criminal justice system is in crisis—but we can start changing that now.  
 is right about one thing: equality is one of Hillary's values. Houston—vote  today. 
When unions are strong, America is strong. Thank you, 
Voting is one of our most important and sacred rights. If there's an election near you today, make your voice heard—go vote! -H
A 12-year-old feminist named Olivia wrote Hillary this brave, heartwarming letter. Olivia 2040, anybody? 
Watch our new ad—why Hillary is working to prevent gun violence:
While in Chicago discussing the way forward, another child dies from gun violence just miles away. Devastating.  -H
Republicans continue to play politics with families who want to contribute to our economy. Eso no es liderazgo. 
Grateful to spend time today with mothers who have lost a child to violence and turned their grief into a national call to action. -H
Their faces say it all. 
 Glad to see more Montanans gaining access to quality health care. Let's work until that's true for all Americans! 
The top 25 hedge fund managers make more than all kindergarten teachers in the US—combined. We need to fix that. 
 Pres. Saunders’ new HuffPo piece: For the Future of Working Families: Vote Hillary Clinton:   …
“We need to end private prisons and detention centers once and for all.” —Hillary in Atlanta 
On the day of the first Democratic debate, Hillary’s granddaughter Charlotte had a big surprise for her.
¡Feliz Día de los Muertos! Text LATINOS to 47246 to join Latinos for Hillary. 
More than 1 in 100 American adults is behind bars. Here's how we can start fixing that. 
"I support Hillary because Hillary supports me." ; Dascha Polanco are on Team Hillary.
An inside look at an issue that will shape our economy for years to come (yeah, it’s that important). 
While Republicans swapped out-of-touch ideas at the  Hillary was live-texting her reactions. 
Top CEOs earn 300 times more than the typical American worker. That's wrong.
Thank you for the support, 
“I can't stop asking myself once again: Where does my community go from here?”  
Happy Halloween! 🎃 
More lives lost. We need sensible gun violence prevention measures, and we need them now. 
 The Pregnancy Discrimination Act became law 37 years ago, but pregnant women still face discrimination. Stronger protections a…
 Tonight, the scariest costume you'll see will be a Republican Tax Plan.
Republican debate-speak, decoded. 
Too often, women still make less on the dollar than men. It's time for equal pay now.
 Meet little Sullivan Wood from Charleston, who is dressed as for Halloween 
Rated “O” for out of touch and out of date: The Zombie Policies. 
 LIVE: Watch the Freedom Fund Banquet with as special guest   
Glad to see knocking down more barriers to women serving on the front lines. 
Add your name for the chance to party with Hillary at house in Los Angeles!  
No pagarle lo mismo a las campeonas del mundo de fútbol es más injusto que ganar el mundial con "la mano de Díos." 
Race still plays a role in who gets ahead and who gets held back. Hillary will fight to change that. Join her: 
Hillary calls to "ban the box": "People who have paid their debt to society need to be able to find jobs, not just closed doors and hearts."
"I’m pledging to eliminate the disparity in sentencing between crack and cocaine, which disproportionately impacts African Americans."
"We need to end private prisons. Protecting public safety...should never be outsourced or left to unaccountable corporations." —Hillary
"We have to end the era of mass incarceration." —Hillary
"Racial profiling...is wrong, demeaning, doesn’t keep us safe or help solve crimes—it’s time to put that practice behind us." —Hillary
 “Race still plays a significant role in determining who gets ahead in America and who gets left behind.” -
Happening now: Hillary kicks off African Americans for Hillary with in Atlanta! Watch → 
It's intolerable that black children in our country feel unsafe in their own skin. A powerful reminder:  -H
 Just in time for Halloween: long-discredited Republican tax cuts for the wealthy are back with a vengeance!
Whether you're a teacher, an executive, or a world-champion soccer player, you deserve equal pay. Red card, GOP. 
40 million Americans have student debt. We need to make college affordable once and for all. 
We can’t afford to have a Republican in the White House. If you're with Hillary, add your name: 
An estimated 1.5 million black men are missing from their communities because of incarceration and premature death. 
On average, women in New Hampshire make $13,500 a year less than men. Hillary will fight for equal pay.
On average, women in Iowa make nearly $11,000 a year less than men. Hillary will fight for equal pay.
Everyone who works hard and does their part should see that work reflected in a rising paycheck.
"Do you think that when you’re president, you’ll be paid as much as a man?"
Texts from Hillary,  edition. 
No one should face discrimination for who they are or who they love—I support efforts for equality in Houston ; beyond.   -H
 Watch live → Hillary speaks at the New Hampshire Community College Candidate Forum:  
Why are ; Dascha Polanco on Team Hillary? "She cares about the things that are important to us."
"Do you think that when you’re president, you’ll be paid as much as a man?"
Tonight's  made it clear: We cannot afford a Republican in the White House. Get your free sticker: 
 
Will repeat this as often as needed: Women—not the politicians on stage—should make decisions about their own health. 
Republicans are looking out for the wealthy and well-connected. Hillary is looking out for us. 
Republicans are refusing to act on climate change. Hillary has a plan to take it on.  
 Hillary's fighting to make sure every family can get ahead and stay ahead. Republicans?  
We can't wait any longer to keep our communities safe. We need to act on gun violence prevention.  
 0/10  
There is no place in America for second-class citizenship. We can't wait any longer for comprehensive immigration reform. 
Commercial break: While Republicans work for those at the top, Hillary is going to bat for middle-class Americans.
 In summary...  
 has made better points through text messages than all these people on TV!   
 Honestly...we don't have anything ready about the gold standard. We figured we were past that. 
We need to fight for policies that break down barriers to good jobs and help balance work and family: equal pay, child care, and paid leave.
 Over here getting texts from my girl Hillary. She's LOLing about this debate.  
 Hillary is fighting for equal pay for women. Republicans are...not.  
Commercial break: Hillary wants to make college affordable for every American. Republicans? 
Every woman deserves equal pay. Period.  
 While we're talking about equal pay...  
Las mujeres deberían de ganar lo mismo por hacer el mismo trabajo que los hombres. Punto. 
Here's what we can't afford: A Republican in the White House.  
For people who claim to hate big government, Republicans love using it to try and make health care decisions for women. 
Text WATCH to 47246 to get live texts from Hillary during the  
 Hillary Clinton's taking on big pharma and fighting for you. Who's Chris Christie fighting for?  
We need to rein in risky behavior on Wall Street. Hillary's plan:   
No American should have to choose between getting the health care they need and paying rent. 
Commercial break: Hillary is fighting for equal pay for women. Republicans are fighting against it. 
Los Republicanos siguen pensando que darle más recursos a los ricos beneficiará a la clase media. 
Here's the thing: Republicans' ideas are trickle-down economics in disguise. We can't let them take us back to policies that don't work.
 Hillary is fighting for immigrant families ; our economy. The GOP's fighting for an out-of-touch agenda.  ht…
Millionaires don't need tax breaks. Middle-class Americans do.  
 Hillary is fighting for the middle class. Who are Republicans fighting for?  
The deck has been stacked in favor of the wealthy and well-connected for too long.  
La retórica ofensiva de los candidatos Republicanos sobre los Latinos es vergonzosa y no tiene lugar en la política. 
Comprehensive immigration reform will strengthen families, our economy, and our country. 
In the past two Republican debates, no one said a word about equal pay. Maybe the third time's the charm? 
 How Hillary Clinton would fight for you if she were on that debate stage tonight. 
Which GOP candidate would you want to see Hillary take on in a debate? Cast your vote!  
 On the debate stage, Hillary demonstrated how she'll fight for you. Republicans? Not so much.
 Together, we can achieve equality for all in this country. fighting for just that. 
 on what a GOP president means for women: “June Cleaver? Would people get that?”  
We need to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank and help American businesses stay in business.
"If you're looking for someone to say what is wrong with America, I'm not your candidate. I think there is more right than wrong." —Hillary
"Paid family leave isn't just good for women." —Hillary at 
 WATCH LIVE:  at  
 on "Hillary for Halloween" costume ideas: Dress up however you want, but stay for 11 hours.
That feeling when you picked *just* the right outfit. 
 I came together with 9 other Senate women to talk about why we're supporting 
 Backstage ; talk travel ; cheese.cc: 
 "I was playing a character who did not care for you."Hillary: "I can say it now—it was mutual."
Don’t miss Hillary’s first meeting with the real tonight on 
Some of America's most powerful women tell us why they support Hillary:  
Cosign, 
No hay ninguna excusa para usar violencia en nuestras escuelas. Punto.  
 I'm excited to attend ; participate in "African Americans for in Atlanta this Friday   h…
“Strong women help create strong families!” Read note for Hillary's birthday:  
Humorous! 
 Just chilling... in Cedar Rapids! Great lunch with volunteers ; staff. 
  just got a big endorsement from one of the Senate's progressive leaders. ➞  ht…
There is no excuse for violence inside a school. The  is unacceptable—schools should be safe places. -H
Hillary has a plan to make affordable childcare a reality—and this supporter in Alexandria, Virginia knows it.
 Looking forward to stopping by tomorrow night, 10/27. Tune in - you know I’ll be watch…
Giving students a world class education also means making sure adjunct faculty are paid fairly.  
 What could justify treating a child like this? Nothing. Every child should be safe in our classrooms. 
The GOP should stop trying to roll back consumer protections—standing with to defend middle class savings. -H 
Well done, Ole Miss. Symbols of hate have no business flying over a place of learning. -H 
 you make our team better every day. Rest up, I'm rooting for you ; looking forward to having you back 100%.  -H
 Abt to read Charlotte  ; thinking of how grateful I am for the times my mom read to me-Happy Birthday…
 There's...Kayakers for HillarySlam Poets for HillaryYogis for HillaryRunners for HillaryAnd a whole lot more ht…
It's her 👇 birthday!  
 The  = "the Super Bowl of organizing." Read more →  (via 
♪ ♪ Qué linda está la mañana en que vengo a saludarte, venimos todos con gusto y placer a felicitarte... ♪ ♪ 
 Happy Birthday to who has my vote to be the next President of the United States! 
Quick questions with Hillary: What family memories still make you laugh?
 ¡Feliz cumpleaños,  Eres luchadora y parte de nuestra familia. ¡Y serás nuestro próximo presidente! 
 They say it's your birthday...Happy Birthday to you, dear 
Today is Hillary's birthday! Sign her card–it will make her day:  
Hillary is fighting for all of us.  
 tiene razón—hay que ser respetuoso y Hillary continuará demandando que los Republicanos lo sean. 
It was quite a week. Catch up on these stories before you start the new one. 
Highlights and behind-the-scenes moments from a big day in Iowa.  
"If talking about equal pay, paid family leave, child care, ; women's health is playing the gender card—deal me in."
Hillary stands with parents and educators in calling for better, fairer, and fewer tests. On new plan: 
Hillary's birthday is tomorrow—and she's still on track to be the youngest woman US president ever. Sign her card! 
Happy birthday, 🎉 
 you bring the campaign dress code to the next level. Thanks for hanging out with us in Iowa! -H 
"Go win this thing, Madam Secretary." Thanks, 
Hillary and talked about everything from Syria to health care—but first, Rachel was curious about one thing. 
A roaring good time at the Iowa JJ. 
 One word describes today: ROAR! Thank you, Iowa!   
 Two words to describe the  Hill. Yes.   
Did Hillary rock at  
"Together we’re going to build an America where...a father can tell his daughter, 'you can be anything you want to be—including president.'"
"I’m listening to you. I’m fighting for you. And with your support, I’m going to deliver." —Hillary at 
"I’ve spent my life working for children, women, families, and our country...and I’m just getting warmed up." —Hillary at 
Why Hillary fights to prevent gun violence: "You should be safe when you go to school, when you go to the movies, when you go to church."
"Yes—Black Lives Matter." —Hillary at 
"When you short-change women, you short-change families and you short-change America." —Hillary on why she's fighting for equal pay 
Hillary at the  
"Companies that ship jobs and profits overseas shouldn’t get a tax break—you should." —Hillary at 
Hillary on what she's fighting for: "At the top of the list is this: Americans need a raise." 
"As a smart man once said, there’s nothing wrong with America that can’t be fixed by what is right with America." —Hillary 
"It’s not enough just to rail against the Republicans or the billionaires. We have to...make a difference in people’s lives." —Hillary
Hillary at the Iowa Jefferson-Jackson dinner.  
"For people who claim they hate big government, Republicans sure love using government to step in and make decisions for women." —Hillary
"We are going to stop Wall Street hurting Main Street." —Hillary at the 
"There is something wrong when the top 25 hedge fund managers make more than all the kindergarten teachers in America combined." —Hillary
"We need to defend the progress we’ve made under President Obama and build on it." —Hillary at 
"When there’s a Democrat in the White House, America creates more jobs, the economy grows faster, and deficits are smaller." —Hillary
 How the  crowd welcomed Hillary to the stage for her big speech!  
Hillary on the GOP debates: "It's reality TV—with a cast of characters who don't care much about actual reality." 
WATCH LIVE: Hillary speaks at the Iowa Jefferson-Jackson dinner, 100 days before the  →  
 A sea of neon blue at the  for Hillary! 
 A historic selfie before the   
Thank you,​.  -H
Agreed, President 
 Great to be in Iowa with ; be the warmup act for   
 An absolutely amazing sea of blue marching to the  in support of Hillary!  
 Katy + Hillary = SO MUCH YES.   
"Sometimes, you just have to ROAR!" —Hillary after performance at the rally in Des Moines. 
  taken the stage! Watch live:   
"I'm tired of the stranglehold that women have had on presidential spouse.” —President at the rally in Des Moines
Live from Des Moines, Iowa: and team Watch →  
Thanks for following our incredible day in Iowa—stay tuned to hear and Hillary!  
 TAKING OVER Instagram today. Be on be the lookout for politics going pop! 
SO EXCITED to see while we wait, she's taking over Hillary's Instagram!  
Why  I trust Hillary. She will make the world better for me, my husband, and my mom.  
 Retweet if you’re excited to see President and 💪 
Our Iowa motto: organize with heart, engage with purpose, win every day. We’re definitely winning today! 
 Hour seven and we're still as excited as ever.  
There are people across IA doing what I do every day: knocking on doors, making calls, and doing our part to win the caucus on Feb 1!
 David Plouffe on JJ Day in Iowa: "Go win this thing, Madam Secretary."  to that. READ: 
My team has become a 2nd family. Here’s us the day the Supreme Court legalized marriage equality—I’m in the middle. 
I organize in rural Iowa. Knocking doors here means driving 20 minutes between each house—but it's not all bad. 
I got to introduce Hillary at an event in Dubuque a few months ago—it was an experience I’ll never forget.  
As a military spouse, I stand with Hillary on national security—; she'll make sure I won't have to worry about getting fired for who I love.
More than anyone, Hillary knows that the decisions she will make as President affect me and my family.  
  Squad: 
Before Iowa, I was in NC with my husband Aaron ; our cat Pretzel. When Hillary announced I knew I had to be here. 
As an organizer in Iowa, I spend my days talking to folks in my community about Hillary and her vision for America. 
The Jefferson-Jackson Dinner is an Iowa tradition. This year, it starts the 100-day countdown to the caucus. A big night here in Des Moines!
Hi! I’m James, a organizer in NE Iowa. I’ll be tweeting today ahead of the Jefferson-Jackson dinner! 
 Patricia told it was her dream to spend her bday w/Hillary ;  bday was yesterday😊 
Hillary on the stakes of this election on tonight: 
Post-hearing activities: "We sat around eating Indian food and drinking wine ; beer." Tune in to at 9pm ET! 
Hillary and Rachel. Tune in to at 9:00 pm ET!
 Tomorrow.​ and​. Des Moines. Retweet if you’re excited! RSVP here:  
 congratulations on your wedding tomorrow! Here's to a lifetime of happiness—and friendlier mentions. 
Anyone who’s sick of Hillary standing up for women had better get ready for a long campaign. 
11 hours. One candidate who showed she’s ready to be president. 
Welcome to Julia! Kudos to ; for educating parents ; kids about autism. 
A todos los que están en el paso del  sigan para encontrar refugio y más información. Pensando en ustedes.
To everyone in the path of  follow for shelter locations and emergency info. Thinking of you—stay safe. -H
“I am a little feminist growing up to help all women with equal rights.” Meet Olivia: 
 I am now!  
"I'm running for President, because after listening to people across our country, your fights are my fights." 
 You won my vote today 
 Got my vote.    
Watch live as Hillary takes the stage in Alexandria, VA with → 
Thanks for your support, brothers ; sisters of You never stop fighting for working families, ; I'll never stop fighting for you. -H
  good job yesterday! Respectful, honest and real as always, in spite of, well, ya know...  
 Love this:  
 Hillary did us proud. Im donating $11 to her campaign for the 11 hours she sat there, strong, resilient, and awesome. 
  showed grit, compassion, and vision - and that's why  2/2
 At  rose above the partisan fray to make the case for American leadership and engagement i…
Hillary on those who tell her to "stop shouting" on issues that matter. 
"I'm doing everything I can to make sure the issues that matter most to women and families are front and center in this election." —Hillary
If you're proud to stand with Hillary, show the world with your free sticker → 
11 hours in →   
If you're standing with Hillary, let her know. 
If you're standing with Hillary, let her know: 
Hillary's email use can be summed up in four sentences:  
 A quick refresher: What you need to know about Hillary Clinton's emails, in one gif:  
 GOP Chair of the House Armed Service Comm.: "military did what it reasonably could during a chaotic night." 
 7 hours and counting... you got this.
If you're standing with Hillary today, let her know: 
 Who has refuted the false Republican claim about stand down orders? Well...here's a few.  
 Last year, another GOP investigation into Benghazi found that there was no stand down order.  h…
As Secretary, Hillary implemented reforms to protect diplomats and help prevent future attacks. 
  in : Hillary Clinton Worked to Make Diplomats Safe   
To truly honor those lost at Benghazi, we need to do everything in our power to ensure the safety of the brave Americans who do their work.
America must do all we can to protect our personnel doing the important work of representing our interests and values around the world.
The work of Chris Stevens and his colleagues represented the best of this approach to foreign policy.
America must pursue a smart brand of leadership that integrates and balances the tools of diplomacy, development, and defense.
We cannot return to the go-it-alone foreign policy of the past, where military-based solutions are pursued as a first option.
American diplomats cannot conduct their work from bunkers. Advancing US interests often means going to unstable regions.
Hillary is testifying before to defend the vision of US diplomacy that Ambassador Stevens gave his life carrying out.
America must continue to lead in a dangerous world. To do otherwise would mean drawing the wrong lesson from the Benghazi tragedy.
A lesson from Benghazi: Congress needs to do its part to ensure that our diplomats in dangerous parts of the world are as safe as possible.
  says there's no mention of security in the QDDR exec summary. Except...this?  h…
 Prior to the attack, State Department fulfilled numerous security requests from the consulate.  
We need leadership that puts national security ahead of politics and ideology. 
 Hillary Clinton took action to improve diplomatic safety across the world. Congress? Just more politics. 
Hillary this morning at the House Select Committee on Benghazi. 
"The American people expect us to lead. To learn the right lessons. To rise above partisanship and reach for statesmanship." —Hillary
"I am here, despite all the previous investigations...to honor those we lost and to do what I can to aid those who serve us still." —Hillary
"We should debate on the basis of fact, not fear. We should resist denigrating the patriotism or loyalty of those who disagree with us."
America "has a long history of bipartisan cooperation on foreign policy...I know it’s possible to find common ground because I’ve done it."
"We need leadership at home to match our leadership abroad. Leadership that puts national security ahead of politics and ideology." —Hillary
"Efforts to establish a modern joint training center are being held up by Congress. The men and women who serve our country deserve better."
"There is more to do, and no administration can do it alone. Congress has to be our partner as it has been after previous tragedies."
"I pledged that...every one [of the Accountability Review Board's recommendations] would be on the way to implementation. And they were."
"We have a responsibility to provide diplomats with the resources ; support they need to do their jobs as safely ; effectively as possible."
Hillary on fallen Americans in Libya: "They believed—as I do—that America is greatest force for peace ; progress the world has ever known."
"We need creative, confident...leadership that integrates and balances the tools of diplomacy, development, and defense." —Hillary
"Retreat from the world is not an option. America cannot shrink from our responsibility to lead." —Hillary
"We have learned the hard way when America is absent, especially from unstable places, there are consequences." —Hillary 
"If you ask our most experienced ambassadors, they’ll tell you they can’t do their jobs for us from bunkers." —Hillary
Hillary at the  
"We inevitably must accept a level of risk to protect our country and advance our interests and values." —Hillary
"America must lead in a dangerous world, and our diplomats must continue representing us in dangerous places." —Hillary
"Today I would like to share three observations about how we can learn from this tragedy and move forward as a nation." —Hillary
"I launched reforms to better protect our people in the field and help reduce the chances of another tragedy happening." —Hillary
"I am here to honor the service of those four men...and the work their colleagues do every single day all over the world." —Hillary
The  explained, by 
The hearing is starting now. Follow for the facts you need to know. 
This morning, Hillary testifies before Follow for fact-checks from the hearing. 
 We're changing some stuff up around here--but just for today. Follow along for everything you need to know about today…
Hillary is testifying before today. Here's what you need to know. 
 Feliz cumple a la Reyna de la salsa! Gracias  for showing us that la vida es un carnaval! 
Thank you, for taking these critical steps to end the quiet epidemic of substance abuse.  -H
Tomorrow, Hillary will testify in front of Let her know you’re with her.  
 Standing with Planned Parenthood today and every day. 
An investigation into the deaths of four Americans has been twisted into a partisan attack on Hillary. The facts: 
Cheer on Hillary before the Jefferson Jackson Dinner with Katy Perry and President Bill Clinton! RSVP Today. 
Hillary championed LGBT equality around the world: “The strongest defense ever in terms of gay rights.”
 is a good friend and a great man. Today and always, inspired by his optimism and commitment to change the world for the better. -H
Hillary is a longtime fighter for reproductive rights, education, and equal pay. 
 Republicans' Benghazi Committee: a partisan charade paid for by you, the taxpayer.
As Secretary of State, Hillary prioritized the education of women ; girls to build peaceful and prosperous nations.
What did Hillary accomplish as Secretary of State? weighs in: 
It’s good for our economy when companies prosper by innovating, creating new products, and investing in workers. 
Dorothy, la madre de Hillary, le enseñó la importancia de trabajar duro y de nunca rendirse.
“She was able to restore the credibility of the United States.” —Leon Panetta
  - delighted to meet with such a great group of supporters in  today! 
As secretary of state, Hillary led the international negotiations that paved the way for the Iran Deal. 
Take it from a fellow Secretary of State: No one used smart power better than Hillary during her tenure.
Before Hillary was running for president, Republicans had the nicest things to say about her. 
 Focused, tough, determined: A Republican tribute to Hillary Clinton.
Hillary has the experience, skills, and vision we need in our next Commander-in-chief. Just ask 
Watch: Hillary’s diplomacy united unlikely allies around sanctions that got Iran to the negotiating table. 
 Hillary Clinton logra apoyo de la mayoría de dirigentes demócratas de Texas - Univision 
 The Iran deal "had its beginnings in the statecraft of Hillary Clinton." 
 We cannot let racism towards Ben Chin ; other  go unnoticed. We need to fight racism in every community. 
 I'M PROUD TO STAND WITH Don’t miss your chance to win a trip to Iowa to hang with me @ the rally: 
Former Senior Advisor to President Obama on Hillary's greatest accomplishments as Secretary of State: 
WATCH: As Sec. of State, Hillary paved the way for the deal that will stop Iran from ever getting a nuclear weapon. 
If you’re a progressive who believes in getting things done, sign up for your free sticker:  
¡Celebración in Texas! Julián Castro endorses Hillary:  
After battling it out in the primaries, Hillary got a call from President Obama to serve—and she answered.
  is calling on the FDA and FTC to investigate the guy who raised the price of daraprim to $750. 
The world is a better place because Hillary was Secretary of State. Here’s why:  
Patients who rely on prescription drugs should not have their health and lives put at risk because of price gouging.
"I don't think I have ever met someone more prepared to be president."  Albright
 Two Cabinet secretaries, a Navy SEAL, a Prime Minister ; more: it's a better world because Clinton was Sec of State. 
 BREAKING: will join before the JJ this Saturday in DSM! RSVP here →  
Carly Fiorina challenged Democrats to name an accomplishment of Hillary’s. Senator accepted: 
Hillary has what it takes to lead America. Watch the new video on her accomplishments as Secretary of State:
Hillary's mission as president: raise incomes for hardworking middle-class families.
"What part of democracy are all these candidates afraid of?" Read why Hillary is fighting to protect voting rights. 
“In 2016, the Latino community is going to play a critical role in electing our next president.” -Julián Castro
Over four decades, Hillary has taken on her share of tough fights—here are a few of her biggest accomplishments. 

Attempting to deny citizenship to immigrants' children born here is wrong—and undermines who we are as a country.  -H
 Read the story behind this photo:  
As President, Hillary will take on the epidemic of gun violence—with or without Congress’s help. 
Add your name if you agree: Our number one priority should be protecting communities – not the interests of the NRA. 
Add your name if you agree: Our number one priority should be protecting communities – not the interests of the NRA. 
What needs to change on Wall Street, according to the “Economikes.” 
We can’t ignore America’s racial inequities. 
 Me when I found out is going to be on 
If you’re a progressive who believes in getting things done, sign up for your free sticker!  
Strong step forward by We shouldn't put a national treasure like the Arctic at risk. 
As usual, is right: We need to strengthen America's leadership—not go backwards.  -H 
 Florida man thinks his state's eroding coastline is just normal.  
 Mini H meets real H 
On Oct. 16, 1916, Planned Parenthood opened their first health center and changed life for women in America. Here's to the next 99 years. -H
Yesterday in San Antonio, three-time mayor of San Antonio Julián Castro announced his support for Hillary. 
Transgender people deserve respect, safety, and equal treatment everywhere. Good move by 
Brava, Jennifer. It's hard to speak up against inequity and risk being unpopular—but equal pay matters for us all. 
 Well we sure are "Keene" to be in New Hampshire today!  And I'm "Keene" to take over HRC's Instagram… 
 HAPPENING NOW: hosts a town hall meeting at in Keene, NH  – 
 Excited to welcome to  on October 27! Can't wait to find out what project she’s promoting.
¿Sabías que Hillary Clinton trabajó destripando pescados? 
The number of American lives lost to gun violence is more than three times the rate as the next developed country. 
Me gusta ser "La Hillary," pero también soy "Tu Hillary." 
¡Gracias, por tu apoyo! 
No puede ser que las latinas ganen en promedio 55 centavos por cada dólar que gana un hombre blanco. 
Ever had to tell a prime minister about your bad hair day?
 Love this list of quotes on LGBT  
 Day represents the day Latinas catch up to white men's earnings from last year. It's October. We need equal pay for all.
Women still make less than men, with women of color facing an even bigger gap. This isn't just holding women back—it's holding America back.
Hillary was the only candidate to confront GOP attacks on Planned Parenthood.
We should be doing everything we can to get young people more engaged in our democracy, not putting up obstacles. 
 Happy to stand against bullying, support LGBT youth, and participate in  at HQ! 
To everyone who's ever been bullied for being who you are: You're perfect, and I'm proud of you.  -H
 With 33,000 Americans killed every year, is right: we need to 
It's almost Hillary's birthday. Make sure you sign her card!  
It's time to stand up to the NRA. We have to  until our families are safe from gun violence.
It's almost Hillary's birthday. Make sure you sign her card! 
"Yo estoy contigo. That's a promise." —Hillary 
"I've been told by some to quit shouting about this. Well, I'll tell you: I will not be silenced...I will keep taking on the NRA." —Hillary
"It is both heartbreaking and infuriating that we lose an average of 90 Americans every day because of guns." —Hillary
“I'm running for president to protect our families and communities from the plague of gun violence.” —Hillary
"I will fight any effort, anywhere, to disenfranchise any American." —Hillary in San Antonio 
"Every American deserves access to quality, affordable health care—even new Americans." —Hillary 
Watch live: Hillary speaks at a Latinos for Hillary event in San Antonio, Texas → 
"I salute the Black Lives movement for raising this issue to the high priority it is."—Hillary on race and criminal justice reform at 
"We cannot grow the economy unless we end the unequal pay that women in the workplace are still suffering under." —Hillary at 
 En evento en dijo, "La inmigración es buena para  La inmigración construyó este país. 
"Comprehensive immigration reform where we bring people out of the shadows will be good for our economy." —Hillary
"Immigration is good for America. Immigration built our country." —Hillary at
Watch live: Hillary speaks at Don't miss this → 
Hillary's been a fighter for LGBT equality for years—and she's just getting warmed up. Read her fiercest quotes: 
Go behind the scenes with Hillary at the   
She has a point: The economy does do better with a Democrat in the White House.
Last night, Hillary was the only candidate to confront GOP attacks on Planned Parenthood. 
The feeling when a GOP candidate says it's acceptable to be fired for being gay.  
Last night, Hillary was the only candidate to confront GOP attacks on Planned Parenthood. 
Your fights are Hillary's fights. 
No senior should have to choose between paying their Medicare premium and buying groceries.  
We can protect the Second Amendment while also protecting our families and communities from gun violence. 
"I can't think of anything more outsider than electing the first woman president." —Hillary 
 At the  last night, Hillary defined what drives her every day. Watch her opening statement: 
Last night, Hillary showed that she has the vision, the plans, and the determination to move this country forward.
“Finally, fathers will be able to say to their daughters: you too can grow up to be president.” 
 I'm proud of Tonight, she showed why she should be President.
A highlight of  Hillary stands up against Republican attacks on women's rights. 
 this if you’re proud to stand with Hillary.   
Are you with Hillary? Let her know:    
We cannot go back to the failed policies of the past. We will not go back. America's best days are still ahead. 
"In this debate, we tried to deal with the very tough issues facing our country—in stark contrast to the Republicans." -Hillary 
Hillary ha luchado toda su vida por los derechos de las mujeres y no va a parar ahora. 
Hillary has fought for women her whole life—and she's just getting started.   
Hillary on the enemies she's proud to have made: "The NRA, health insurance companies, drug companies, the Iranians...and the Republicans."
We cannot afford to have a Republican succeed Barack Obama as President of the United States. 
Attacks on Planned Parenthood are attacks on women's health and rights. We can't let them take us backwards. 
For too long, issues affecting women—from reproductive rights to paid leave—have been dismissed as "women's issues." Those days are over.
No politician should interfere with a woman's personal medical decisions. Full stop.  
No matter what says, paid family leave is good for women, good for families, and good for America. 
Equal pay, paid leave, childcare: These aren't just "women's issues," they're family issues and economic growth issues. 
Climate change is real, and threatens us all. We need to act. 
 ⬇️ 
"I can't think of anything more outsider than being the first woman president." -Hillary 
It's time the entire country stood up against the NRA.  
We need to find the right balance between civil liberties and national security. 
There is no place in America for second-class citizenship.  
While the GOP focuses on villifying immigrants, Hillary will fight to protect DACA/DAPA and pass comprehensive immigration reform.
We can't wait any longer for comprehensive immigration reform.
Hillary va a mantener a las familias unidas. Expandirá DACA y DAPA, las órdenes ejecutivas, porque es lo correcto.
Los altos costos asociados con la universidad no deberían de ser un obstáculo para todos los que quieren estudiar.
 Hillary's college plan will tackle rising education costs and student debt.  
No student should have to borrow money to pay tuition at a public college. 
We need to make college more affordable. 
  believes we should invest in a clean energy future—not build a pipeline to carry N. America's dirties…
No one is too big to jail–even on Wall Street. 
We need to enforce regulations to make sure that middle class families never have to bail out Wall Street again.
Subir los salarios y apoyar a la clase media es una de las prioridades más importantes para el país.
The defining economic challenge of our time is raising incomes for working Americans. 
Racial inequality is not merely a symptom of economic inequality.
  is right. 
We can't move forward until we tackle racial inequality that still exists—from economic opportunity to education to community safety.
We cannot keep imprisoning more people than anyone else in the world. 
"We need to tackle mass incarceration." -Hillary 
"[Benghazi] committee is basically an arm of the RNC—I intend to keep talking about the issues that matter to the American people." -Hillary
 The four things you need to know about emails:To learn more, go to  
 What happens in Vegas...is I watch prove she's the most qualified candidate for POTUS.  
Hillary is a progressive who gets things done. 
Hillary has the experience we need to navigate a dangerous world and keep us safe as our next commander-in-chief. 
“President Obama asked me to be his Secretary of State. He valued my judgment." -Hillary 
We can't allow guns to fall into the hands of domestic abusers, violent criminals, and the seriously mentally ill. 
When it comes to gun violence, we cannot give up. We can't sit by while more good people die. We have to act. 
Gun dealers and manufacturers who endanger Americans should be held accountable.  
Las matanzas no pueden continuar, tenemos un problema con las armas y Hillary va a hacer todo lo posible para solucionarlo.
Gun ownership is part of the fabric of many law-abiding communities—but too many families in America have suffered from gun violence.
We can protect the Second Amendment while also protecting our families and communities from gun violence. 
  believes it's time to act on gun violence—and she has a plan to do it: 
"This has gone on too long, and it's time that the entire country stood up against the NRA." -Hillary on gun violence 
We can't wait any longer to act on gun violence prevention. 
 Hillary believes any trade deal must:- Create good US jobs- Increase wages- Advance national securityAs negotiat…

"I'm a progressive, but I'm a progressive who gets things done." -Hillary 
"I've spent my entire adult life looking for ways to even the odds...to allow each child to live up to its potential." -Hillary 
¡El debate entre los candidatos demócratas a la presidencia está por empezar! Véanlo aquí → 
Let's do this.  
Hillary doesn’t give up and she'll never quit fighting for families—but she needs your help: 
One third of black men born today face the prospect of incarceration in their lifetimes. We can do better. 
 Head over to Snapchat to screenshot and share the issues that matter most to you!  
Hillary takes the stage for the first  tonight. Join the conversation—follow these  staff: 
 Glad you'll be watching. It's going to be "huge."
Happy birthday, Proud of the generations of brave sailors serving our country and the families who love them. 
Today we celebrate Dolores Huerta—teacher, organizer, activist—for her civic leadership and trailblazing spirit. 
Hillary talks sexism in the workplace with  
 Ran into a friend at  against Trump rally. 
  dropped by the protest to lend her support for work in families! This moment was 🙌🏼 
Hillary's been debating important issues since high school. Let her know you’re on her team:  
“One of the merits is I am a woman.” 
Thoughts and prayers aren’t enough—we must act to protect families from gun violence. 
“As a woman...you’re expected to be both strong and vulnerable at the same time. That’s not easy to do.” -Hillary 
 “It’s Hillary time.” 
We’re not going to “get over it,” we’re going to protect Social Security for the next generation. 
Sending support to Tamir Rice's loved ones. Too many black families are mourning the loss of a child. We need to change that reality. -H
"We need their voices, we need their activism." Hillary on the Black Lives Matter movement on 
 Podcast Tuesday comes early — listen to our episode with now! Subscribe at  
When Hillary’s mother Dorothy needed a champion, someone was there. Today, Hillary’s fighting for all the Dorothys.
 We're partnering w/ in our Cola/Chas offices to collect items for  relief. How you can help: 
Honored to have Congressman support. 
“I’ve told that he might want to wait.” Hillary to to the full interview tonight. 
Just 30% of girls around the world are enrolled in secondary school. Together, we can change that:  
"You will surprise yourself with what you’re capable of and the incredible things you [do]." 
 Seems like only yesterday... 
40 years ago, I married the cute guy from the library. Happy anniversary, still got it! -H 
On  we remember that our work isn’t done until everyone can be who they are and is treated with dignity.
The Republicans are spending millions to try and stop her, but Hillary will never quit fighting for you.
 A highlight from yesterday was meeting Cherno Biko, whose passion ; courage had a powerful impact on all of us. 
 We had a good meeting yesterday with Hillary and activists from the  movement—grateful to everyone who pa…
Make history and help shatter one of the highest glass ceilings. Apply to be a Hillary for America intern today: 
Thank you, Every state should follow your lead and make it easier to vote.
 coming to Iowa to support Hillary! RSVP for the Des Moines rally here:  
This  let's commit to ending stigma and making sure those who seek treatment are supported and taken seriously.
Volunteers serenaded Hillary with "Lean on Me" to let her know she has friends in the Granite State.
We can protect the Second Amendment while also protecting our families and communities from gun violence. 
 is right, we can’t give up. It’s time to act on gun violence. 
Last week, Hillary joined on stage at his concert in Miami. Thanks for the warm welcome, Marc!
¡Gracias por apoyar a Hillary Clinton! Para escuchar el mensaje de Dolores, envía HUEA al 47246.
Racism is America's original sin. To those I met with today, thank you for sharing your ideas. -H 
Ever sent a kid to college? Hillary talks about how she and Bill handled dropping Chelsea off the first time:
 The reviews are in: Hillary's plan is tough on Wall Street.  
Thank you, 
If you work on Wall Street and commit a crime, you deserve to go to jail.  
An important question from a young man: “Can you fix the prison problems?”
 Thank you for presenting me w/  Chair's Medallion Award. I'm in great company tonight!  ht…
Hillary sólo tiene una palabra para los Republicanos que insultan a los latinos: ¡Basta!  
Hillary at  to Republican candidates: Basta. Enough. 
 Excited to attend gala tonight and proud to be honored by 
 Stop taking advantage of responsible gun owners who want commonsense reform—including many of your own members.
My plan for Wall Street: Hold individuals and corporations accountable. Make tough rules and enforce them.  -H
We need to enforce regulations on Wall Street to make sure that the 2008 crisis never happens again. 
Jeb should stop attacking voting rights and explain what about citizens exercising their right to vote scares him. 
How about this for speaker instead? 
 You are missing out if you are not following the campaign on Snapchat! 👻 hillaryclinton  
We need to make sure there’s accountability on Wall Street so there can be prosperity on Main Street.
Hillary on standing up to the NRA: “We can’t just say, OK, nothing we can do about it...We have got to fight back.”
"You were great on Saturday Night Live...so, can you do for us the Donald Trump impression?"
Pres. Obama's student aid bill of rights is critical given ongoing predatory practices by student loan servicers.  -H
It’s time to end discrimination against LGBT Americans once and for all. 
Stop the delay, price gouging, and profiting off of others' illnesses. Tell to drop the price now.  -H
Hillary's statement on the Trans-Pacific Partnership: 
Diversity is a source of strength and should be celebrated—not denigrated. Proud to launch Latinos for Hillary. 
It's almost Hillary's birthday. Make sure you sign her card!  
It's almost Hillary's birthday. Make sure you sign her card!  
It's almost Hillary's birthday. Make sure you sign her card!  
"An act of high political courage." on Hillary's gun violence prevention plan. 
Republicans say they don’t think Hillary has accomplished anything—so she sent them a gift.  
 Applause from students: "The federal government shouldn't be making a profit off student debt. That is wrong." 
  I've got some tweets meant for you recently. Something about "partisan hit jobs." Found out why! 
Sorry about the mean tweets you’ve been getting, there! 
 Two out of two Kevin McCarthys agree: is a taxpayer-funded, partisan sham.
Add your name if you think it’s time to take action on gun violence:  
 's snapchat is 🔥🔥🔥 
We need comprehensive immigration reform with a real path to full citizenship. There is no place in America for second-class citizenship.
Thank you, 
We must act to stop gun violence, and we cannot wait any longer. 
 On road to nat'l paid family leave, we need local leadership. Congrats DC for introducing robust paid leave bill! 
 Tune in next week! 
Hillary’s commonsense steps will help reduce gun violence and save lives, say and 
 Hats all the Republican presidential candidates can wear.  
Watch Hillary talk about the best advice her mom ever gave her.
Being a good parent has nothing to do with sexual orientation or gender identity. 
 The law has special protections to shield the gun industry from responsibility.It's time for that to change.
As Republicans spend millions of taxpayer dollars fighting Hillary, she does what she's always done: fight for you.
“It's time for us to say, we're better than this." Hillary's plan to prevent gun violence:  
Protecting communities should be our number one priority—not the interests of the NRA. 
🎵Voy a reir, voy a bailar... 🎵Lanzando Latinos por Hillary con 
 Voters deserve to know how candidates will reduce gun violence. Thanks for sharing your plan, 
Nicole Hockley—mother of Sandy Hook victim Dylan and founder of Hillary's gun violence town hall.
 No "stuff" doesnt just "happen." We choose to let it happen. plan to act on gun violence: ht…
We must act to stop gun violence, and we cannot wait any longer. 
We cannot sit by while more people die. 
When it comes to preventing gun violence, we cannot give up. 
It’s time to act on gun violence. 
 I commend on her plan to fight for commonsense reforms to prevent gun violence. Read her plan: 
If Congress refuses to act to end this epidemic of gun violence, I'll take administrative action to do so. -H
As president, I'll push to close background check loopholes like the "Charleston loophole" that let the shooter get a gun. -H
It's time to act on gun violence. We simply cannot accept as normal 33,000 gun deaths a year. -H
 Military-style assault weapons do not belong on our streets.
"It’s time for us to say, wait a minute. We’re better than this. Our country is better than this." —Hillary on gun violence
Watch live: Hillary unveils her gun violence prevention policy in New Hampshire → 
Hillary believes it’s time to act on gun violence. Read her plan here: 
  Town Hall will be live-streamed on  Link   
  on gun violence in America.  
  Town Hall is live from Hollis, NH! 
Tune in to for Hillary’s live town hall with starting at 7:30 AM ET. 
In this week's Facebook Q;A, Hillary took on Jeb’s claim that Democrats use "free stuff" to appeal to minorities. 
With the dangerous weather hitting South Carolina, please stay safe first and foremost. Take care, and all affected. -H
LGBT rights are human rights and human rights are LGBT rights -- period. 
Hillary finally gets to meet the mischievous, trash-eating puppy from the campaign launch video, “Getting Started.” 
We can’t wait any longer to act on gun violence prevention. 
 Seriously impressed that has a Donald Trump impression. 
"Let us then tap our fists in friendship." 
A vote for Hillary is a vote for four more years of Kate McKinnon's impression.  
  19  women murdered in 2015—primarily women of color. We have to end the “crisis of tran…
“Congress must pass the Federal Equality Act.” Read Hillary’s remarks to the 
Hillary on the epidemic of gun violence. 
Grateful to have on Team Hillary. Educators are the frontline fighters building a stronger America. 
 "I hope the United States joins many other countries that let transgender people serve openly." - 
  Time to upgrade military service records of those forced out for being gay, so they get "honorable disch…
"Congress must pass the Federal Equality Act [to] finally outlaw discrimination against LGBT people basically everywhere." -Hillary
"It’s outrageous that, in 2015, you can still be fired for being gay...this kind of discrimination goes against everything we stand for."
"As President, I will push to cut off federal funding for any public child welfare agency that discriminates against LGBT people." -Hillary
"Eleven states ban same-sex couples and LGBT individuals from adopting....one of the cruelest vestiges of anti-gay bigotry." -Hillary
"We need to say with one voice that transgender people are valued, they are loved, they are us" -Hillary at today
La riqueza de la comunidad latina es su gran diversidad. Estamos orgullosos de lanzar Latinos por Hillary. 
Hillary finally gets to meet the mischievous, trash-eating puppy from the campaign launch video, “Getting Started.”
Today the Immigration and Nationality Act turns 50. It was a first step towards making our system fair, but our work remains unfinished.
 This election is important for the future of the Latino community, our vote could make the difference 
¡Bienvenido a Latinos por Hillary, Para también unirte textea LATINOS a 47246. 
Join Hillary and Text LATINOS to 47246 to be part of Latinos for Hillary! 
 Marc Anthony y Hillary Clinton en el American Airlines Arena 
"I am well aware that this is a political mountain to climb....I will, as your president, never relent on trying to work on this." -Hillary
"Republicans keep refusing to do anything to protect our communities. They put the NRA ahead of American families. It is wrong." -Hillary
"We don't just need to pray...We need to act...Republicans and the NRA say, now is not the time to talk about guns. Yes, it is." -Hillary
"What is wrong with us that we can't stand up to the NRA and the gun lobby and the gun manufacturers they represent?" -Hillary
Thanks to  student activists, we're better prepared than ever to face the climate challenge. 
 A mini-Hillary sighting! 😍"My nana made it for me!"  
  "It's a blast from the Jim Crow past." Alabama should do the right thing ; protect  
Yet another reason we need to restore key protections of the Voting Rights Act. We're better than this. -H 
Proud to have on Team Hillary. 
  proudly partnered w/teachers, fighting for kids, her whole career. Teachers have her respect always 
Another devastating shooting. We need sensible gun control measures to save lives, and I will do everything I can to achieve that. -H
The Republicans aren’t standing up for equal pay, paid family leave, or for refinancing student debt. Hillary is.
The Republican candidates are accusing Hillary of "playing the gender card." Watch her response:
Hillary is already taking on skyrocketing prescription drug costs and getting results.
Raising the minimum wage isn’t just a women’s issue -- it’s also a family issue and an economic issue.
  admits to a taxpayer-funded sham aimed at hurting Watch take:
The United States is the only country in the developed world without guaranteed paid leave. That has to change. 
 Speaker-in-Waiting Kevin McCarthy confirms: Benghazi committee is a partisan effort to hurt Hillary's campaign.
 11. The Zadroga Bill's authorization will lapse tonight. It provides health coverage to 9/11 first responders. The GOP…
In case you were wondering, you should be following hillaryclinton on Snapchat. 👻 
Hillary’s working to earn every vote, but needs your support. Donate by tonight's deadline:  

The team held a focus group with some of Hillary's littlest supporters. 👭
You shouldn't have to worry about your paycheck or your job when you have a baby or someone in your family gets sick.
“Nobody in America should have to choose between buying the medicine they need and paying their rent.” -Hillary
Did you know Hillary once had a job gutting salmon in Alaska? Read about it in her interview with 
Hillary has a plan to cap covered prescription drug costs at $250 per month:  
In school, I learned how to think creatively and stand up for myself.  don't have that chance.  -H
 for because they provide quality, affordable health care to those who need it most.  
For nearly 100 yrs, Planned Parenthood has stood up to political attacks on women's health while providing care. GOP: You're outmatched. -H
Health care, college affordability, and pumpkin spice lattes—read everything you missed from Hillary’s Facebook Q;A: 
  at HQ! So proud to work on a campaign that fights for women’s health 
Excited to be part of first issue! Read Hillary's interview with  
When Republicans attack Planned Parenthood, they’re attacking women’s health. Proud to  always will.
 Have you guys met my new friend  She's running for president.. 😜 Inspired by our conversation.. 😌 
El Papa Francisco tiene razón. Todos los países...tienen la responsabilidad de prevenir el cambio climático. 
During a Facebook Q;A, Hillary responded to Jeb's claim that Democrats appeal to African Americans with "free stuff": 
 At the Hillary Clinton campaign offices with hubby, thanks Thanks for  
Wishing all Korean Americans and their families a safe and happy Chuseok!
 Trump released his tax plan today, and just like other GOP candidates, it's a yuuuuge tax break for billionaires. 
 has found water on Mars. There is no limit to what we can discover when we explore, ask questions, and listen to science.
Hillary’s hosting a Facebook Q;A this afternoon! Leave your question here:  
Families are working harder than ever, but paychecks have barely budged. That needs to change.
Powerful to see sit with federal prisoners for this important conversation. It's time to end mass incarceration. 
Women’s rights are human rights, period. Join Women for Hillary today.
 and stopped by HQ: 
You should not have to be the grandchild of a former president to know that you can make it in America.
 We had a busy week welcoming ; to SC! Catch up if you missed it here 
Hillary on her vision for the country: 
Hillary is on this morning, check your local listings and tune in. 
Xi hosting a meeting on women's rights at the UN while persecuting feminists? Shameless.   -H
If the medicine you need costs less in Canada, you should be able to buy it from Canada—or any country that meets our safety standards.
 la Directora de Asuntos Latinos de  comparte su historia inspiradora: 
America’s diversity is what makes us great. The GOP apparently doesn’t see it that way: 
Grateful to for long and distinguished service to our nation. It was an honor to work with him to keep our country safe. -H
"A feminist is by definition someone who believes in equal rights." —Hillary  
 We’re right on the verge of 10,000 Facebook likes—click here to help put us over the top! →  
 activist,  Latino Outreach Director—shares her story of overcoming obstacles: 
Top CEOs earn 300 times more than a typical American worker. That’s wrong. It’s time for Americans to get a raise.
Making friends in Des Moines, Iowa. 
Mikaylah had to write a sentence using the word “can” for homework. A+. (via Instagram/edenrmz) 
 Here's my take on why Sen Rubio's family leave plan (like his other plans) would leave working families in the dust! 
 Wow: offensive comments about  are just another example of his out-of-touch/outdated thinking. ht…
  will lift us all up. Proud to be part of  
Today in 1981, Sandra Day O’Connor became the first woman appointed to the Supreme Court. 
Hillary on climate message: "There’s no time to waste. We have to act now. Pope Francis is right." 
  NOW if YOU believe that women's rights are human rights and support  of the  
You don’t have to be a scientist to take on climate change—you just have to be willing to act.
For every daughter who dreams that someday, she’ll be president—join  
Wishing a blessed Eid to those celebrating Eid Al-Adha. My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragedy in Mecca today. -H
 In week full of proud moments, here's one more. So excited to be part of the  video launching today: 
The official soundtrack for shattering glass ceilings, by  on  
 Republicans voted to defund If these Republicans were elected president, they would make it law. 
Gracias, Tenemos que cuidar el medio ambiente, crear oportunidades económicas y defender los derechos y la dignidad de todos.
Hillary believes that what’s good for women is good for America.  
 Another accomplishment: 5 years of helping women, families and environment with clean 
 So proud to be part of  and show my daughter she can be anything she dreams. Watch our video: 
The Senate was right to block a resolution that would defund Planned Parenthood. Now, stop these attacks—and don't shut down the government.
 For every girl who has ever dared to dream—watch our new video and join  
 Here's to all the women proving we can do and be anything we dream. Join  (and watch this video!): 
This is our country, and we won’t stay trapped beneath glass. Join  
Thank you, We have much to do to care for our planet, strengthen economic opportunity, and defend the rights ; dignity of all. -H
"A feminist is by definition someone who believes in equal rights." —Hillary to Lena Dunham:  
 "Do you consider yourself a feminist?"Hillary: "Yes. Absolutely."  
It’s not enough to condemn campus sexual assault. We need to end it. 
We must renew the basic bargain of America: If you work hard and you do your part, you should be able to get ahead and stay ahead.
It's almost Hillary's birthday. Make sure you sign her card! 
It's almost Hillary's birthday. Make sure you sign her card! 
☝️ No, really—read Hillary’s comprehensive plan for lowering health care costs for working families: 
Lower health care costs means families should see savings, not insurance companies. Hillary's plan addresses this. 
Hillary opposes the Keystone pipeline. Read why:  
 An important show of support from women in the Senate for courageous women political prisoners.  
Wish Hillary a happy birthday -- sign the card! 
Wish Hillary a happy birthday -- sign the card! 
Why Hillary opposes the Keystone pipeline:  
Diversity is a strength, not a weakness. The GOP disagrees: 
"Baseball is 90% mental—the other half is physical." Yogi gave everything at least 140%. We'll miss him. My prayers are with his family. -H
 GOP vision for our country: "We should not have a multicultural society." So much for America the beautiful.
 Listening to on NOW. Listen: 
Hillary is joining Tom Joyner on the Tune in → 
Good that Turing will lower an essential drug's price. Hillary's plan would prevent price gouging in the first place: 
Time to invest in a clean energy future—not build a pipeline to carry our continent's dirtiest fuel across the US. I oppose Keystone XL. -H
Good. 
 Let's meet; we want to hear from anyone ready to address this urgent problem and work toward solutions. Our team will follow up.
Wishing an easy fast for all those observing Yom Kippur.
Hillary's prescription plan would cap out-of-pocket costs at $250 per month. What would you do with your savings? 
"If we’re serious about raising people’s incomes, we have to bring down out-of-pocket costs." —Hillary
"If the medicine you need costs less in Canada, you should be able to buy it from Canada—or any country that meets our safety standards."
"Under my plan, I’ll cap out-of-pocket drug costs for families. You won’t have to pay more than $250/month for covered medications."—Hillary
Hillary’s prescription drug reform plan: "I want to both protect consumers and promote innovation—while putting an end to profiteering."
The uninsured rate is the lowest in decades, but prescription costs, out-of-pocket costs, and premiums are growing. We need to do better.
Hillary on her plan to stop drug companies' price gouging, boost innovation, and keep money in families' pockets → 
Outrageous. When companies put profits ahead of safety and the environment, there should be consequences. 
The best way to celebrate National Voter Registration Day: Register to vote! →  
We need labor law reform. The  would protect workers' rights, now Congress should pass it. -H
David Axelrod, former Senior Advisor to President Obama, on Hillary’s greatest accomplishments. 

Every child deserves the opportunity to succeed, no matter who their parents are or where they’re from.
Couldn't agree more, Welcome to Twitter! 
Hillary on what the attacks against Planned Parenthood are really about:
HBCUs serve some of our brightest students and are a bridge to equal opportunity. Proud to support them this  and year round. -H
At the  became the first black woman to win Outstanding Lead Actress in a drama. Bravo, Viola! 
Can a Muslim be President of the United States of America? In a word: Yes. Now let's move on. -H 
Price gouging like this in the specialty drug market is outrageous. Tomorrow I'll lay out a plan to take it on. -H 
Hillary’s work “was an important part of the reason their lives were better.” 
"These are our moms and our dads.” Keith from New Hampshire thanks Hillary for speaking up for caregivers:
A moving moment backstage: "I'm taking care of my mom, she has Alzheimer's...thank you for speaking up for that."
On September 20, 1973, tennis star defeated Bobby Riggs in a match titled “The Battle of the Sexes.” 
Hillary: A champion for women’s rights. 
Where are we on gefilte fish? Hillary talks emails with
Carly Fiorina challenged Democrats to name an accomplishment of Hillary’s. accepted: 
Keith from NH works part-time so he can care for his mom. He shared his story with Hillary:  
"I cannot imagine anyone being more of an outsider than the first woman president."
  se unió a la despedida de Don Francisco felicitándolo y dándole las gracias.  
"I believe in America, we should have each other’s backs." Watch Hillary at 
 is right: When we ensure black women and girls have the opportunity to live up to their God-given potential, America gets ahead. -H
What Every 20-Something Should Know About Hillary Clinton:  via
It's indisputable that having a Democrat in the White House is good for our economy.
Senator Chuck Schumer: Hillary helped “restore the shattered credibility of the United States.” 
The hair’s real; the color’s not. Hillary’s impression of Donald Trump on
Cheers to you, Happy birthday! 🍷 
Proud to have the support of New Hampshire’s great governor,  
Post-speech dance break at the New Hampshire Democratic Party State Convention. (via  
 Let's go,  
“If you want a president who will listen to you, work her heart out to make your life better—then you’re lookin’ at her."—Hillary 
 Hillary up next! Are you watching live?  
  is out strong at the Convention -  if you're with us!   
 Let's go, New Hampshire!  
 on Hillary’s greatest accomplishments, from Iranian sanctions to women’s rights around the world. 
A proud step forward. 
“That is what I intend to do.” 
 former Senior Advisor to President Obama, on Hillary’s greatest accomplishments. 
 Watch/read! Total career highlight. Was blown away by how brilliant and warm was, in our sit-down.  
On selfies, gefilte fish, and of course, Donald Trump, with 
Otro producto del Partido de Trump Hablar sobre los latinos no solo quiere decir hablar de propinas. 
Cutting off Americans from lifesaving health care at Planned Parenthood is wrong.  
The House voting to defund Planned Parenthood is an attack on women's health—nothing more, nothing less. Republicans should be ashamed.
“Any woman who reports an assault should be heard and believed." —Hillary to Read the interview: 
 I’m proud to endorse in her campaign for president 
 WATCH LIVE:  with 
 Another thing we haven't heard from GOP candidates: real solutions to curb outsized influence of money in politics. 
What is Hillary's greatest accomplishment? Here's a list from 20 top American leaders and strategists: 
 The best part of this election cycle so far has been Snapchat. 
Donald Trump not denouncing false statements about POTUS ; hateful rhetoric about Muslims is disturbing, ; just plain wrong. Cut it out. -H
Love this idea, If you were president, what’s the first thing you would do?  
The report shows we have more work to do to end violence against women in South Carolina and every state. 
Hillary to Shutting down our government over a partisan attack on Planned Parenthood is just wrong.
 In the fight against addiction, medication-assisted treatment saves lives. Glad agrees with on expan…
 A former Pentagon and State Dept. official says the GOP debate last night made one thing clear about the Iran deal: ht…
"Don’t attack women’s health care. And don’t shut down the government." Hillary's message to Republicans: 
Raising family incomes is our defining economic challenge. Read Hillary Clinton's plan at 
 What plans did the GOP lay out on college affordability last night? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
 My great-grandfather's handbook sits atop desk as daily reminder. Proud of my immigrant roots  
Well said, 
"I will do everything I can -- every single day -- to knock down the barriers, to open up the doors."
 Hillary Clinton to Latinos: ‘I stand with you’  
Trump: "Are you writing all this down?"Hillary: "Let me grab my pen..."
Heading to New Hampshire and just read that there's an emu on the loose! Seems like a story with legs. -H 
👆
 
 Meanwhile, Hillary blastin all the Republicans on snapchat 😂 
No, they’re not talking about the GOP debate. Catch Hillary on next! 
For a bunch of people who don't believe in acting on climate change, the Republican candidates seem committed to recycling ideas. 
You don’t have to be a scientist to know that climate change is an urgent challenge that threatens us all. We need to act.
We need commonsense reforms that keep weapons out of the hands of criminals and the violently unstable and respect responsible gun owners.
Tired of the  We asked supporters what they were doing instead. Here were some of our favorites: 
Fingers crossed we're getting close to the part when they talk about things they're for—instead of against. 
¿Quieres recibir nuestras reacciones sobre el debate republicano en español por mensajes de texto? Envía DEBATE a 47246.
Still a good time to sign up! 
The defining economic challenge of our time is raising incomes. That's how hardworking Americans will get ahead and stay ahead. 
Los estadounidenses que trabajan duro cada día deberían de poder salir adelante. Nuestro desafío económico es aumentar sus salarios.
 You're right, The economy was in great shape when left office. 
The GOP's ideas for the economy are just trickle-down economics in disguise. We need a new plan for the 21st century. 
La libertad incluye el derecho de hablar en cualquier idioma. Eso nos hace fuerte como país y es algo que debemos celebrar—no denigrar.
 Hillary has led on immigration reform. You can't say the same for the GOP. 
 should stop complimenting women and start respecting them. 
Hard-working, law-abiding immigrant families deserve a path to earned citizenship—not second-class status. 
La idea de que los Estados Unidos va a deportar 11 millones de personas es absurda—totalmente absurda.
 Efforts to defund Planned Parenthood are an assault on women’s health and rights. Period. 
What you’re missing if you’re not getting texts from Hillary. Text “REACT” to 47246 to join the fun. 
 Every last one.  
Women—not the politicians on stage—should make decisions about their own reproductive health care. Period. 
Marriage equality is the law of the land. Officials don't have to agree—but they do have to uphold the law. 
America and our allies—especially Israel—will be safer if we enforce the nuclear agreement with Iran.
Tearing up the Iran nuclear deal isn't leadership—it's recklessness.
 Show time.  
 Watching GOP debate w/ friends - donating $1 each time they mention  
Síganos en para nuestras reacciones sobre el debate republicano que está por empezar.
 You bet.
 Do yourself a favor and watch snapchat story before tonight's debate.
 Big win in MO against   says "when unions are strong, familes are strong" 
"Como Presidenta, siempre estaré con la comunidad latina." Lea la op-ed de Hillary: 
Are you watching the GOP debate? Bet you feel like donating to a Democrat right about now. 
 Following on Snapchat was the wisest move I've made this election cycle. Shade for days  
Congress must reauthorize the Zadroga Act. We owe it to 9/11 responders to provide them with the care they need. 
Today’s the day the Republican presidential candidates meet for the second debate. Follow for fact-checks and more.
 The GOP: like bad reality TV, with worse ideas. Get caught up on what you've missed since the first debate:
Assumptions and fear don't keep us safe—they hold us back. Ahmed, stay curious and keep building. 
 Check out this amazing new tool on Pinterest to help you organize your  House Party! 
See where Hillary stands on many issues, from college affordability to voting rights expansion: 
We’re having a lot of fun on You should follow us! 👻hillaryclinton 
Encouraging news. We should make it easier to vote in every state. 
I used to love reading to and now she's written her own book. I’m so proud. Pick up  today! -H
While others attack, insult, and denigrate—today we proudly celebrate the beginning of Hispanic Heritage Month. Sí se puede. -H
 Introducing the  26 of the most out-of-touch things GOP candidates have said or done since the last debate. h…
Hillary has been fighting for women and families her entire life. If you're with her, chip in today: 
Events in Ferguson stem from structural inequities. We need to acknowledge and confront them to move forward. -H 
Hillary to every survivor of sexual assault: You have the right to be heard and believed. We're with you.
Hillary's message to survivors of sexual assault: We're with you.
Tune in to tonight to catch Hillary talking Trump, social media, and Sneak preview: 
Unions help keep working families strong. Scott Walker's attacks on unions and workers' rights aren't leadership—they're bullying. -H
 to join Hillary in telling survivors of sexual assault: We're with you. 
"To every survivor of sexual assault...You have the right to be heard. You have the right to be believed. We're with you." —Hillary
“Rape is a crime—wherever it happens.” —Hillary
“It is not enough to condemn campus sexual assault. We need to end campus sexual assault.” —Hillary
Watch live now: Hillary speaks on the fight to ensure every woman in America can fulfill her potential → 
 LIVE on  
“We can’t stop the world from changing, but we can help to shape those changes." Hillary and the Iran Deal:
"We can lift each other up and leave no one behind." Hillary's remarks at yesterday: 
It’s time we recognize that we have a drug and alcohol addiction epidemic on our hands—and act to address it. 
Our prisons—where 2/3 inmates meet criteria for substance use disorders—are no substitute for treatment. We must reform our justice system.
Our health care system allows too many people with substance use disorders to go without care. We need to invest in treatment.
23 million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get the treatment they need. 
Drug and alcohol addiction is a disease, not a moral failing—and we must treat it as such.
Leadership is about strength, smart choices, and an unyielding commitment to America’s values.
Happy Grandparents Day!  
We’re flying one lucky supporter (and a friend) out to have dinner with Hillary. Enter now for your chance to win!  
We’re flying one lucky supporter (and a friend) out to have dinner with Hillary. Enter now for your chance to win! 
L'Shana Tova! To all who celebrate, wishing you a sweet and healthy new year. -H
Every woman and family deserves safety from violence. On VAWA's anniversary, we have more to do to prevent violence and support survivors.
We have an obligation not just to our own children and grandchildren, but to every child in America. 
We need to work to make sure that we give every child in America the same opportunities. 
Take it from 
We need to put our elections back in the hands of everyday Americans. 
 How incredibly special--thank you for sharing your special day with us, This is why we do this.  
Every future president needs one. 
At liftoff 23 years ago today, made history ; became the first African American woman to travel in space. 
 Venezuela should release not sentence him on politically-motivated charges that show disregard for its c…
We lost many brave Americans on September 11, 2001—and in the years since, because of it. Today we mourn and honor them. -H
9/11 responders deserve our support for their sacrifice. Congress must reauthorize the Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act. -H
“I will work to pass a constitutional amendment to undo Citizens United.”Add your name if you’re with Hillary!  
Watch: Hillary Clinton's mission as president will be to expand opportunities for every child in America.
Five-year-old Macey tells Hillary about her presidential aspirations backstage at
Highlight of the week: A sitdown with America’s cutest presidential history expert.
 WSJ: "Top 1% Are Biggest Winners in Jeb Bush’s Tax Plan"  
Hillary has a plan to put raising incomes at the center of our economy again. Read it here: 
Dance break. 
Thanks, 
Watch to learn why Senator Jeanne Shaheen is supporting Hillary Clinton for president.
"I'm a woman for Hillary. She is tested. She is our champion and she is our friend." -- Senator Jeanne Shaheen
"I choose Hillary because I know her and I trust her." -- Senator Jeanne Shaheen
“I will work to pass a constitutional amendment to undo Citizens United.”Add your name if you’re with Hillary! 
“I will work to pass a constitutional amendment to undo Citizens United.”Add your name if you’re with Hillary! 
Today on Hillary, a mini Hillary, Ellen, and Don’t miss it. 
 This Throwback Thursday, here's a look at Republicans' outdated plans to "take care" of women. 
Hillary has always been a fighter for women. Let her know you’re in her corner, too—join Women for Hillary: 
Watch live now: Hillary details her record of fighting for women’s rights → 
 "Too often ... the human beings responsible get off with limited consequences or none at all." - HRC, 7/13/15 
Read Hillary’s strategy for tough, smart, ; effective leadership on Iran ; the Middle East:  
 "Women are standing with Hillary because Hillary stands with women." – in NH
What do and recall from Hillary’s  speech? Read the story behind her remarks: 
Hillary’s life wouldn’t have been the same without the guidance of some special teachers.  
 Hillary has provided tough, smart and effective leadership on Iran. Her record and vision:  
 asked: “Is your mother’s voice in your ear?” Watch Hillary's response:
Hillary on Iran: 
"We can’t stop the world from changing, but we can shape the changes...by leading with strength, smarts ; commitment to our values."—Hillary
“I will always stand by Israel’s right to defend itself, as I always have.” —Hillary
“As president, I will take whatever actions are necessary to protect the United States and our allies.” —Hillary
"Here’s my message to Iran’s leaders: The United States will never allow you to acquire a nuclear weapon." —Hillary
"Is it perfect? No agreement like this ever is. But is it a strong agreement? Yes. And we absolutely should not turn it down." —Hillary
"I support this deal—as part of a larger strategy toward Iran." —Hillary
Watch live now: Hillary speaks on the Iran Deal → 
A note from Hillary on her email: 
Hillary to "I should have used two accounts... I’m sorry about that, I take responsibility.”
Had so much fun at today. Tune in on Thursday! 
This weekend in Iowa, a mom told Hillary: "I’m counting on you to know what it’s like to be a working mother.”
 but seriously, where are we on gefilte fish?
 see you at 30 Rock this afternoon. Pantsuit up!
“That’s going on the mantel—we don’t have one, but we’ll make one.” Scenes from the Women for Hillary launch in NH:
 Hillary's proposals to curb big money in politics ➡️  
 Read  reform plan to restore govt of, by, and for the people, not just wealthy few: 
Hillary is committed to overturning Citizens United, the case that helped unleash secret money into U.S. elections. 
  duck calling enthusiast. This video from the weekend *quacks* me up.  
Hillary is passionate about overturning Citizens United because she knows firsthand what it’s done to our democracy.
Food craving? Binge-watch show of choice? 6 things you probably didn’t know about Hillary, via
  will help workers aged 50+ who lose $300K in wages and retirement when forced to quit their job to care fo…
 Great move federal contractors now must allow workers to earn 7 days of paid sick days. Stronger families = a …
Now federal contractors can't discriminate against workers who discuss their pay. That's a strong step towards closing the equal pay gap. -H
Happy Labor Day, indeed! is right: everyone deserves to earn seven paid sick days and 12 weeks of paid family leave. -H
Safer working conditions, weekends, higher wages, a stronger middle class: all brought to you by the US labor movement. Happy Labor Day! -H
 I'm proud to stand with  Add your name if you're with me: 
Strong support from Senator 
Show your support for Hillary -- sign up for the official campaign right now!  
20 years ago, Hillary stood up for women's rights worldwide. What do her words mean to you? Share with 
Food craving? Binge-watch show of choice? 6 things you probably didn’t know about Hillary, via
Together we can break the highest glass ceiling. Join   
Through prevention, treatment, and criminal justice reform, we can combat this country's addiction epidemic. 
 Today, I officially endorsed at  kick off! Add your name:  
Say you’re on Team   
 in 1995: Hillary spoke "more forcefully on human rights than any American dignitary has on Chinese soil." → 
 Over 20 years of fighting for women -- that's why we're in for Add your name to learn more.&gt;&gt; 
"I chose Hillary because I know her and I trust her. She is a voice for the voiceless." – in NH 
  1995 speech still rings true today. Freedom means not jailing women who disagree w/you  h…
  "Los derechos humanos son derechos de la mujer, y los derechos de las mujeres son derechos humanos, de un…
 Learn how  speech inspired me to get  ; focus my career on public service ht…
When we join together, we can’t be beat. Say you’re on team   
 "Well, I’m a proud, lifelong fighter for women’s issues because I firmly believe what’s good for women is good for Americ…
 "My mother taught me that everybody deserves a chance and everyone deserves a champion." 
 WATCH LIVE: endorsing 
 Women are standing with Hillary because Hillary stands with women 
20 years ago today, Hillary stood up for women's rights worldwide. What do her words mean to you? Share with 
 Thank you ; for leading on  ;    
 I think we can all get behind this thought--AND the latest themed  
Hillary, 20 years ago today: “It is no longer acceptable to discuss women's rights as separate from human rights.”
 Portsmouth is getting ready to kick-off  
6 things you might not know about Hillary’s  speech, from conference attendee 
 We're kicking off Women for Hillary in Portsmouth today with and Follow along using 
Not everyone wanted Hillary to give her speech on combatting human rights abuses against women in Beijing. Watch:
"Women's rights are human rights.” Make a statement—in 6 different languages—wherever you go:  
Hillary está a punto de hablar en San Juan, Puerto Rico. Véanlo aquí: 
Hillary sat down with to talk about everything from her emails to her vision for America. Watch:
 Next on One-on-one with  
"When Hillary Clinton cares deeply about something, she is more than willing to be bold and take risks."  
What inspires Hillary about  how women around the world have taken up the call themselves. Watch:
Whatever language you speak, you should feel welcome in America. 
 Can't wait—but please, stop texting "Clinton/DeGeneres" slogan ideas.
 Celebrating  speech with my new Bitmoji! 
 My to celebrate  speech "Women's rights are human rights"  
 and just made my Thursday!   
Our friends at are marking the 20th anniversary of Hillary's speech in Beijing. Make yours today! 
Meet "ThxBox"—a personal thank you from Hillary. Get on the waiting list to find out more:  
Marriage equality is the law of the land. Officials should be held to their duty to uphold the law—end of story. 
Enter now for your chance to win a trip to Las Vegas to see the first Democratic debate and meet Hillary! 
“I knew we were watching history being made.” What it was like to be there when Hillary stood up for women worldwide: 
  eliminaría les pasaría al millón de estudiantes Latinos que dependen de Pell Grants para ir…
 I remember reading about this in "Living History" as a student leader and becoming a life-long supporter. 
"We should be saying that enough is enough.” Read Hillary's plan to address America’s substance use epidemic: 
“Women’s rights are human rights.” Watch Hillary say the words that are as true now as they were in 1995. 
Great news that the Iran Deal has enough votes; as POTUS, I would aggressively enforce it and counter Iran’s other malicious activities. -H
 SCOTUS says LGBT couples can marry. Officials should uphold the law. Period. What's next, Professor Rubio? 
Show your support for Hillary -- sign up for the official campaign right now!  
Show your support for Hillary -- sign up for the official campaign right now! 
 Forgive me for forgetting that this man is a doctor. Irresponsible and just plain wrong. 
“Our tribe learned the hard way that one-size-fits-all prevention programs don’t work.”  
"We as a nation need to get over the fiction that willpower is the cure for a brain disease."  
Enter now for your chance to win a trip to Las Vegas to see the first Democratic debate and meet Hillary! 
"I rode with Hillary in her car to the conference hall." Watch the story behind Hillary's iconic  speech:
 I agree w/ addiction is a disease, not a moral failing. Click here for more on her plan to help: 
 Participate live now in FB Q;A on substance use disorders, prevention and recovery w/ 
Starting now! Ask policy experts ; your questions:  
 ① Prevention② Treatment③ First Responders④ Prescribers⑤ Criminal Justice ReformHRC's plan to fight addiction ➔ 
How will Hillary address the substance abuse epidemic? Join and for a Q;A today at 12:30 ET: 
 When says the federal government "shouldn't be involved in gun laws," what exactly does that mean? Watch:htt…
“For too long, we have had a quiet epidemic on our hands.” Read Hillary’s plan to address drug and alcohol addiction: 
Reviewing notes on the way to the conference, Hillary knew the  speech would be her most important yet:
Magic hour in Iowa. 🌅 
Why is on Team Hillary? Her sense of justice, smart policies, and commitment to middle-class workers. 
  No need to fight, guys: you both agree that Hillary was a great SecState. We get it. 
Enter now for your chance to win a trip to Las Vegas to see the first Democratic debate and meet Hillary! 
Enter now for your chance to win a trip to Las Vegas to see the first Democratic debate and meet Hillary! 
Enter now for your chance to cheer on Hillary at the first Democratic debate! 
 I was only 1 year old, and was already fighting for me  
 for Hillary: "I want her compassion and leadership in the Oval Office.” 
 snapchat though 🙌🏼  
Born September 1, 1933, Ann Richards was the 1st woman governor of TX in her own right—and a fighter for families. 
In 1995, Hillary led the US delegation to the UN Women’s Conference, despite opposition. 
20 years ago, Hillary gave her historic speech to the United Nations Women’s Conference. 
Retweet if you agree. 
Read Hillary and op-ed on a bill to stop the revolving door between Wall Street and our government: 
 Join me and in Portsmouth this Saturday to kick off  
 Read Hillary and on how to stop the revolving door:  
Read Hillary and new op-ed on a bill that will help restore Americans' trust in government: 
 Jeanne Shaheen made history in New Hampshire. Now she's endorsed to help make history. 
Watch Hillary say: “We have got to do something about gun violence in America—and I will take it on.”
We must expand access to health care ; education in rural areas. That’s the key to strong families ; strong futures. 

 The long road to  equality…  
A big question from a small supporter in Iowa: How will Hillary get things done? See her answer:
  These are families like mine you're talking about. We're not packages.  
101-year-old Jerry—born before women had the vote—joined in Minneapolis yesterday for Hillary’s speech. 
A strong America depends on strong rural communities. Learn more:  
Today, we remember those lost in Katrina ; recommit to finishing the work of rebuilding. No city should have to endure what NOLA endured. -H
 Y'all, snapchat story right now 😂💅💙
On this anniversary of the March on Washington, we honor those who fought for civil rights. We must commit to continuing the fight today.
"I want to let you know that as your president, I will first and foremost be a champion for our children."—Hillary 
For prosperity to be real and lasting, it has to take root in small towns and rural areas as well as urban ones. 
  We repeat our call on  government to release Amir Hekmati on humanitarian grounds. Full statement: 
What Republicans are saying about women may be red meat in a GOP primary—but it's wrong in 21st-century America.
"If calling for equal pay and paid leave and women's health is playing the gender card, well, then, deal me in."—Hillary
Live from the DNC: Hillary is speaking about strengthening the middle class and moving this country forward. Watch → 
 Dads for Hillary! Making dials for with MY number one supporter!   
Denying women access to health care might be good politics in a Republican primary, but it’s terrible policy in the real world.
May  bring enough rain to end the drought, but cuidado con los vientos. ¡Pensando en ustedes, Puerto Rico! -H
"We've got to come to terms with hard truths about guns in America."
Tome el quiz para ver cómo el plan de Hillary te bajaría los costos de la universidad. Textea UNIVERSIDAD a 47246. 
  se presentó en su anuncio de campaña como una luchadora por la clase media  
Politics are hard. But when it comes to gun violence, we cannot give up. We cannot sit by while more good people die. We must keep going.
It makes no sense that bipartisan legislation supporting universal background checks failed despite overwhelming support from the public.
A majority of Americans and a majority of gun owners support universal background checks.
We need commonsense reforms to keep weapons out of the hands of criminals, the violently unstable, domestic abusers, and terrorists.
We lose people to gun violence every day. It’s time to come to grips with this.
 Very sweet—hopefully next time! Will brush up on the karaoke.

Hillary is laying out her vision for strengthening the middle class in Cleveland, Ohio. Watch live: 
"We are smart enough—compassionate enough—to figure out how to balance legitimate Second Amendment rights with preventive measures."—Hillary
Equal pay, paid leave, childcare: These aren't just "women's issues," they're family issues and economic issues. 
We need to recognize that quality, affordable childcare is not a luxury–it's a growth strategy. 
No woman should have to go back to work 24 hours after giving birth. 
The United States is the only country in the developed world without guaranteed paid leave. This needs to change. 
Too many women still earn less than men on the job—and women of color often lose out the most. This needs to change. 
95 years ago, Henrietta fought for women's right to vote. Her granddaughter wrote us a letter:  
"A strong America depends on strong rural communities." Read Hillary's plan:  
"We have got to do something about gun violence in America."
 LIVE: Click here to watch Hillary and Tom Vilsack now! → 
Heartbroken and angry. We must act to stop gun violence, and we cannot wait any longer. Praying for the victims' families in Virginia. -H
"Hillary Clinton has the right policies to strengthen and expand the middle class."—Former Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack 
Before midnight: Last chance to pitch in and have your name added to the new Donor Wall at HQ!→ 
“Hillary Clinton is not new to the fight for middle class families.” —Former Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack 
Tome el quiz para ver cómo el plan de Hillary te bajaría los costos de la universidad. Textea UNIVERSIDAD a 47246. 
 When Jeb talks about defunding Planned Parenthood, he's talking about blocking millions from lifesaving health care. h…
"AmeriCorps is a...cost-effective solution to some of our nation’s most pressing issues." Hillary wants to expand it: 
 Jeb's ideas are dangerous for women's health: he says services like Pap smears, prenatal care ; STI screenings aren't wo…
WATCH: Tom Harkin's take on Hillary Clinton is short and to the point.
Tom Harkin is supporting Hillary Clinton for president -- take 6 seconds to watch and hear why!
Reminder: Jeb isn't the only Republican who wants to defund Planned Parenthood. Hillary's message to all of them:
What does Jeb think cancer screenings, STI tests and treatments, birth control, and prenatal care are?
Jeb is just wrong.✔️ 2.7 million patients for✔️ 900K cancer screenings and✔️ 4.5M STI tests and treatments/year 
 Check out what Hillary's College Compact could save YOUR family here in Iowa →  
How do Jeb Bush and Donald Trump differ on immigration? Spoiler alert: They don't.
Purging 34,000+ voters from Kansas elections is no administrative rule—it's a targeted attack on voting rights. 
¿Pueden adivinar cuál es la diferencia entre Donald Trump y Jeb Bush sobre el tema migratorio? Nosotros no.
 Did you miss tweetstorm debunking the email attacks? Get the facts: 
 He may not have Trump’s pizzazz, but when it comes to ideas on immigration, Jeb may as well be the same candidate.htt…
 Whether he meant Latinos, Asians, or other immigrants he's just WRONG 
 This is what a progressive candidate on education sounds like.   
Making being a nerd look cool since 1965. Happy  to everyone starting today! 
  answers tweets about the email "scandal" in (slightly more than) 140 characters.
College must be affordable to everyone. It's one of the single biggest ways we can raise incomes. 
Not one of the 17 GOP candidates has discussed how they'd address the rising cost of college. Disappointing, but not surprising.
We need to help students who are also parents. When you help parents get an education, you're also helping their children.
Millions of borrowers who already have student debt should be able to refinance it at lower rates.
We must make community colleges tuition-free across America.
No student should have to borrow money to pay tuition at a public college.
It’s never too early to start asking the tough questions. In case you missed it: 
Shop the HFA pop-up shop today at For a preview of items for sale, visit the online store: 
Thank you to these brave servicemen for risking their lives to prevent a far worse tragedy. 
Need a better understanding of Hillary's use of email as Secretary of State? is breaking it down now: 
"When you see that you've got CEOs making 300x what the average worker is making, you know the deck is stacked."
 new clothing line celebrates girls being themselves, free from gender stereotypes. Hear, hear! 
Hillary wants to expand from 75,000 to 250,000 members. See how AmeriCorps changed one volunteer’s life: 
 Love this. Head to Instagram ( to follow along.  
About that email "scandal"—we fact-checked the tweets:
A dad in TX is taking over our Instagram today. See how Hillary's college plan will help him:  
 If you watch this, by the logic some apply to Hillary Clinton's emails, you'll have viewed classified material.
The determination to never quit knows no gender. I'm so proud of these soldiers. -H  
From a former official: “Our ridiculous classification rules” are the real problem: 
Add us on Snapchat! 👻 hillaryclinton 
Grab the She’s Got Your Back(pack) and gear up for back to school: 
 ¿Qué dice cuando piensa que los Latinos no lo están escuchando? Textea INSULTO al 47246 y verás 
 Same crazy talk, different hair. Text INSULT to 47246 to see for yourself  
Se llaman "bebés," "niños," o "ciudadanos." 
Thanks to Kymora’s back on the court—right where she belongs.  
How about "babies," "children," or "American citizens." 
They may not have Donald’s pizzazz, but the rest of the GOP candidates are singing his tune:
 What does Jeb Bush say about immigrant families when he thinks nobody is listening? The same as Donald Trump.
 Go check out for Birthday! It's perfect. 
But what about  
They're called babies. 
 Standing with at the site where the Confederate flag no longer flies—a milestone for South Carolina. 
 Excited for my first visit to the Palmetto State with Meeting with Jim Hodges ; more SC s…
 Hillary's Snapchat story 😍 
After all these years, nobody makes me laugh like Happy birthday! -H 
 Hillary's a fighter “for those who have dreams.”
 My take on The GOP’s Big Idea on Healthcare: Repeal, Repeal, Repeal 
Question of the day—“Do you think that when you’re president, you’ll be paid as much as a man?” Hear Hillary answer:
About time. 
 Scott Walker's health care plan: heavy on repeal, light on replace, entirely politics. 
  took a major step in reducing methane leaks. will defend and build upon these measures to protect …
The best way to honor women who broke boundaries before us: Keeping it up. See the timeline: 
  Snapchat story marking the 95th anniversary of ratification of the   
 "Hillary understands that when we lift women, we lift their families, and we lift entire communities."  htt…
“Thank you for caring about student parents—I was one 17 years ago!” From one mom (and PhD) to Hillary:
 Endorsements are great but "Sign me up for some volunteer shifts" is music to our ears. Thanks,  
  has your back(pack)! Loving the new collection→  
 if you agree with Hillary. 
16 million Americans have gained health insurance from the Affordable Care Act. We need to protect it—not repeal it.
95 years ago today, women got one step closer to winning the right to vote. Here’s to making history. 
We’re flying one lucky supporter (and a friend) out to have dinner with Hillary. Enter now for your chance to win! 
We’re flying one lucky supporter (and a friend) out to have dinner with Hillary. Enter now for your chance to win! 
The Arctic is a unique treasure. Given what we know, it's not worth the risk of drilling. -H
 is right: We can't afford another President Bush who would take us backward on Iraq and foreign policy. 
Back to school game strong. Shop the new collection:  
Watch ;  if you agree that we need to reshuffle the deck and rebuild America’s middle class.
“I’m going to do everything I can to get the deck reshuffled so being middle class means something again!”
Hillary explains why she supports more:
  on the Republican field → 
Thought you’d never ask. Text “GO” to 47246 for updates from the campaign. 
"She has so much compassion and it shows. She's a person, she's a grandmother, she's somebody's mother." 
 A shameful attack against Planned Parenthood in a state that can't afford to lose services for women.  
One of the single biggest ways we can raise incomes is by making college affordable and available to every American.
 Iowa Fair? Wing Ding? Here is real news out of Iowa from Unveils Plan to Help Students w/ Children 
If you can refinance your mortgage or your car loan, you should be able to refinance your student loan.
If schools load students up with debt for programs that don’t lead to good-paying jobs, they should be accountable, too.
Students should never have to take out a loan to pay for tuition at their state’s public university.
Interning at  HQ in NYC:✔️ Free coffee✔️ Great views✔️ The chance to make historyApply today → 
Warming up for Team Hillary: Jason Collins visits campaign HQ.
I am deeply saddened by the passing of Julian Bond. We owe him a debt of gratitude for his fight for equality and justice. -H
Take this quiz to see how Hillary will help you afford college or manage your existing debt:  
"I’ve been fighting for families and underdogs my entire life and I’mnot going to stop now."—Hillary in Iowa 
Abrimos la embajada estadounidense en La Habana. Simboliza un paso hacia adelante en la relación entre nuestro país y el pueblo Cubano.
 Who knew a pork chop on a stick was a thing? a fan! Only at the  
We need to make quality education affordable and available to everyone willing to work for it–without saddling them with decades of debt.
More and more, paying for college is pushing people’s dreams further out of reach–and that’s just wrong.
✔️ Lower interest rates✔️ Never pay more than you can affordHillary’s plan will relieve the burden of student debt: 
 Stopped by campaign headquarters in Brooklyn this afternoon. Ran into a member of  in there h…
Why does Hillary love Snapchat? Watch and learn:
Tom Harkin on Hillary: She shares my values on social and economic justice.Learn more at  
Tom Harkin endorses Hillary because she will be a champion for Iowans. Learn more:  
Watch live:  
Devastated by horrific reports of ISIS sex slavery. People of all faiths must unite to condemn ; end these crimes.  -H
 What do fair ; predictable work schedules for parents have to do with their children’s well-being? Could be a lot: 
To strengthen American families, we need to prevent systemic drug abuse and support those seeking treatment. 
 Dear Ms. I hope you are the next president. - Grace, age 5  
Today is Social Security's 80th birthday. Congrats on reaching what some Republicans think should be the retirement age. -H
Last chance! Vote for your favorite design to become the new  bumper sticker:  
 If Jeb Bush's goal was to make clear that his foreign policy would be the same as Bush-Cheney's—mission accomplished. …
We should make voting easier—not harder. Why is voting important to you? Share your story:  
This was emailed to us with the subject line 'MESSAGE FROM THE TOP OF MT. DEMOCRAT': 
We need to make education affordable and available to every American. Find out how Hillary’s plan will help you: 
 Student debt shouldn't be a barrier to Higher Ed. college compact would help me (and you) get ahead 
Team meeting. 
 Something very dear to me that everyone deserves. Here's plan to make quality education happen 
 The Register’s editorial: Defunding Planned Parenthood limits women’s options 
QUIZ: How will Hillary's plan help you afford college and pay off student loans? Find out→  
Proud mom alert: Love what you wrote about   -H
My thoughts and prayers are with President Carter and his family. -H
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ (But in all seriousness:  
Courageous words from We need commonsense gun reform. 
The Affordable Care Act is working. That's why we're going to defend it.  
 With all the misinformation on Hillary's emails, it is clear this is a political exercise. in htt…
We can all do our part to make sure every young person has the opportunity to reach her or his full potential. 
Under Hillary's plan, millions could refinance their existing loans and relieve the crushing burden of debt: 
 😨😵😱 
How does your student loan debt make you feel?Tell us in 3 emojis or less.
  offers the boldest plan to extend  promise to America's next generation of students. 
 It's time to  for the 2.6 million women working after hours, but not getting paid: 
“We do have to speak out about it.” Watch Hillary say we need to stand up against cyberbullying:
 Chutzpah: Jeb blaming Obama for W's failure in Iraq. Must have forgotten it was Bush-Cheney who blew it there. Now he want…
 gear + an adorable pup = one amazing family photo. (via andyjameswhite on Instagram) 
What do you think should be the next  bumper sticker? Vote for your favorite:  
Republicans like Gov. Walker are making it harder to afford college ; pay off debt. Hillary says that’s wrong—watch:
Cast your vote for the next Hillary bumper sticker and then pre-order the winner! 
Cast your vote for the next Hillary bumper sticker and then pre-order the winner! 
 The bottom line? Republicans' ideas on higher education = rising tuition + rising student debt.
We need your help to pick the next official Hillary bumper sticker. Vote for your favorite now! 
We need your help to pick the next official Hillary bumper sticker. Vote for your favorite now! 
Orange, green, or blue? We can’t decide, so we’re asking you! Vote for your favorite now. 
Orange, green, or blue? We can’t decide, so we’re asking you! Vote for your favorite now. 
Orange, green, or blue? We can’t decide, so we’re asking you! Vote for your favorite now. 
“I want every young person in America to know that if you work hard, you can get ahead, and I want America to have your back."—Hillary in NH
 A heartbreaking number of hands went up when Clinton crowd was asked to raise hands if affected by substance abuse 
Access to higher education should be a right, not a privilege for those who can afford it.  
We need to rein in how much higher education costs . It’s time for a new college compact that makes education available to all. -H
 LIVE on  En exclusiva: habla con desde Claremont, New Hampshire. Más en 
Lo que dijo Trump sobre Megyn Kelly es indignante, pero el peor insulto son las políticas de los Republicanos que afectan a la mujer.
 "We love Hillary. Universal pre-k is important to us, especially since I'm a pre-school teacher." - Jenn, Claremont 
Let’s relieve the crushing burden of student debt. Learn more about Hillary’s plan:  
 I've got student debt and wants to help me (and all my friends) live with it- not under it. 
  are so 2013. 2016 is for snaps from Hillary. 
Agree that every student should be able to afford public university tuition without taking out a loan? Add your name: 
Add us on Snapchat! 👻 
 Fixed it for you. 
 Millions of Americans with student debt would benefit from Hillary's plan. Read it here: 
What Trump said about Megyn Kelly is outrageous—but what's really outrageous is Republicans' actual positions on issues that affect women.
This is about ensuring families can get ahead—; having the greatest workforce in the world. Win-win.  
Everyone needs to step up to make education more affordable. Hillary's plan:   
A5 Rising tuition leaves families with a painful choice: pass up on a degree,  or do whatever it takes—even go way into debt. 
 We agree with Increasing college quality and cutting costs must accompany reducing debt. 
Cost won't be a barrier to an education. Debt won't hold you back. Read Hillary's plan:  
Watch live: Hillary is laying out her plan to make college affordable ; relieve the crushing burden of student debt → 
 "Higher education should be a right, not a privilege for those who can afford it"  htt…
Let’s make college affordable, relieve the crushing burden of student debt, and help every family get ahead. Watch:
 is on Snapchat! Add us: 👻 
From Beijing to Brooklyn (with plenty of stops in between)—follow some of Hillary's memorable moments on 
Voting is “the very essence of the American dream.” Read  stories on  
A year after Ferguson, there is more we must all do to address systemic racism and ensure every American feels safe in their community. -H
Join Hillary's fight to build an America where we don't leave anyone out or anyone behind:  
Hillary's pinning her way across America! Follow her on the campaign trail:  
Rolling back rules for Wall Street won’t help families get ahead.
How to say “Go Hillary!” in Spanish. Cómo decir “Go Hillary!” en español. 
Read more  stories and share your own:  
4,000,000 followers. Wow! Thanks for joining us— wouldn’t be the same without you. 
Hillary's fighting for immigration reform that keeps families together. Read the Facebook Q;A:  
We need to make sure there’s accountability on Wall Street so there can be prosperity on Main Street.
 The Republicans' views on women last night inspired me--but not in a good way. My first Medium post: 
 10 candidates. 2 hours. Several elephants in the room.  
 There were goofs, squabbles, sexist insults—but one thing that surprised us? We actually agreed with something.
 I'm honored Nevada is hosting the first Democratic debate! Are you ready?  
America's strength lies in families ; communities. Sign up to support Hillary's plan for a fairness ; growth economy: 
"Everything is going to change now." Read more  stories on ; add your own:  
Missing Jon Stewart already.   -H
 if you're prouder than ever to be on Team Hillary. 
Watch the  Bet you feel like donating to a Democrat right about now.  
Shorter  No plans to help families, but plenty of attacks on Hillary. Help fight back! 
Hillary Clinton sabe que la economía favorece a aquellos con más recursos. La agenda Republicana solo empeoraría el problema.
 Yes, surprising lack of focus on middle class - only talking about affordable child care ; college!  
Did you watch the  Bet you feel like donating to a Democrat right about now.  
If GOP attacks on feel like an assault on women's health, it's because they are.  
No one should be discriminated against because of who they love. 
It's past time for politicians to respect women's right to make their own health decisions. 
Watched the  Bet you feel like joining a Democrat's campaign right about now.   
We should change how we think about business. 
  knows the economy is stacked for those at the top. The GOP agenda would make things even worse. 
Share this if you're proud to support a candidate who's fighting for everyday Americans. 
 16 million people have gained health care through the ACA. will fight for it.  
Access to health care should be a right—not a privilege for those who can afford it. 
Watching the  Bet you feel like joining a Democrat's campaign right about now.   
Watching the  Follow for fact checks and more. 
Fixing our immigration system will strengthen families, our economy, and our country.  
Hillary is proud to   if you are too. 
Follow for real-time fact checks on the  now. 
 is a preview of what we can expect under a GOP president. Don't let this become reality.  
 was a preview of what we can expect under a GOP president. Don't let this become reality. 
 is a preview of what we can expect under a GOP president. Don't let this become reality. 
Watching the  Bet you feel like joining a Democrat's campaign right about now.  
Watching the  Bet you feel like donating to a Democrat right about now. 
 Today, I ask every American to join me in supporting for President! 
Add your name to tell Jeb Bush he is absolutely, unequivocally wrong on women’s health.  
Add your name to tell Jeb Bush he is absolutely, unequivocally wrong on women’s health. 
 Throwback photos. Throwback ideas. Get ready for tonight's  debate by watching this video:
“Republicans are systematically...trying to stop millions of American citizens from voting. What part of democracy are they afraid of?”—HRC
If GOP attacks on Planned Parenthood feel like an assault on women's health, it's because they are. Fight back:  
If GOP attacks on Planned Parenthood feel like an assault on women's health, it's because they are. Fight back:  
If GOP attacks on Planned Parenthood feel like an assault on women's health, it's because they are. Fight back:  
If GOP attacks on Planned Parenthood feel like an assault on women's health, it's because they are. Fight back: 
If GOP attacks on Planned Parenthood feel like an assault on women's health, it's because they are. Fight back: 
Add your name if you agree with Hillary: We should make voting easier, not harder →  
 50 years ago today.  
 Want to hear talk about her commitment to making it easier for Americans to vote? Text VRA to 47246 - I did …
Watching the  tonight? Follow for fact checks and more.
On  we still have much more work to do to protect the right to vote.
On the 50th Anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, read  stories from Americans across the country: 
50 years after the Voting Rights Act, we can't let anyone undermine America's promise: Everyone's voice and vote count.  -H
Hemos tenido muchos abuelos en pero nunca hemos tenido una abuela. —Hillary en 
Good that the appellate court saw the Texas voter ID law for what it is—an assault on the right to vote. 
Watch Hillary Clinton tell the story of her mom, Dorothy.
"When I think about why I’m doing this, I think about my mother, Dorothy."
Tomorrow is the 50th Anniversary of the Voting Rights Act—what does the right to vote mean to you? Share your story with 
“I'm tired of women being shamed and blamed and dismissed…When you attack women's health, you attack America's health.”—Hillary yesterday
 You already had me w/House of Cards, Netflix. But this is EVEN BETTER: unlimited paid parental leave for Moms ; Dads! 
 Home care workers will share w/ tomorrow about joining for quality care. You can watch!  
 Jeb doesn't have a problem giving billions to the super wealthy—but apparently women's health just isn't a priority.h…
No parent should have to choose between getting a paycheck and caring for their baby. Well done, 
"We’ve had a lot of grandfathers in the White House, but we haven’t had a grandmother." —Hillary at 
The Voting Rights Act turns 50 this week. When did you cast your first ballot ; what did it mean to you? Share your story with 
To a dear friend, a great boss, and my second favorite president: Happy birthday -H 
 You are absolutely, unequivocally wrong. 
Join Hillary Clinton and stand with Planned Parenthood -- add your name now! 
Join Hillary Clinton and stand with Planned Parenthood -- add your name now! 
"If we want a competitive future for our kids, they have to be better prepared when they walk into kindergarten."—Hillary
You + a friend + Hillary + dinner! Enter now for a chance to have dinner with Hillary! 
You + a friend + Hillary + dinner! Enter now for a chance to have dinner with Hillary! 
Hillary's spent her entire life standing up for kids ; families. Watch one of our first TV ads of the 2016 campaign:
Vean los mejores momentos del discurso de Hillary sobre Cuba que pueden compartir por → 
 Watch talk about family, her tenure as Secretary of State ; more on this week's  
Hillary stands with Planned Parenthood. Add your name if you do, too:   
 (3/5) 78% of the patients Planned Parenthood sees each year live on incomes that are 150% of the federal poverty level or …
 (2/5) In 2013, Planned Parenthood provided 500k breast exams, 400k Pap tests, ; 4.5 million STI tests ; treatments (includ…
 (1/5) Want to know the truth about Planned Parenthood? Here are some facts.
2.7 million Americans turn to Planned Parenthood every year for health care. Proud to  
 Republican attacks on women's vital health services must stop.  
 is right—we can't wait for another generation to tackle climate change. Our future depends on what we do today ; in the next decade.
 From: To: Republicans trying to defund Planned Parenthood.  
Republicans are trying to cut millions off from health care. Hillary has a message for them. 
Their names are emblazoned on our hearts.
Decades of fighting for everyday Americans in just 1 board. Follow some of Hillary's memorable moments on 
Our first TV ad of the 2016 campaign: Watch Hillary tell the story of her mom, Dorothy.
Are you on Team Hillary? Chip in $1 to support this campaign, and get your official limited-edition supporter card: 
Three cheers for all the athletes who competed at the this week—your spirit and determination inspire us all! 

"We can't go on like this. We are better than this. Things must change." Hillary at
Become a card-carrying member of Team Hillary! Chip in $1 ; get your official supporter card:  
Fighting to dismantle voting rights, health care, and living wages? That doesn't sound like the right to rise.
"Lifting the embargo doesn't set back the advance of freedom. It advances freedom."—Hillary on Cuba 
Voting rights, equal pay, immigration reform, LGBT equality—see more of What We're Fighting For on Pinterest: 
Yesterday, Hillary spoke at on systemic racial inequality in America—and how we can help fix it: 
A photo we had to share: Alumnae Ultimate team (named for Hillary!) plays in extra-appropriate uniforms. 
Check out Hillary's ideas for a stronger, more prosperous relationship with Cuba and the Americas: 
 You've got it backwards: Engagement is a threat to the Castros, not a gift. Embargo hasn’t worked for 50+ years. -H
 Phasing out Medicare, repealing ACA, and building barriers to voting means only some people get the "right to rise."h…
On Sunday, Sara took over our account for  story inspired to share more  
"We can't go back to cowboy diplomacy and reckless war-mongering...We need a foreign policy for the future."—Hillary
"The United States needs to lead in the Americas. And if we don't, make no mistake—others will."
Closer ties across Latin America will help our economy at home, and strengthen our influence around the world. 
Republican candidates have it backwards on the Cuba embargo. 
"The Cuba embargo needs to go, once and for all."—Hillary in Miami
"I understand the skepticism...But you've been promised progress for 50 years. We can't wait any longer for a failed policy to bear fruit."
"We must decide between engagement and embargo—between embracing fresh thinking and returning to Cold War deadlock."—Hillary
En vivo desde Miami: Hillary pide el levantamiento del embargo a Cuba →  
We need to look to the future—not stay stuck in the past. Watch Hillary speak on Cuba:  
These names are emblazoned on our hearts. 
"The opportunity gap that America is facing is not just about economic inequality. It's about racial inequality."—Hillary at
"Race still plays a significant role in determining who gets ahead in America and who gets left behind." —Hillary today at
Watch live as Hillary speaks to in Fort Lauderdale, Florida:  
Proud to stand w/Planned Parenthood ; for access to quality, affordable healthcare for women, men ; young people. -H 
Medicare and Medicaid stories: Celebrating 50 years of lives saved.   
 With a Republican President, Medicare may not reach the age of 65. My statement: 
 For the 16 million American kids in poverty, Medicaid is a lifeline. Govs. Jindal, Perry ; Walker: it's time to expand …
 Climate change impacts our environment, health, ; economy in NH. We need to accept reality so we can work together ; fi…
 Climate change threatens our economic security ; the beautiful natural resources that NH is known for. It's time to 
Education, equality, and black coffee (sometimes). Read what Hillary's all about in  
Medicare and Medicaid have saved lives for half a century. An attack on them is an attack on seniors and vulnerable Americans. -H
Are you on Team Hillary? Chip in $1, and get your official limited-edition supporter card:  
 Hillz wants the top job at 1600Penn- an address she knows well. Get to know her in today's  
Don't miss the most important updates from Hillary ; the campaign. Confirm you're on the official  list: 
Rising fifth grader Emily had a big question for Hillary in New Hampshire:
 Renewable energy: we’re big fans. (Click here to learn more →   
No podemos negar el cambio climático.  
"If equal pay for equal work is playing the 'gender card,' then deal me in."—Hillary yesterday in NH
We must take action on climate change. 
As part of her plan to meet the climate challenge ; make the US a clean energy superpower, Hillary's setting 2 goals
She gets it.  
"I want little girls everywhere to grow up knowing they can do anything—even play football." Brava, Coach 
Fighting  is critical to protecting our environment, powering our economy ; safeguarding our country. 
  gets it exactly right on  Day — we deserve more 
 In Nashua, NH commits to continue to defend LGBTQ ; women's rights ; defend  
Follow along at  as chats with local activists on Hillary's clean energy goals: 
 HAPPENING NOW: watch  
The winds of change are blowing in. Grab the Green Tee to support Hillary's climate agenda:  
 The horror! The terror! The denial! Behold: the Mad (not a) Scientists.
Hillary just unveiled the first steps of her broad  agenda. Here is  
Hillary has a plan to take our renewable energy production to the next level. This is just step one: 
Join the fight against  while wearing the all-new Green Tee:  
Happening now in Des Moines: Hillary's discussing the first steps in her plan to address climate change. Watch live: 
"There has never been a better moment to reimagine how we power America." –  chair: 
There's nothing better than a good conversation over dinner. Join me? 
We don't hide from change. We harness it. Learn more about Hillary's environmental agenda:
 Proud is fighting for young people w/disabilities to get jobs they want ; deserve   
Stand with Hillary for a healthier climate:  
We have to do much more—and we have to do it now. Watch the video:
So as step one, I'm proposing goals to meet this challenge and power our economy forward. Learn more at  -H
You don't have to be a scientist to accept scientific evidence. Climate change is real and we must act. -H
 A moment of focus w/ Jake ; our video team as we make final edits to a big new release. Watch for it tonight. 
 So proud to have the support of story county Dems chair Jan Bauer!   
  History: athletes at the White House with and 12/17/98. 
Today, we handed our account to Sara to celebrate  and what it means for families. Read it on 
 Marlene is a twin; took care of her sister for yrs. She knows will fight4 the ppl who need help, too! 
Sara: Thanks for sharing your story with us on  Your work every day - as a mom, nurse, and advocate - is an inspiration to us all. -H
Thanks for listening. Follow along at as we celebrate  —Sara 
Today on the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, Adam, Dale ; I are thrilled to spend the day with Hillary. 
We know Hillary’s a fighter ; that she’ll fight for Adam as President just like she did at the Children’s Defense Fund ; in Congress.
Iowa's co-authored the ADA. We're proud to have been represented by such a strong champion for people with disabilities.
Later that night, she joined us to talk about the big questions that really need to be asked—for Adam, and for everyone fighting for a cure.
"What do we have here?" she asked. Adam's father came over, thanking Hillary for her commitment to epilepsy research with a hug.
I’ll never forget the first time Adam met Hillary. At a dinner in 2007, Adam broke away from us ; ran up to her.
Adam's teacher said, "We’ll make it happen—that's our job." The rest is history. He has loved, loved it.
She told me that he was a great runner! I just thought, "How would this happen?" I knew it should happen, but I also knew the challenges.
We’re grateful for supportive teachers. In junior high, his PE teacher called ; asked if Adam would go for cross country.
For Adam, that means enjoying cross country. At meets, other teams run him in ; congratulate him. It's neat to see! 
Through Adam, we informally raise awareness for people with disabilities every day: It's as simple as taking pride in the small things.
We’ll rely on organizations in our community, because Adam will need training, direction ; safety as an adult.
One thing that concerns us as Adam gets older is what happens after he finishes school.
The ADA ensures Adam ; Turbo are welcome everywhere. Turbo even joined us at Wrigley Field for a game! 
Adam’s service dog Turbo is a huge part of our lives. He goes everywhere with Adam, including school.
He’s always doing that. 
During the school year, Adam's a member of the cross country team. I never imagined he'd be a runner like me ; Dale, but he proved us wrong.
His father Dale ; I work, so Adam spends summer days at Yesterday we celebrated ADA Night at 
My son Adam has Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome, a form of epilepsy. The ADA helps him to live life to the fullest, each ; every day. 
I’m Sara—mom, nurse ; lifelong Iowan. I'm taking over today for the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Thrilled to hear HHS announced $100 million to help states address opioid abuse ; expand treatment. This is an epidemic we must end. -H
Dinner. With Hillary. Yes, that Hillary.Enter for your spot at the table: →  
Hillary met some (very) small business owners in Iowa today. 🍋 
 Nancy ; Phil are lifelong Iowan Democrats. Take a closer look and you'll find out who they met today. htt…
Hillary's fought for women and families her whole life—and she's not stopping any time soon. 
Here's a soup-er idea: Join the official  list. →  
How to say “Go Hillary!” in Spanish. Cómo decir “Go Hillary!” en español. 
We must hold Wall Street accountable. Read more from Hillary's Facebook Q;A:  
Equal pay, paid leave, child care—these are not "women's issues."
Businesses need to start focusing more on long-term growth than short-term profits. Hillary's ideas: 
Corporations' responsibility isn't just to their shareholders. 
Hillary wants to change how we think about business. 
  just said she's a fan of Here's why (hint—it's about more than burrito bowls): 
Quarterly capitalism—focusing only on short-term profits—is bad for wages, bad for business, and bad for our economy. 
Watch live: Hillary is sharing her plan to take on "quarterly capitalism" and boost long-term economic growth → 
 Reining in quarterly capitalism is good for business and workers. A preview of Hillary's new policy "tour de force": 
Preview: How quarterly capitalism is hurting our long-term economic growth—and what Hillary plans to do about it. 
"Both my workers and I were better off." Why this CEO thinks profit-sharing = higher incomes + more productivity: 
 "Phase out." "Eliminate." Turns out, Republicans have a plan for Medicare: 

Hillary stands up for Planned Parenthood—and women's rights. 
Hot Dogs + Grillary Clinton = A Happy  
Add your name if you agree: We need full equality for LGBT Americans. Pass the   
The Equality Act will mean full federal equality for LGBT Americans ; stronger anti-discrimination protections for everyone. Past time. -H
 Honored to hear stories ;inspirational solutions on substance abuse in Laconia, NH Will be sharing w 
 Watch live: speaks with mayors and local officials in Columbia, SC  
Last week, Hillary laid out her plan for an economy that works for everyone. Read her speech:  
During Hillary's Facebook Q;A, we found out who's really playing the  
 I got my new shirt and I am loving it!!    htt…
Black lives matter. Read more from Hillary's Facebook Q;A:  
 From why we need to shift the culture of quarterly capitalism ; focus on sharing profits w/ workers. 
"I lived through it, and there are photographs. And we're not going back to that." 
 -I plan on bringing pictures of my children and grandchildren if I win!  
One year ago was arrested in Iran. Let’s continue the fight to bring home Jason ; others missing ; detained in Iran.  -H
Dinner. With Hillary. Yes, that Hillary. Enter for your spot at the table:  
We need to make sure there’s accountability on Wall Street so there can be prosperity on Main Street.
Hillary doesn't want to go back to the Wild West of Wall Street. Add your name if you agree:  
  Thank you so much, the support is humbling.      
We need to protect reforms we've made to rein in excessive risk on Wall Street, like Dodd-Frank—and go further. 
Congrats, woman head coach in the NBA Summer League, and the first woman to win it. (Coincidence?) 
If Hillary is playing the so-called  what cards are Republicans holding?
If fighting for policies that help families get ahead is playing the  then, proud to play it. 
Think women should be paid equally? You might be playing the 
If you think you shouldn't have to choose between taking care of your family and getting a paycheck, you might be playing the 
Sen. McConnell thinks unlocking the potential of half the population is playing the  We think it's an economic no-brainer.
Dodd-Frank was enacted 5 years ago today ; has been under GOP attack ever since. As president I'll defend Wall Street reform ; go beyond. -H
How much do you know about Hillary's plan to raise incomes for everyday Americans? Text "ECON101" to take the quiz! 📱 
If Sen. McConnell thinks fighting for women and families is playing the "gender card"—okay. Here's our  
Gov. Walker signed dangerous abortion restrictions into law in WI - without exceptions for rape or incest. Extreme and unacceptable. -H
 You're very welcome, Hope today, and the cake, are both wonderful!
  
 A tip for Mitch McConnell: Don't try to throw down with about "the gender card." 
...and that's why you don't try to pick a fight on women's economic security with Hillary Clinton. 
 H-R-C for the Primary! One of our favorites from Hillary's trip to Dover last week.  
"I am running for everyone who's ever been knocked down but refused to be knocked out."—Hillary 
Today marks the 167th anniversary of the Seneca Falls Convention—a milestone for women's equality. 
The journey toward women's equality began 167 years ago in Seneca Falls, NY. Today, we must write its future. 
167 years ago: The Seneca Falls Convention paved the way for women's equality. It's up to us to make it a reality for all. -H
167 years ago, pioneers in Seneca Falls began the fight for women's equality. Add your name:  
 Three experts weigh in: "Profit sharing...needs more powerful advocates from business ; politics, like Mrs. Clinton." 
Hillary's economic vision would give small business owners opportunities to build, grow ; hire→ 
"A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination." -Nelson Mandela  
  when minimum wage allows them to provide for their families. In 2014, 14 states ; DC took action to raise…
Officially the coolest way to support Hillary. Get yours:  
An Iowa tradition: Hillary is speaking to at their annual Hall of Fame Dinner. Watch live now: 
All smiles. 
My best wishes to those celebrating the end of the holy month of Ramadan. Eid Mubarak. -H
 Team Iowa—it all starts here!  
Thanks for the support, Munir! 
Profit sharing is just common sense. See Hillary's plan:  
Yesterday, Hillary outlined a plan to encourage businesses to share profits with employees:  
Today in NH, Hillary called on companies to share profits with workers—giving all employees a stake in success. 
 Thank you Dover for hosting our first Town Hall!  
Building the economy of tomorrow means supporting entrepreneurs today. See Hillary's plan here  
 WATCH LIVE: Hillary at the Dover City Hall for our first Town Hall: 
Want to have dinner? Sign up today for you and a friend to meet me for a meal. 
There's nothing better than a good conversation over dinner. Join me? 
This is your campaign -- you should have a seat at the table. Join me for dinner?  
 is just getting started—and thanks to supporters nationwide, it's off to a strong start. Couldn't be prouder. Thank you.
🌈 40,000 stickers celebrating equality👕 32,961 pieces of  swag with new owners🌟 3 Grammy winners 
Some great numbers: 
In 50 states, 11,869 volunteers are building a powerful grassroots organization—plus one quilt. 
In the first 94 days of  more than 250,000 donors—including 113 Hillarys!—gave more than $46 million. 
Tonight, the  campaign filed its first official fundraising report with the FEC. Here are some of our favorite parts:
 Volunteers are the heart of this campaign. To everyone who's attended a phone bank or made a call: Thank you! -H
No one should have to choose between keeping a paycheck and caring for a loved one.  
 Huge: Thanks to Filipino-American WWII vets will be able to reunite with their families after yrs of waiting. 
Bottom line: When women get ahead, America gets ahead. 
Why is Hillary fighting for comprehensive immigration reform? For people like Betsaida and Rafael:
Hillary in New York yesterday: 
We have new challenges; we need new solutions.  
  speech from auditorium addressed the economy, wages ; growth  
 The numbers behind vision to raise incomes for hard-working Americans:  
 traveled 3 billion miles in nine years to forge a new frontier. Let's always keep exploring. 
Read Hillary's ideas for the economy in her own words:  
Hillary tells Donald Trump: Enough.
"Para el Señor Trump, solo tengo una palabra." 
“Arreglar el sistema migratorio es un imperativo económico. También es un imperativo familiar y moral.”
“He dicho que quiero ser la Presidenta que representa las pequeñas empresas, y lo digo con convicción.”
"The defining economic challenge of our time is clear: We must raise wages for hard-working Americans."
Hillary hablará acerca de cómo podemos ayudar a las familias salir adelante. Vean el discurso en  en vivo: 
 7 Feminist Aspects Of Hillary Clinton's Economic Plan That Would Change Everything For Women In America 
Hillary stands up for workers against GOP attacks: "They don’t need a lecture — they need a raise."
Let’s break the highest glass ceiling. Sign up to join Hillary Clinton’s official campaign. 
Let’s break the highest glass ceiling. Sign up to join Hillary Clinton’s official campaign. 
Let’s break the highest glass ceiling. Sign up to join Hillary Clinton’s official campaign. 
Share this → Hillary's vision to raise incomes for hardworking Americans—in one infographic:  
Let’s break the highest glass ceiling. Sign up to join Hillary Clinton’s official campaign. 
Let’s break the highest glass ceiling. Sign up to join Hillary Clinton’s official campaign. 
Let’s break the highest glass ceiling. Sign up to join Hillary Clinton’s official campaign. 
 Boosting middle-class wages is the greatest economic challenge of our time. Hillary's vision:  h…
Let's build an economy that works for everyone. Join Hillary:  
"I’m running for President to build an America for tomorrow, not yesterday—where if you do your part, you will reap the rewards."—Hillary
"Above all, we have to break out of the poisonous partisan gridlock and focus on the long-term needs of our country."
"Let's get back to making decisions that rely on evidence more than ideology."
"I will appoint and empower regulators who understand that Too Big To Fail is still too big a problem."
"I will offer plans to rein in excessive risk on Wall Street and ensure that stock markets work for everyday investors."
"Too often it has seemed that the human beings responsible get off with limited consequences...This is wrong—; on my watch, it will change."
Hillary on misconduct in the financial industry: "There can be no justification or tolerance for this kind of criminal behavior."
"Workers are assets. Investing in them pays off. Higher wages pay off. And training pays off."
"Too many pressures in our economy today are pushing us toward short-termism." 
"The third key driver of income gains alongside strong growth and fair growth must be long-term growth." 
"When all Americans have the chance to study hard, work hard, and share in our country’s prosperity—that’s fair growth."
"To create fair growth, we need to create opportunity for more Americans." 
"If we want to get serious about raising incomes, we have to get serious about supporting union workers."
"I will propose ways to encourage companies to share profits with their employees. That's good for workers, and good for businesses."
"To get all incomes rising again, we need to strike a better balance. If you work hard, you ought to be paid fairly."
"Let him tell that to the fast food workers marching in the streets for better pay.They don’t need a lecture—they need a raise."
"You may have heard Gov. Bush say last week that Americans just need to work longer hours. He must not have met very many American workers."
"The evidence is in: Inequality is a drag on our entire economy. This is the problem we need to tackle." 
"As President, I’ll fight to put families first—just like I have my entire career."
"For far too long, these challenges have been dismissed by some as 'women’s issues.' Well, those days are over."
"It’s way past time to end the outrage of so many women still earning less than men on the job—and women of color making even less."
"It’s time to recognize that quality, affordable child care is not a luxury—it’s a growth strategy."
"When we leave people out, or write them off, we not only shortchange them—we shortchange our country and shortchange our future."
"We can’t afford to leave talent on the sidelines." 
Another key to strong growth that often goes overlooked ; undervalued: Breaking down barriers to joining the workforce—especially for women.
"There’s no excuse not to make greater investments in cleaner, renewable energy right now."
"Bringing millions of hard-working people into the formal economy would increase our GDP by an estimated $700 billion over 10 years."
"I know it’s not always how we think about this, but another engine of strong growth should be comprehensive immigration reform."
"More growth means more jobs and more new businesses." 
"Today I am proposing an agenda to raise incomes for hard-working Americans. An agenda for strong growth, fair growth, ; long-term growth."
"I want to see our economy work for the struggling, the striving, and the successful." 
"The measure of our success must be how much incomes rise for hard-working families—not just for successful CEOs and money managers."
"As President, I will work with every possible partner to turn the tide—to make these currents of change start working for us."
"[Changes in our economy] don’t determine our destiny. The choices we make as a nation matter."
"The defining economic challenge of our time is clear: We must raise incomes for hard-working Americans." 
Wages need to rise to keep up with costs. Paychecks need to grow. Families who work hard ; do their part deserve to get ahead ; stay ahead.
"I believe we have to build a 'growth and fairness' economy. You can’t have one without the other."
We can’t go back to the old policies that failed us before. 
"For 35 years, Republicans have argued that if we give more wealth to those at the top...it will trickle down to everyone else."
"That bargain has eroded. Our job is to make it strong again." 
"If you work hard and do your part, you should be able to get ahead. And when you get ahead, America gets ahead."
"I’ve had the opportunity to listen to Americans’ concerns about an economy that still isn’t delivering for them the way it should."—Hillary
HAPPENING NOW: Hillary has a vision for an economy in which working families get ahead and stay ahead. Watch live: 
Get a preview of Hillary's vision for the economy before her speech at 10:00 ET:  
Retweet if you agree with Hillary: We need to do more to make sure women and families can get ahead. 
 I think we might be supporters. Repping our girl on the Brick Kiln II   ☀️🇺🇸☀️🇺🇸 
 One goal: rising incomes for working families. Tomorrow will lay out how we get there.
Hillary has spent her career fighting for families:  
 On values, strength and personal support, our members overwhelmingly supported endorsing  
Thanks for your support, Your work builds healthy families, thriving communities, ; makes our country stronger. -H
A preview of Hillary's economic plan in seven charts:  via 
With great pantsuits comes great responsibility: a transformation inspired by Comic Con.  
 proves yet again: anything is possible when you work hard, dream big, and never stop reaching. 
Between July 4th festivities, Hillary said hello to a fellow grandma and her granddaughter in New Hampshire.
Hillary has a birthday 🎁 for you—a custom card. Sign up now: 
Love it.   
 So many great photos from well deserved parade in  today:  
 "It's just a new beginning." Hear from South Carolinians about how much today means.  
Champions. Welcome to NYC 
We’re flying one lucky supporter (and a friend) to have dinner with Hillary on the campaign trail. Enter now! 
We’re flying one lucky supporter (and a friend) to have dinner with Hillary on the campaign trail. Enter now! 
You + a friend + Hillary + dinner! Enter now for a chance to have dinner with Hillary! 
You + a friend + Hillary + dinner! Enter now for a chance to have dinner with Hillary! 
Thanks to America the beautiful will stay beautiful. Introducing the three newest national monuments: 
 American workers deserve more than an admonition—they deserve policies and a plan. Don't miss on Monday.
 Americans are doing their part. They're working hard. We need to make sure they see the value of that work reflected in th…
 Jeb Bush's plan for Americans: Work harder. Pay them more.
The boys are right. We need everyone's help to get the planet moving in the right direction.  
Donald Trump no es el único que tiene ideas retrogradas acerca de la inmigración. 
Nope—it's not just Donald Trump who has backwards ideas about immigration. 

Tales from the trail—pin your way from New Hampshire to Nevada and everywhere in between.  
No American should have to live under the shadow of racism. A proud day in South Carolina. -H
Anyone who believes Americans aren't working hard enough hasn't met enough American workers. 
"I will not quit on you. I will fight for you. I will be there for you every single day."—Hillary (via 
 "There are DREAMers out there like me waiting for Hugo, on immigration reform. 
Sharing campaign advice with an aspiring future president in Gorham, New Hampshire:
Kayakers for Hillary.  
"A woman should have her own bill."—Hillary 
"Se trata de proveer una oportunidad justa para Puerto Rico." La declaración de Hillary sobre la economía de PR 
Hillary never forgets a birthday. Sign up to get a message on yours:  
 "I will go anywhere anytime to meet with anybody to find common ground.” – in Iowa City 
 if you're on Team   
Today in Iowa City, Hillary shares her plan to help families get ahead and stay ahead. Watch live: 
 "Giving every single person the belief they count. That's what it should be about." –  WATCH ; 
Big (and small) support for Hillary in New Hampshire. 
 "I know that Hillary will fight for me" -Annie, small business owner, Sight and Sound  
Sun-inspired styles (because life's better with no ceilings):  
A beautiful show of support for Hillary in New Hampshire:  via 
Hillary and 3-year-old Louisa in Hanover, NH this weekend. 
Still celebrating? Enjoy the ultimate playlist for champions—inspired by Team   
From the soccer field to the White House—girls can do anything. 
Here's to fearless women chasing their goals. Congratulations, Team  —H
Think and the team have this covered.   
Be a part of THIS team:  
GOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! ⚽️  
To: Hillary
Pinning the stories of women who lift us up and lead us forward:  
Game time: Hit ▶️ on the  championship playlist. Go Team   
Towel, cape—make it what you want.  
Consulting with an important advisor at the Fourth of July parade in Gorham, NH. 
 Thank you to all of the volunteers and supporters at the Gorham  Parade with  
Happy Fourth of July. Celebrating this country we love—and 239 years of progress, expanded opportunity, and broken barriers. More to do. -H
Happy Fourth of July! 
Dream big. 
A great start to the weekend at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire. 
  became a citizen and registered to vote for the first time this morning for 
Ready for the long weekend? Show us your style by tagging your photos  (via chanceyloulou on Instagram) 

 TODAY: Hillary's on her way to New Hampshire! Follow along using 
Dinner. With Hillary. Yes, that Hillary. Enter for your spot at the table. →  
Now pinning savvy supporters' DIY creations:  
 It all starts here.  
Song of the week, brought to you by 93-year-old Jerry R. in California.  
What this campaign is about: Building a future where every American has the opportunity to get ahead and stay ahead. 
51 years later, the Civil Rights Act remains one of our country's greatest triumphs—and an enduring call to keep fighting for equality. -H
From Park Ridge to Roosevelt Island and beyond, follow all of Hillary's Memorable Moments on 
Here's your must-read of the day:  
Grandmother knows best. Pins from Hillary's favorite new job:  
 "I had ear, and when I spoke, she made me feel like I was the only person in the room."  
Grandmothers' Club unite! Thank you! 
 "No child, no adult should go without quality, affordable health care." - Hillary Clinton. WATCH ; 
(3/3) Just one thing left to say to everyone who has pitched in to support this campaign: Thank you. -H 
(2/3) Here's a number we're especially proud of. -H 
(1/3) Still running the numbers—but here's what we know: In the first quarter of this campaign, supporters gave more than $45 million. -H
New US Embassy in Havana helps us engage Cuban people ; build on efforts to support positive change. Good step for US ; Cuban people. -H
If you've been thinking about donating, now's the time Hillary needs you most! Chip in before midnight local time: 
Last chance! We’re closing the books on this quarter at midnight. Get us over the finish line by chipping in $5: 
To win this, we need to start strong—that's why early donations are so critical. Chip in: 
The hippest way to spend ten bucks: being one of the first to support   
Puerto Rico's debt crisis is not theirs alone. For PR's economy to grow ; their people to thrive, they need real tools ; real support. -H
The ability to organize ; bargain collectively is a fundamental American right. Proud to stand with unions ; working families.  -H
Reauthorizing means supporting America's small businesses. Time for Congress to put politics aside ; act. 
The positive: This magnet is yours for $10. The negative: Just a few hours left to get one. →  
 A veteran's spouse found someone willing to listen: Hillary Clinton. Read Kelly's letter:  
Just pinned to our "Women Who Inspire" board: the newest principal ballerina at Congrats, 
 A chef's promise: you won't find a better spatula than the Grillary Clinton.  
  superstar put the finishing touches on her mural last night. 
Inscríbete para ganar una cena con Hillary. →  
President Obama is right to update overtime rules for the modern workforce—a win for our economy and workers nationwide. -H
Introducing: Pinspiration from Hillary! Follow for granddaughter gift ideas and more:  
Cheers! Grab yours:  
Midnight deadline! Put your name on the list of supporters who were with HRC from the start:  
We have 27 hours to hit our first fundraising goal: 50,000 donors before midnight tomorrow. Can you chip in $5? 
Step 1: Pitch in $10 before the first fundraising deadlineStep 2: Get a  magnet!  
 Mi abuela me enseñó la importancia del respeto. Me alegro que y terminaron sus enlances comerc…
Hillary needs you. Help the campaign end its first quarter strong by meeting our goal before the deadline: 
Just one of the millions of reasons why Hillary's fighting for affordable health care: Meghan R. from New Hampshire.
Fun in the sun— style. Shop the all-new summer collection:  
Team  out in full force at  a few familiar faces. 
Celebrate history with a free sticker! Just tell us where to send it:   
 Proud to be a part of team   
Chip in now, and you can always say you were one of the very first donors of the  campaign: 
Paws up. Get the look:  
  with ;  
Hillary lamenta la declaración de un candidato a la presidencia del Partido Republicano sobre los inmigrantes. 
 if you agree with Hillary: It's time to stop the partisan attacks on health care.  
Have a great weekend. (And don't forget to grab your commemorative buttons:   
Seven years ago today: unity in Unity, NH. 
Hillary needs you. Help the campaign end its first quarter strong by meeting our goal before the deadline: 
You'll want to read this: Hillary's remarks at the Jefferson Jackson Dinner →  
"Our country at its best." Read Hillary's statement on yesterday's historic win for marriage equality, on 
 Breakfast of champions for  Pretend this is an effective Hillary "H" 
Best Pride month ever. Celebrate with the Hillary Pride collection:   
A proud day. 
Don't miss this: Hillary speaks at the Jefferson-Jackson Dinner. Watch live: 
To: Everyone celebratingFrom: Hillary for America staff
 Never too young to show support for  or   
  Babies for Hillary! 
H is for history in the making. Get your free celebratory bumper sticker here →  
Planning a wedding? We've got the perfect party favors:  
A day to remember.  
Our hearts are full for Dave, Dan, and Jaylah, and loving families in all 50 states. 
Love won. Join Hillary’s campaign and celebrate marriage equality. 
H is for history in the making. Get your celebratory bumper sticker! 
Join Hillary and celebrate equality in all 50 states – all love is equal. 
Join Hillary and celebrate equality in all 50 states – all love is equal. 
Love won. Join Hillary’s campaign and celebrate marriage equality. 
Love won. Join Hillary’s campaign and celebrate marriage equality. 
Our new favorite map.  if you live in a state where marriage equality is law. 
Proud. 
Proud to celebrate a historic victory for marriage equality—; the courage ; determination of LGBT Americans who made it possible. -H
Put your name next to Hillary's if you agree:  
Before midnight: Enter to win a dinner with Hillary ; it will be counted twice. Don't wait! →  
Latest GOP attack on EPA is dangerous ; shortsighted. Protecting the environment is good for communities, families, ; our economy. -H
 
 "It's time for full marriage equality." The latest post from 
Stand with Hillary if you're with her in the fight for affordable health care:  
"Now is our chance to beat the odds and give the American people the health security they need."–Hillary in 1993 
"I’m waiting and hoping." Read Hillary's letter in support of equality, then add your name:  
"You have to get up off the floor—and you keep fighting." Hillary on the fight for health care back in 1993: 
Everyone deserves to live free from discrimination. Glad the Supreme Court did the right thing to  -H
A great day! Add your name if you agree: Affordable health care is a basic human right →  
Yes! SCOTUS affirms what we know is true in our hearts ; under the law: Health insurance should be affordable ; available to all. -H
Dinner. With Hillary. Yes, that Hillary. Enter for your spot at the table: →  
If you won a dinner with Hillary, what would you ask her? Sign up now and you could win! 
If you won a dinner with Hillary, what would you ask her? Sign up now and you could win! 
Happy campers. 
We’re flying one lucky supporter (and a friend) to have dinner with Hillary on the campaign trail. Enter now! 
We’re flying one lucky supporter (and a friend) to have dinner with Hillary on the campaign trail. Enter now! 
You + a friend + Hillary + dinner! Enter now for a chance to sit down for dinner with Hillary! 
You + a friend + Hillary + dinner! Enter now for a chance to sit down for dinner with Hillary! 
 if you agree with Hillary: Every American deserves quality, affordable health care. 
 We quilt for democracy, we quilt for and we quilt for each other.  
"Some have suggested that gay rights and human rights are separate and distinct—in fact, they are one and the same."
Is hanging out with Hillary on your bucket list? Enter to dine with the woman herself! →  
All love is equal. It's time for marriage equality. 
"We can’t hide from hard truths about race and justice."—Hillary 
Hillary in Florissant, Missouri today: 
Join Hillary’s official campaign ; show your support for full equality for all Americans!  
Join Hillary’s official campaign ; show your support for full equality for all Americans! 
Join Team Hillary if you agree that all couples and families deserve to be recognized and treated equally. 
Join Team Hillary if you agree that all couples and families deserve to be recognized and treated equally. 
Add your name to Hillary’s call for full equality for all Americans. 
Add your name to Hillary’s call for full equality for all Americans. 
Say you’re with Hillary – add your name to her call for full equality for all LGBT couples and families! 
Say you’re with Hillary – add your name to her call for full equality for all LGBT couples and families! 

Live now: Hillary is with community leaders in Florissant, MO for a conversation on race and strengthening families. 
Join Hillary and show your support for full marriage equality now!  
Join Hillary and show your support for full marriage equality now!  
Seams like fun.  
Join Hillary’s official campaign if you believe all families deserve to be recognized and treated equally. 
Join Hillary’s official campaign if you believe all families deserve to be recognized and treated equally. 
Join Hillary and show your support for full marriage equality now! 
Join Hillary and show your support for full marriage equality now! 
Join Hillary’s official campaign ; show your support for full equality for all Americans!  
Join Hillary’s official campaign ; show your support for full equality for all Americans!  
Add your name to Hillary’s call for full equality for all Americans. 
Add your name to Hillary’s call for full equality for all Americans. 
 is right 2 call for removal of a symbol of hate in SC. As I’ve said for years, taking down Confederate flag is long overdue. –H
Say you’re with Hillary – add your name to her call for full equality for all LGBT couples and families! 
Say you’re with Hillary – add your name to her call for full equality for all LGBT couples and families! 
Couldn't make it to NYC for Hillary's official campaign launch? This video is the next best thing.
A great cap and a bright future! Congratulations! 
New friends make for the best dinner parties. Enter for a chance to have a meal with Hillary:  
"Despite our best efforts and our highest hopes, America’s long struggle with race is far from finished."—Hillary 
A little encouragement from dad can go a long way. From Natalie in Florida: 
A world with no ceilings: sponsored in part by dads everywhere.
Hillary's supporters have supporters of their own. Here's some of the best fatherly advice you've passed along. 
Happy Father's Day, Doesn't this feel like yesterday? -H 
Happy Father's Day. 
"Race remains a deep fault line in America."  
Read Hillary's remarks on the need to confront systemic racism in America ; move forward together: 

Watch live: Hillary on the Charleston massacre and confronting the unacceptable realities of racism in America. 
 Alexis just registered to vote! She ready to "crack every last glass ceiling" w her mom,grandmother; h…
What's better than a pantsuit tee? A pantsuit tee signed by Hillary. Your chance to win →  
Change can come—sometimes, even in the form of a $10 bill.  
 is right—climate change is a moral crisis that disproportionately harms the neediest among us. We need leadership, not denial. -H
Welcome news: The Iowa Supreme Court has ruled to protect women's ability to access safe ; legal abortion throughout the state. -H
  training our Manchester volunteer team! Signing up supporters for 
150 years ago today, freedom triumphed over injustice. This Juneteenth, we recognize how far we've come ; how far we have to go. -H
"No vet should have to wait in line for weeks or months to get the care you earned with your service."—Hillary in NV 
What's the most important lesson a dad in your life taught you? 
 While we have made progress its important to remain committed to the elimination of injustices ; work towards full equalit…
 Up late working and this is the perfect accompaniment. Thank you mom! 
Last weekend, Hillary laid out her plans for America. Here's what you had to say on  
Wishing a blessed Ramadan to all those who have embarked on the month of fasting.

Heartbreaking news from Charleston - my thoughts and prayers are with you all. -H
 Thanks for your continued commitment to organizing women activists!  
 Today unveils a plan to promote youth employment ; build a brighter future for our economy. 
Be the first to know about events and rallies near you. Sign up now! 
Be the first to know about events and rallies near you. Sign up now!  
Hillary just called for a $1,500 tax credit to encourage businesses to invest in workers' skills: 
 Hillary: "Today, I’m calling for a new $1,500 tax credit that creates incentives for more businesses to invest in apprent…
 "I want to be a president for both the successful and the struggling, and right now the struggling need more help." -Hill…
 Happening now: Hillary's discussing how job training and apprenticeships can help Americans get ahead. 
Your first job can have a big impact on your life. Read about Hillary's plan to create jobs and invest in workers: 
 Glenn was 2nd in line to hear  "She fights for the middle class. She's going to champion a lot for us." 
Here's how Hillary's fighting to make the economy work for all Americans—not just those at the top: 
 Hillary's here to talk about the power of good training. What's one thing you learned at your first job?  htt…
Step 1: Plug in headphones.Step 2: Press play.  
 Baby niece watching launch speech. She's in!  
Be the first to know about events and rallies near you. Sign up now! 
Be the first to know about events and rallies near you. Sign up now! 
"I want to wage and win Four Fights for you." Read about the policies behind Hillary's vision:  
If you have to miss school, make sure you have a note. 
Hillary told her story and shared her vision for the future—now, add your notes using 
New York, NY → Sioux City, Des Moines, and Burlington, Iowa:  
Hillary in New Hampshire: 
 A proud day I'll never forget. Go  
Accessories are everything. (via on Instagram) 
 Manchester fellows are READY for  JOIN the team:  
Thanks to DREAMers' courage ; resolve,  has allowed thousands of young people to contribute to our society. We're better for it. -H
Today in NH, Hillary:✔️ proposed universal pre-K✔️ proposed 2x investment in Early Head Start✔️ joined story time 
 WATCH: live from Concord!  
 Sign ink may be running, but these supporters aren't going anywhere    
"How many of you have ever seen a butterfly?"—questions raised by The Very Hungry Caterpillar in Rochester, NH. 
"Early childhood education is so important—I want more for my daughter than I had." —Ellen and Katie in Rochester, NH 
"Everything we need to do in our country really starts with how we treat our children." -Hillary in NH. Watch live: 
 Let's go, Rochester!  
 Full house here at for today's event with  
If you like tweets from Hillary, you're gonna love her texts. Text "2016" to 47246 to get texts from  
What a weekend.   
 Thank you for an amazing Launch Party at the fairgrounds, Iowa!  
What was your favorite part of Hillary's official launch speech? Annotate it using  
 "I'm here today because it's important for my daughter to be a part of history." –Kami, Des Moines 
Can't be in Des Moines to see Hillary at the Iowa launch party? Watch it live here:  
 "I love her message. From fairness to equality and justice, she's speaking to my values as a voter."  
Spotted in Iowa: Talia (and Talia's grandma) think it's about time for "the first girl president." 
Packed house waiting to hear Hillary at the Iowa launch party in Des Moines.  
Hillary to 650+ house parties nationwide: "It's about you, about us, about all the people who deserve a champion." 
Miss Hillary's speech yesterday? Dive into it here with infographics, stories, ; more:  
 Incredible night of  across Iowa. Thanks to all who came! 
Say you’re with Hillary – sign up now! 
Say you’re with Hillary – sign up now! 
Join Hillary if you also believe that climate change is real! 
If you also believe that women’s rights are human rights, sign up to join Hillary’s campaign. 
If you also believe that women’s rights are human rights, sign up to join Hillary’s campaign. 
Join Hillary if you also believe that climate change is real! 
Say you’re with Hillary – sign up now! 
Say you’re with Hillary – sign up now! 
Hillary's first Periscope! Hillary says hi earlier today with Michelle Kwan, reporting from Roosevelt Island: 
What Hillary's listening to en route to Iowa: The official  playlist on  
¡Inscríbete para recibir textos de Hillary y su campaña! Mande "IR" a 47246.  
Today, Hillary laid out her vision—and she's ready to fight for it. First stop: Iowa.  
I’m running for president to make our economy work for you and for every American. It's your time. Let's do this together. —H
"Hillary laid out some important policy positions, and I was particularly happy to hear her talk about reproductive rights.” —Alex
 You know the future President is cool when she doesn't even break a sweat in a pantsuit ; the rest of us in crowd are boi…
Hillary's speech from today was a little longer than 140 characters, but you can find the whole thing here: 
"Really loved that she brought clean energy and climate change into her speech today.” —Louisa 
“It was specifically good to hear Hillary acknowledge income inequality.” —Dino 
 Today isn’t Hillary’s only launch—join us tomorrow as she launches her Iowa campaign! Details here: 
"Hillary's strong values and her drive—I see where she got it.” —Gretchen 
Join Hillary’s official campaign and be the first to know about events and rallies near you! 
Join Hillary’s official campaign and be the first to know about events and rallies near you! 
Join Hillary’s official campaign and be the first to know about events and rallies near you! 
 OMG the campaign launch is on snapchat live! 
Sign up to join Hillary’s official campaign and get involved! 
 Defensa d las clases medias y minorías en su estreno de campaña.La prosperidad no es solo para los ricos  
Be the first to know about events and rallies near you. Sign up now!  
 wasted no time getting back to work after her speech. we've got a president to elect..!   
Sign up to join Hillary’s official campaign and get involved!  
Be the first to know about events and rallies near you. Sign up now!  
 My first Text from Hillary! Excited to see how the campaign will use this technology.  
"Madam President! Madam President! Madam President!" 
 if you're on Team  
Sign up to join Hillary’s official campaign and get involved! 
Be the first to know about events and rallies near you. Sign up now! 
Hillary is ready to fight for every single one of us. Sign on if you're with her:   
Advice for kids: Dress for the job you want.  
Let's build this together. 
"She was born on June 4, 1919—before women in America had the right to vote. But on that very day..." 
A lesson from Hillary's mom: "Life's not about what happens to you. It's about what you do with what happens to you—so get back out there."

Advantage, Hillary. 
 Happening right this second: official campaign launch, live from New York. Don't miss it: 
Texts from Hillary start today. Text "2016" to 47246 to get texts from the campaign.  
"I want you to join me in this effort. Help me build this campaign and make it your own."
How could Hillary and President Obama work together after a tough campaign? Simple. 
Hillary will fight to make it easier to vote—not harder. 
 I'm a proud member of Team  And you should be, too. Let's do this!  
"To be strong in the world, we first have to be strong at home … The fourth fight: reforming our government and revitalizing our democracy."
Our third fight: "to harness all of America's power, smarts, and values to maintain our leadership for peace, security, and prosperity."
 if you agree. 

"In America, every family should feel like they belong." 
There's no better word for this than the one Hillary just used: "Outrage." 
No one should have to choose between keeping a paycheck and caring for a loved one. 
This is wrong. 
"The second fight is to strengthen America's families, because when our families are strong, America is strong."
"Let's make college affordable and available to all...and lift the crushing burden of student debt."
"I will propose that we make preschool and quality childcare available to every child in America."
"Building an economy for tomorrow also requires investing in our most important asset: our people—beginning with our youngest."
"Investing in clean energy will:✔️ Create millions of jobs✔️ Let us lead the global fight against climate change" 
When small businesses are strong, our economy is strong. 
Hillary wants to be the small-business president. Here's what that means: 
Hillary's first fight: "make the economy work for everyday Americans, not just those at the top."
"I want to wage and win Four Fights for you." Click to learn more. 
Why is Hillary running for president? To be a champion for people like Bethany: 
"My mother taught me that everybody needs a chance and a champion. She knew what it was like not to have either one." 

My values and a lifetime of experiences have given me a different vision for America.
"They turn their backs on gay people who love each other." 
"They want to put immigrants who work hard and pay taxes at risk of deportation." 
"They shame and blame women rather than respect our right to make our own reproductive health decisions." 
If the candidates who deny climate change aren't scientists, why don't they start listening to those who are? 
"There may be some new voices in the Republican presidential choir, but they're all singing the same old song. A song called 'Yesterday.'"
We can't harness change and solve problems if we go back to the top-down economic policies that failed us before. 

It's your time. 
What's wrong with this picture? 
"You figured out how to make it work. And now people are beginning to think about the future again." 
"We’re still working our way back from a crisis that happened because time-tested values were replaced by false promises."
"If you do your part you ought to be able to get ahead—and when everybody does their part, America gets ahead too." 
President Roosevelt said "there's no mystery about what it takes to build a strong and prosperous America": 
HAPPENING NOW: Hillary's on stage to kick off her campaign. Watch →  
 Grooming our next generation of women organizers early! Welcome Grace!  
Beautiful day for a campaign launch: 
Live now: broadcasting on Periscope from Roosevelt Island 
LIVE on  LIVE on  Michelle Kwan on the ground at the  campaign launch  
Bookmark this: The official  launch livestream will begin here shortly: 
“She supports marriage equality, and it’s important that we have a president who has our backs.”—Alessandro ; Dervon 
“Hillary stands for everything I believe in, including health care.” —Aditi 
  first rally!  
“America needs someone who's a leader. She's smart, knowledgable, tough, and doesn't mess around." —Marc 
 Continúa evento de  en Nueva York con animación musical antes de discurso de  
Crowds filling in at Roosevelt Island: 
Live on  from Roosevelt Island: 
LIVE on  Michelle Kwan with  campaign chair John Podesta on Roosevelt Island 
 Hillary Clinton kickoff event at Roosevelt Island. Great view of Empire State Building, United Nations, Chr... 
  launch is in NYC park dedicated to FDR's famous 1941 'Four Freedoms' State of the Union speech 
 If cuteness could qualify you to vote ... 
 My boyfriend  and I are getting ready to see in NYC!  
“Hillary is the president we need for times like these.” —Joseph from NYC 
 Live from Hillary Island 
 So ready for the Campaign Launch!  
"Hillary supports the issues that matter most to my family: education ; workplace equality." —Fatima ; daughter 
Live on  from Roosevelt Island:  
LIVE on  LIVE on  Michelle Kwan hosts exclusive coverage of Hillary’s official campaign launc… 
 Hillary Clinton's 2016 playlist is now on Spotify. And, yes, it includes Katy Perry's "Roar".  htt…
Daisy (w/ mom!): “She's level-headed ; proven herself to get things done. That's why I'm here to support Hillary." 
  on  I'll be live coming soon!   
Now playing: The official  playlist! Listen here →  
 I see you snapchat  
 is on Periscope. Tune in today as (!) hosts live coverage from the campaign launch.
Jackie traveled to Roosevelt Island from Exeter, NH. "I'm with Hillary because women's rights are human rights." 
Spotted on Roosevelt Island: Ready to launch. 
Consider this your all-access pass to the  launch—right on your Twitter feed. Follow along here for in-depth coverage.
"She taught me that there were no limits to what I could achieve." 
Watching the  launch via livestream tomorrow? Follow here for infographics, personal stories, and more. 
Setting the stage for the official  launch! Tell us: I'm most excited about tomorrow because ________. 
 Come for the  photos, stay for her tenacity as a fighter for kids + families.  
From Nikki G. in Indiana. 
 Need help finding your  Just follow the arrows on the side road! 
 You. Hillary. Our Iowa launch party. You won’t want to miss the event this Sunday →  
Take 5 minutes to watch this—a look back at the big fights of Hillary's career and how they’ve shaped who she is now: 
  has always been a fighter ; is the champion we need! Ready 4 our Independence,IA  
 "Everyone deserves a champion in their corner"  WATCH VIDEO: 
Everyone deserves a champion in their corner. That's been my life's work—and it's why I'm running for president. -H 
Can't make it to the  launch? We saved you a seat. Catch the livestream here:  
 Hillary has RSVPed—have you?   
Sports fans get game alerts.  supporters get campaign updates. Sign up to get in the game: 
State of the race: Campaign Manager Robby Mook's memo on the next phase of  
A group of senators trying to make medical decisions for millions of women: That isn't leadership—it's malpractice. -H
Join Hillary in fighting for expanded voting rights for every American!  
Join Hillary in fighting for expanded voting rights for every American!  
Join Hillary in fighting for expanded voting rights for every American! 
Join Hillary in fighting for expanded voting rights for every American! 
 national corn on the cob day: grinning from ear to ear  
A never-seen-before-today  Pedal to the metal. 
Join Hillary’s fight to restore all Americans’ rights and dignity at the ballot box. 
Team  on Instagram: 💯k strong! Join us:  
You want to volunteer for  Let's shake on it:  
"Doting grandmother, among other things." Follow Hillary's new  
Pedal to the metal.  
Remembering a historic day in Beijing, September 1995.
No American should be disempowered and disenfranchised. Add your name if you agree! 
No American should be disempowered and disenfranchised. Add your name if you agree! 
Join Hillary’s fight to restore all Americans’ rights and dignity at the ballot box. 
Join Hillary’s fight to restore all Americans’ rights and dignity at the ballot box. 
 Honored to work for a woman I deeply admire ; respect. will be an incredible President.  htt…
Coming soon: Hillary on the fights that matter. 
Today's edition of " supporters doing amazing things": 
  supporters are organizing in Every. Single. State. We put together a little something to show you what th…
Hillary is on Instagram! Follow along for a behind-the-scenes look at the campaign:  
Overheard in IA, NH, SC, ; NV: Voters share thoughts on meeting Hillary on the campaign trail.  
 Quilting for and reading   
The first two months of the  campaign—in a GIF! 
  and kicking off the first    of the campaign! 
No one should be in debt to a college that defrauded them—forgiving students is the right decision. Thx,  -H
Saturday's the big day! Host a house party in your community and join a special call with Hillary: 
Chip in ; we'll keep using your dollars for the most important things (sorry,  
  is on the bus!  
   
Spotted on Instagram: The first  Pride stickers are arriving! 
 FTR I've loved since she first started pushing for universal healthcare as FLOTUS (when I was around 1…
Couldn't be prouder to have the women of Team  representing us in stars, stripes, and shin guards. Good luck, -H
We knew we liked you, 
 Enter to win – you could be the one hanging with Hillary next. 
 Enter to win – you could be the one hanging with Hillary next. 
 Enter now for a chance to meet Hillary at an organizing event in Iowa! 
 Enter now for a chance to meet Hillary at an organizing event in Iowa! 
Helping women ; families succeed isn’t a side issue; it’s fundamental to our economic future.  
 This Saturday, Hillary's coming to Iowa for a house party. You could be there:   
Hillary can't do it without you. Sign up to volunteer:  
Be part of this team. Sign up to join the official  list:  
Why do voting rights matter? Here's what you said: 
 My mom ❤️'s volunteering ; talking to voters abt why she's for Join our team!  
Spotted at Texas Southern University: 
Hillary's new favorite singer. 
Happening today in the Silver State: is training organizers to help elect Hillary Clinton.  
Like they say in Arkansas.  
 "I love because she is a fighter for college students"  
You won’t have to travel far to meet Hillary! Enter now for a chance to meet her…in Iowa! 
Enter now for a chance to meet Hillary at an organizing event in Iowa! 
An in-depth look at Hillary's plan for expanding voting rights—with GIFs, graphics, and more:  
Last chance:  
Recoge una copia del de hoy y lee lo que dice sobre reforma migratoria: 
Enter to win – you could be the one hanging with Hillary next. 
Enter to win – you could be the one hanging with Hillary next. 
Hillary's plans for ensuring every citizen can vote without barriers—in 72 seconds:
Iowans! Enter now for a chance to meet Hillary! 
Iowans! Enter now for a chance to meet Hillary! 
Today in great headlines:  

You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before today’s deadline!  
You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before today’s deadline!  
You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before today’s deadline!  
You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before today’s deadline!  
You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before today’s deadline!  
You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before today’s  deadline!  
You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before today’s  deadline!  
You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before today’s  deadline! 
Read Hillary's full speech on strengthening our rights, our Constitution, and our democracy:  
✔️ Automatic registration✔️ More early voting✔️ Fix Voting Rights ActRead Hillary's plan to expand voting rights: 
Tomorrow’s the deadline! Enter for your chance to meet Hillary at the big rally in New York! 
You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before tomorrow’s deadline!  
You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before tomorrow’s deadline!  
You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before tomorrow’s deadline! 
Sign on if you agree with Hillary: We should make voting easier, not harder →  
"Today we refuse...to allow our country and this generation of leaders to slow or reverse America’s long march toward a more perfect union."
"We need a Supreme Court who cares more about the right to vote of a person than the right to buy an election of a corporation."
You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before tomorrow’s deadline!  
"All of these reforms...are commonsense ways to strengthen our democracy, but none of them will come easily. It’s going to take leadership."
"If you're an eligible voter and want to be registered, you should be a registered voter—period."
 if you agree: We should make it as easy as possible for every American citizen to make their voice heard. 
Hillary calls for automatic voter registration—for everybody. 
"Early in-person voting will reduce those long lines and give more citizens the chance to participate."
"We should set a standard across our country of at least 20 days of early in-person voting everywhere."
"We should implement...commonsense reforms, including expanding early, absentee, and mail voting."
"Congress should move quickly...to repair [damage to Voting Rights Act] ; restore the full protections that American voters need ; deserve."
This fight is for all of us. 
Hillary on Republican efforts to make it harder for American citizens to vote: 
“I believe every citizen has the right to vote, and I believe we should make it easier for every citizen to vote.” -Hillary

"In SC, there’s supposed to be one machine for every 250 voters. In minority areas, that rule is often overlooked." 
 A look at the different ways states are making it harder for many people to vote: 
Pop quiz: Which of the following forms of ID can you use to vote in Texas? 
"We should be doing everything we can to get our young people more engaged in our democracy, not less." -Hillary

"40 years after Barbara Jordan fought to extend the Voting Rights Act, its heart has been ripped out." -Hillary
"As a 26-year old fresh out of law school...I was riveted by this unstoppable Congresswoman from Texas." - Hillary 
Happening now: Hillary speaks in Texas about the gutting of the Voting Rights Act ; why we urgently need to fix it → 
"We took a 400-square foot barbershop and turned it into a voter registration headquarters." - Art and Darlene 
"I just wanted to be here!""How come?""So I could say I saw the first woman ever to—maybe!—be president!" 
Marie from Texas: "Hillary came here and registered voters in the '70s, and a lot of people still remember that!" 
Hillary's getting ready to lay out her plan to make sure every American can vote. Why is this important to you? 
Hillary is going to share some big ideas on protecting ; expanding voting rights today. Read this before she speaks: 
You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before tomorrow’s deadline! 
 My plant was featured in the feed! Also a very funny newsletter - sign up here! htt…
You + a guest + NYC + free airfare + Hillary ClintonYou could win – enter before tomorrow’s deadline! 
⬇️ This could be you! Sign up to win a free trip to hang out with Hillary:  
See you in NYC, Andrea! -H 

Enter to win a free trip to NYC and attend Hillary’s first big rally! Flight and Hotel are on us.  
Enter to win a free trip to NYC and attend Hillary’s first big rally! Flight and Hotel are on us.  
Grandmothers for Hillary. 
  opening 5 new Iowa offices, bringing total to 9 
Equali-tee.  
  (with the help of some sweet potatoes and bell peppers)  
 "[Meeting was just like meeting a neighbor. We're so excited to support her" -Cliff in Van Buren Count…
Yaaas, indeed.  
 Nearly 100 folks from Columbia have joined our open house! 
 Lots of folks stopping by the office!  
Don't miss this.  
Aaron (and his grandpa) for Hillary. 
 Things you can find at the store: stickers. Things you can’t: succulents.   
Show your support for Hillary AND for equality. Check out thebrand-new Pride shop—open now!  
 El Paso Texas continues to set a great example for amazing  
Psyched about Hillary? How about volunteering? →  
Big news: Hillary's launching her campaign in NYC. Be a part of it—your airfare's covered →  
 Beautiful day in Boone county organizing for  
 Calvin's first time phone banking at the Rock Hill phone bank!  
Has substance abuse affected you or your community? Share your thoughts →  
You can only win if you enter! Sign up today. 
You can only win if you enter! Sign up today. 
We’re flying a lucky supporter (and a friend) to NYC for Hillary’s first rally! Enter today. 
We’re flying a lucky supporter (and a friend) to NYC for Hillary’s first rally! Enter today. 
Enter to win a free trip to NYC and attend Hillary’s first big rally! Flight and Hotel are on us. 
Sew true. (via 
Enter to win a free trip to NYC and attend Hillary’s first big rally! Flight and Hotel are on us. 
 Iowans and Granite Staters spoke of the "quiet epidemic" of substance abuse. Hillary will act. Share these headlines: …
Breaking: Start spreading the news— kicks off here.And you could be there →  
T-minus 5 minutes until the location of the official  launch will be announced—right here.
 Cedar Rapids Pride is about to begin! Come on over and show your support for  
Happy Pride Month—hoping this June is one for the history books. -H
The  Pride shop will open soon—sign up to be first in line:  
Sweet dreams. 
 There’s no better way to show your excitement for Hillary than by committing to caucus!  
 You gotta take Hillary with you everywhere you go.   
Big  news: We'll announce the official campaign launch location soon. Be one of the first to know: 
There are a lot of good reasons to be on Team  What's yours? 
My heart is broken for the family of Beau Biden—a wonderful man who served his country with devotion and lived his life with courage. -H
 Great organizing today across Iowa! Waterloo  Cedar Rapids  Iowa City 
Summer essentials: Sunglasses. Iced Tea. This tank:  
One of Hillary's favorite moments from this week. 
Welcome to the race, Gov. O'Malley. Looking forward to discussing strong families and communities. -H
Hats off to the weekend. 

 Jim is a WW2 vet and longtime supporter. "Volunteering is in my genes."  
Girls just wanna have fun bumper stickers. Get your own:  (Thanks, 
👏👏👏 Happy Friday from fashion icon  
Highlights of  small business, equal pay, and a few local specialties.  
It's the first big event of Hillary's campaign. You should be there. Enter by midnight:  
Two Ls, not one.  
Win a free trip to hang out with Hillary. The deadline to enter is TONIGHT—don't miss out: 
Join the  list—all you need to spell is your email address. 
 Don't miss Hillary's guest column in the Cedar Rapids Gazette:  
Sign up to get the latest news from Hillary’s official campaign! 
Sign up to get the latest news from Hillary’s official campaign! 
When is Hillary coming to your town? Sign up to be the first to know about events near you! 
Get updates from Hillary’s official campaign. Sign up today! 
When is Hillary coming to your town? Sign up to be the first to know about events near you! 
Sign up to get the latest news and hear about events near you! 
Sign up to get the latest news and hear about events near you! 
Get updates from Hillary’s official campaign. Sign up today! 
A moment of reflection on the campaign trail: Hillary and Reverend Hunt talk about faith at a South Carolina bakery. 
 Ashlyn, Danielle, and Aditi are standing with Hillary because she’ll fight for equal pay.  
Hometown pride. 
Being a champion for everyday Americans isn't just about talking—it's also about listening. 
Hillary on equal pay: "This is not a women’s issue. This is a family issue. This is an American economic issue." 
How do you know Hillary will fight for equal pay? She's been doing it for years. Learn about her record and ideas: 
 Thanks Team for my personalized 'H'! Perks of being a Founding Donor  
Sign up to get the latest news from Hillary’s official campaign!  
Sign up to get the latest news from Hillary’s official campaign! 
Sign up to get the latest news and hear about events near you!  
 “We need to raise wages for the lowest paid jobs in America—which are disproportionately held by women, especially women …
 Hillary on equal pay: "This is not a women’s issue. This is a family issue. This is an American economic issue." 
 HRC: "When any parent is short-changed, the entire family is short-changed. And when families are short-changed, America …
 "Everyday Americans need a champion…who will fight for them every single day. Not for some Americans but for ALL American…
 Happening now! Hillary is joining SC women for a conversation about strong families and equal pay.  
Sign up to get the latest news and hear about events near you! 
 First stop in Columbia? Chicken, waffles, and good conversation at Kiki's Chicken and Waffles.  
5th Circuit is wrong on immigration. followed precedent, took steps for families when GOP House wouldn't. Must continue the fight. -H
 Hillary's on her way to South Carolina!  this to welcome her, and follow along with her trip here!   
This pillow's place is in your house. Order yours before it sells out (again!):  
These are going FAST—we've already had to order more! Get in on the second batch:  
Your airfare = covered. All you have to do for a chance to meet Hillary is enter your email: 
 The  store just opened and this rad decor item is in there:   
Today we celebrate Sally Ride—a pioneer who showed generations of girls that the sky is no longer the limit. 
Thanks, we actually prefer this.  
This week's Feed is about to hit inboxes. Make sure you're signed up before it goes out:  
  will be in South Carolina tomorrow! We'll be tweeting from her visits around the state—follow here! 
Pantsuit up.  
Now open: the official  store! Start shopping:  
10% off and an exclusive sneak peek at the  store ahead →  
With respect and gratitude for fallen servicemembers and their families. 
Some good advice from Hillary. 
We have a sacred responsibility to those who serve and sacrifice for this country—today we remember and honor the values they fought for. -H
Win a free trip to meet Hillary. Need we say more? 
Get 10% off  swag when the store opens—you can spend the savings on sunscreen.  
Stopping for ice cream in Derry, NH. (Where else?) 
Sign up here for your chance to meet Hillary—selfie included:  
Well done, Ireland. -H
Thanks for the Seacoast hospitality, New Hampshire!  
Step 1: Say you'll help Hillary out: Step 2: Have a great long weekend. 
Car magnets are HERE! Get yours →  
  takes pic w/the birthday girl (; all the attendees of her bday party!) in Amherst,   
You never know who you'll meet as a  volunteer! 
The official  shop is coming soon! Sign up here and get 10% off when it opens:  
 "Daddy, who's that woman?" "Maddy, that's the next president of America, "  🇺🇸 
Looking good! Join and support   
LGBTQ rights are human rights, and human rights are LGBTQ rights.  
 "She was so nice! It was like talking to a friend"- Pam on meeting in Independence, IA  
 Special shout out on this beautiful New Hampshire Friday afternoon to for the tour! 
 "Why I like doing events like this is to hear from people who are actually doing the work." - in Hampton,…
Great event brewing at in Hampton, NH. Watch Hillary's small business roundtable live: 
Today in really cool things:  
Thanks again, Iowa!  
See you soon, New Hampshire! 
 Hillary is sharing her plan to help jump-start small business on her new LinkedIn account.  
Want to meet Hillary? Know a friend who does, too? Free idea: Tag them here and make a deal to be each other's +1 → 
 Are you loving what you're seeing from today on small businesses? If so, you'll want to follow 
Back at you, 
Get excited: Hillary will be making her official campaign announcement speech at the first big event of her campaign on June 13th.
Mary Jo, you're right: business can be a powerful force for change, ; yours certainly is. Thanks for inviting us in, one tweet at a time. -H
That's all for me! Thanks for the opportunity, Hillary—; thank you for fighting for women ; business owners like me! 
Love this team! Thanks for coming along with us today! 
David, our VP, is the reason my life works. Took over check-signing when Haley was born and still does it today. 
I want to say: Equality for women is so important to me. Hillary's deep understanding—to live it and to understand it—means a lot to me.
Business can be a powerful force of change—there’s something significant in the community work we do. I'm proud to create jobs ; give back.
One of my favorite ; proudest things as a business owner is our pro-bono work. Every year, we donate a year's worth of work to a non-profit.
The Wall of Inspiration: Staff members select who inspires them ; we put them up. (Can you spot me ; Gloria Steinem?) 
We're really proud of our space because we built it together. Now, clients bring us things to add to the "museum." 
We should remove barriers so we can focus on the important things: Supporting employees, doing good work, ; contributing to our communities.
Owning a business—managing projects, budgets, and people—is a lot of work. The people aspect can be the toughest and the most rewarding.
I never meant to start a company. I studied fine art at UNH (to my parents' horror)—but I was lucky to have the support to do what I loved.
The best part of owning my own business: It enabled me to become a single mom at 40, and gives me security ; flexibility to be a mom now.
Matt, on the left in that photo, is our talented senior designer—he's been with us since he was a student intern!
It's all about collaboration here. Rush web project just came in. Impossible deadline, but we can do it! 
Here's Haley, light of my life. She wants to run her own company, too. It's true: They're not bossy, they're leaders! 
Morning checklist: Wake up, take Haley (my 10yo) to school, get coffee on the way in. Got a special "H" for today! 
Ready to start the day at We’re a strategic design firm, based in Portsmouth, NH for 23 years. 
Hi there! I’m Mary Jo—a mom, small business owner, and Granite Stater—and I’m taking over this Twitter account today. Welcome to Portsmouth!
Hillary's on (You may have heard—she's looking for a new job.) 
 two decades of laughs, insights, and, yes, even pantsuit jokes. you're a legend. -H 
Don't miss out on the most important updates from Hillary ; the campaign. Confirm you're on the official email list: 
 if you agree: We need to make investing in childcare a national priority—and give childcare workers the pay and respect they deserve.
"When we short-change childcare workers, we short-change kids and America’s future." –HRC with in Chicago 
Welcome, and advocates for women and Latinos, and the two newest members of  Let's go!
  is coming to New Hampshire on Friday! Be sure to follow along using 
Big news:  is having its first big rally—and YOU could be there. Enter now:  
 Big idea: the ability to juggle work and family shouldn't depend on living in one of two states. 
Food for thought: If you're a big Hillary fan, how about volunteering? →  via 
 "I'm a single mom, just moved to NH ; I don't have much free time, but I knew I needed to help "--Keri 
What Hillary's reading: A timely reminder of why we need to remove barriers and empower small business growth. 
 Best description of I've heard in Iowa "She's a bad mama jama."  
You can take the girl out of the Midwest ... 
If you could tell Hillary why you're on her team, what would you say? 
 So down for  She's the people's champ.  
Yep. Beyoncé. Get the best  moments delivered to your inbox—sign up for The Feed:  
 and Thank you! Grateful and inspired by your hard work for this campaign ; everyday Iowans. -H
What does it mean to be a small-business president? Read this:  
We shouldn’t break up hardworking families who contribute to our economy and our society. I’ll  -H
We’re flying a winner (plus guest!) to meet Hillary out on the trail. Enter now! 
We’re flying a winner (plus guest!) to meet Hillary out on the trail. Enter now! 
 Hillary's plan to help America's small businesses get ahead—and stay ahead:  
We’re flying a winner (plus guest!) to meet Hillary out on the trail. Enter now!   
We’re flying a winner (plus guest!) to meet Hillary out on the trail. Enter now!   
 if you agree with Hillary: Small business is at the heart of our economy. 
 Big thanks for the team at Bike Tech for hosting us today! 
Hillary's exchanging ideas on strengthening small business with the real experts. Watch live: 
"The president for small business"—like the sound of that. 
Fireside chat in Mason City, Iowa. 
Consider this a message to 7-year-old you: Don't give up. (And yes, that's his real name—give or take a vowel.) 
 Karen ran the Boston Marathon a few weeks back—Hillary signed her medal today!  
 It's chilly outside, but that didn't stop hearty north Iowans from coming out to see in Mason City. 
✔️ Wake up✔️ Go to the office✔️ Elect  like work you want to be doing? Go here → 
 "I'm excited to work for a champion for young women" introducing Hillary in Mason City  
 Hillary is back in Iowa today! Stay tuned for stories, photos, and updates from the trail.  
 is ramping up one person, one conversation, one community at a time. Volunteer:  
See you soon, Iowa! Follow for updates from Hillary's visit this week. 
Join  if you agree that every child should be given the opportunity to reach their full potential: 
 Olivia will be a first time voter in 2016; extremely proud that her first vote cast will be for 
 This  we’re celebrating all the men and women who courageously serve Iowa and our country. Thank you for …
Hope you have THIS much fun this weekend. 
Brooklyn welcomes Hillary to the neighborhood:  
Awesome. Join Dave:  
Be a part of this team. Sign up to volunteer with   
 Thank you Arizona!!!!  
 Check out this great group Grassroots Kick Off Meeting in   
Greetings from Brooklyn, USA! 
 Thank you  
 Si los jóvenes quieren servir a nuestro país en el ejército, deberían ser honrados—no discriminados. Dejen que los Soña…
 If young people want to serve our country in the military, they should be honored—not discriminated against. Let DREAMe…
Say you'll Bey on Team  too:  
Ever wanted to share your story? Sign up to join the  email list and the next email could be from you: 
 Just completed my 100th 1on1 meeting - - excited for hundreds more to come! Join us here:  
Saying hi to the new neighbors!
 Retweet to welcome these first-time caucus goers to the team!  
We’re flying a winner (plus guest!) to meet Hillary out on the trail (selfie included). Enter to win!  
We’re flying a winner (plus guest!) to meet Hillary out on the trail. Enter now!  
We’re flying a winner (plus guest!) to meet Hillary out on the trail. Enter now! 
Words that ring truer than ever today: "Human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights."  
We’re flying a winner (plus guest!) to meet Hillary out on the trail (selfie included). Enter to win! 
We’re flying a winner (plus guest!) to meet Hillary out on the trail. Enter now! 
We’re flying a winner (plus guest!) to meet Hillary out on the trail. Enter now! 
 The grassroots is mobilizing for deep in the heart of Texas. 
Hillary wrote a letter to a couple featured in her announcement video. You'll definitely want to read this → 
 I'm just as ready to graduate as I am    
Want to do more to support  You're in luck:  
Harriet Tubman could be the first woman on the $20 bill. Awesome, well deserved—and about time.  
 Johnson County, KS getting organized for  
 is ramping up across the country! Take a look:  
 Here’s what University of Iowa junior Carter Bell said about her coffee with Hillary last month → 
 It starts with YOU! Join us and help us organize for Just go to  
If you agree that these priorities are backward, add your name:  
 Priorities. 
When it comes to women's health, there are two kinds of experts: women and their doctors. True 40+ years ago, true today. -H
 this if you agree with Hillary. 
 supporters bringing this campaign to new heights. Thanks for stopping by, 
 50-state grassroots program is in full effect -- awesome story on the enthusiasm and organizing in MN  
Heartbroken for the passengers and families affected by  and grateful to all the first responders on the scene. -H
 Karl: Proud American✔️ Proud Granite Stater✔️ Proud to support ✔️ 
When workers don't have to choose between staying healthy and staying on the job, it helps everyone. 👍, 
 Great breakfast and chat with Catharine this am! She is new to Keene, and ready to get involved with  
You +  = a winning team. Sign up to volunteer:  
Last chance to become a  Founding Donor — at midnight, this window closes forever:  
 Let's go, Exeter! 
✨ FLASH GIVEAWAY! ✨ Donate before 5:30 p.m. ET, and you'll win a custom phone wallpaper:  
Let’s go.  
Want your own personalized H? Chip in $5 to become a Founding Donor—next 10 donors will win:  
Campaign manager Robby Mook is finalizing the Founding Donor list—make sure your name's on it:  
How can you tell Hillary will fight every day for kids and families? Because it's what she's always done. 
 Met this amazing couple: Aaron and Scott are excited to support bc she supports marriage equality! 
High five: It's been one month since  launched! Join the campaign:  
Avoid FOMO. Become a  founding donor before this window closes:  
 We're here at Consuelos Taqueria for an open house with immigration reform advocates!  
Healthy women → healthy communities. Sign up if you agree with Hillary:   
2 smart  pieces: being funny, being wonderfully wonky.   -H
Note to selfie: Join  today.  
 Here's why Linda is in for  "I owe it to my granddaughters and their generation to get involved" 
A few lucky moms got a Mother's Day surprise to remember today: a call from Hillary. 
 if you agree we should make it easier to raise a family—and guarantee paid family leave once and for all. 
The best Mother's Day gift has been seeing my daughter become a mom. Happy Mother's Day to to every mom and grandma! –H
Share Hillary's Mother's Day video with a mom you love: 
  to ; and to all moms everywhere.
 Happy Mother's Day to my Mom ; to Moms everywhere!
 Happy Mother's Day! A few moms and daughters are sharing their stories on why they support  
Daughter, mother, grandmother—and a fierce champion for mothers, children, and families: 
 Barbara and Brian are supporters and kayakers. Awesome event at Rogers Park today!! 
Add your name to wish our favorite mom (and grandmother) a happy Mother’s Day:  
 Dennis’ family farm has been active since 1842 -- and he’s all-in for Hillary! 
If you agree with Hillary, add your name to let her know:  
Even better than Mother's Day: the first Mother's Day as a grandmother! Sign Hillary's card:  
 With signing up Rock Hill Democrats for  
Happy Friday! There's just one more item on your to-do list: Join the  campaign today → 
 Hablamos con negocios sobre la reforma inmigratoria de y como va mejorar las vidas de sus clientes. 
 your go-to place to cut through the noise and get the facts. Sign up: 
 Retweet this to  in your life and all the amazing teachers in Iowa! 
 Proud of our volunteers on the ground. Sign up to help build the backbone of this campaign:  
Midnight deadline! This mom could call a mom you love—but you have to sign up now to enter:  
You never know what you could be missing if you're not following the  Flickr →  
End mass incarceration. Address inequality. Restore trust between law enforcement ; communities. Join if you agree! 
Stand with Hillary if you agree it’s time for criminal justice reform. Add your name! 
Stand with Hillary if you agree it’s time for criminal justice reform. Add your name! 
End mass incarceration. Address inequality. Restore trust between law enforcement ; communities. Join if you agree! 
Hillary believes everyone should be able to marry the person they love. Add your name if you agree! 
Stand with Hillary if you agree it’s time for marriage equality. Add your name! 
Hillary believes everyone should be able to marry the person they love. Add your name if you agree! 
Stand with Hillary if you agree it’s time for marriage equality. Add your name! 
Stand with Hillary if you agree it’s time for marriage equality. Add your name! 
Hillary believes everyone should be able to marry the person they love. Add your name if you agree! 
Hillary believes everyone should be able to marry the person they love. Add your name if you agree! 
Stand with Hillary if you agree it’s time for marriage equality. Add your name! 
Congress should move ahead now with the USA Freedom Act—a good step forward in ongoing efforts to protect our security ; civil liberties. -H
Hillary visited Nevada this week to talk with DREAMers about immigration reform. See photos:  
Tea and good company for  Thanks, -H 
 Hundreds of students welcome  
Join this campaign if you agree with Hillary on comprehensive immigration reform →  
 What do people have to say about Hillary Clinton's immigration remarks? See below. 
 These are a handful of the many current/past teachers I've met. They're in for  
Sign on if you agree: Fixing our immigration system is the right thing to do.  
It's time to fix our broken immigration system. Read Hillary's remarks in Nevada earlier:  
 this and sign up if you're with Hillary on comprehensive immigration reform:  
"You are the kind of student that every family ; every community should be proud of."—Hillary to Rancho HS student ; DACA recipient Betsaida
“There’s much more to do to expand protections for families ; communities ... ; keep building support for comprehensive reform.”
“We should put in place an accessible way for parents of DREAMers ; others to be eligible for the same deferred action as their children.”
"I will fight to stop partisan attacks on the executive actions that would put DREAMers—including many with us today—at risk of deportation"
“I will fight for comprehensive immigration reform and a path to citizenship for you and for your families across our country.”
No GOP candidate has consistently supported a path to citizenship. When they talk about “legal status,” that’s code for “2nd class status.”
"We can’t wait any longer for a path to full and equal citizenship."
"We have to once and for all fix our broken immigration system. This is a family issue."
Hillary Clinton conversa sobre la reforma migratoria con un grupo de  en Nevada. Sintoniza aquí: 
Watch live → Hillary sits down with DREAMers at Rancho High School in Nevada to talk about immigration reform. 
Happy  Here's to teachers who educate and inspire, in and out of the classroom. 
Think beyond candy and flowers. This Mother's Day, get Mom a call from Hillary:  
 What said (and congrats)! 
 Own a slice of this campaign. Join us now →  
While GOP debates the same failed policies, Democrats will debate how to help families get ahead. Looking forward to a real conversation. –H
Get the facts and fight back against false attacks. Sign up for  
 "Clinton Cash" doesn't hold up. Watch Brian Fallon debunk the book’s conspiracy theories:  
 This is The Briefing. Follow us to get the facts and help fight back against false attacks on Hillary Clinton. 
Put your social media savvy to good use on the digital team at  HQ:  
Join  if you believe in creating opportunities for everyone to follow their dream:  
 Some beautiful artwork is popping up across Iowa! 
 Simi is committed to getting young people registered to vote!  
Hillary wants to call someone's mom on Mother's Day. It could be yours:  
 Join Martina and commit to vote for  tonight at the McIntyre-Shaheen Dinner!  
Sign up for your chance to give a Mother's Day gift to remember:  
Mother’s Day gift idea: a call from Hillary. Sign up for a chance to surprise a mom you love:  
 We're out at Spring Fling in Spartanburg signing up supporters!  
We’re building this organization across the country, from the grassroots up. Be a part of it:  
Have you claimed your  pride sticker yet? Sign up now—it's free:  
Happy  Heritage Month! Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders have contributed to making our country stronger.  if you agree.
Get your  bumper sticker before they're gone!  
Amen to this headline, Hope to see more voices speaking out.  –H
Hillary will protect women's ability to make their own health decisions. Say you're with her:  
 Like mother like son. The Rashids have been canvassing as a team for years and are  for 
 Great hanging out with this group of supporters. They're ready to get organized for 
I agree with Bernie. Focus must be on helping America's middle class. GOP would hold them back. I welcome him to the race. –H
Show off your  pride with a free sticker:  
The  digital team is looking for engineers with a passion for politics—apply now to join the team at HQ! 
Agree that we need to address inequality and expand economic opportunity? Sign up to be part of  
 The first thing Sean did after meeting Hillary? Text his wife! 
It's time.  
Hillary was so struck by this line she read it 3 times. Read the full piece here:  
End mass incarceration. Address inequality. Restore trust between law enforcement ; communities. Read this ; share: 
We have to take on broader inequities in society—you can’t separate unrest in the streets from cycles of poverty ; despair in communities.
There’s a quiet epidemic of substance abuse sweeping small town ; rural America. We need to do more ; get serious about treatment.
"It’s time to change our approach. It’s time to end the era of mass incarceration." - Hillary at the 
We need to start understanding how important it is to care for every single child as though that child were our own.
We should make sure every police department in the country has body cameras to record interactions between officers on patrol and suspects.
We need strategies to fight crime ; restore trust between law enforcement and our communities, especially communities of color.
WATCH: Hillary calls for an end to the era of mass incarceration. 
Hillary on reforming our criminal justice system, rebuilding respect, and embracing our common humanity: 
Congrats, on the 2nd  ; honing diplomacy ; development as core pillars of power along w/ defense. –H 
Join this team if you think everyone should be able to marry the person they love:  
 Read Cindy's  story:  
Show your support for Hillary! Get your free bumper sticker today. 
 if you're standing with Jared, Nate, and Hillary for equal rights.   
Sign up to get your free Hillary bumper sticker today! 
Sign up to get your free Hillary bumper sticker today! 
Get your free Hillary bumper sticker! 
Get your free Hillary bumper sticker today! 
Get your free Hillary bumper sticker today! 
Do you want a free Hillary sticker? Just tell us where to send it. 
Do you want a free Hillary sticker? Just tell us where to send it. 
Show your support for Hillary! Get your free bumper sticker today.  
Show your support for Hillary! Get your free bumper sticker today. 
❤️ numbers? The  analytics team is looking for nerds with a passion for data—apply now to join the team! 
Hillary ; a grandpa from Iowa talk marriage equality over coffee:   
Every loving couple ; family deserves to be recognized ; treated equally under the law across our nation.   –H
Tonight I am praying for peace ; safety for all in Baltimore, ; for Freddie Gray's family - his death is a tragedy that demands answers. -H
Don't miss your chance to get a free Hillary 2016 bumper sticker! 
Read Hillary's thank you note to Iowa:  
Start your week off right—sign up to join   
ICYMI: Watch Hillary's keynote speech from 
Step 1: Get your free bumper sticker at Step 2: Stick it to something. 
 South Carolina dems are fired up for   
Hillary's counting on you to get involved—sign up to be part of this campaign:  
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Nepal. –H
 There's no time like the present to join the  Iowa campaign:  
 These high school students completely blow me away!  supporting here in  👏💙🇺🇸 
 Our commit to vote cards are in! Sign up to volunteer today:   
This campaign starts with you. Sign up to be part of it:  
 always inspiring to see you—resilience, bravery, ; sheer determination personified. –H
 if you agree with Hillary on women. 
 I would not be where I am working for if I didn't start as an intern in '12 and '13. Interns are cool! 
Where should we send your free  bumper sticker?  
We're looking for engineers to help create the next big thing in digital campaigning. Apply now: 
Way to go! 
Been waiting months to say this: Congratulations to Loretta Lynch, officially confirmed as the next AG. Great news for her + for America. -H
 bumper stickers have arrived (and we'll send you one for free)! 
Students: We're hiring! Apply to be a  intern now, and tag friends to spread the word: 
Neighbors talking to neighbors = politics the way it should be.  
You can't fight what you don't believe exists. Climate change is real and we must meet this challenge.  -H
Our organizing teams are ramping up in all 50 states. Ready to get involved? Sign up now:  
Organizing is the heart and soul of this campaign. Watch the video ; sign up to get involved:  
Hillary just wrapped up two whirlwind days in NH—see the photos from her trip:  
Taking in Democratic history in New Hampshire. 
Future engineer Aurora says, "For all the girls out there—you can do anything you put your mind to." Hillary: "Music to my ears!"
Inspiration fix: Meeting with students at NHTI.  
Kicking off day two in New Hampshire—follow for updates from the trail! 
Congrats to all runners in the Boston Marathon today, ; power to all the supportive families ; friends braving the rain! -H 
Hat envy in Keene, NH 
Saying hi at Whitney Brothers Inc., a furniture-maker in Keene, NH 
 Abby, a student here in Keene, NH took on the rain, wind, and cold to show her support for  
Getting ready to order at Kristin's Bistro ; Bakery in Keene, New Hampshire—first stop in the Granite State! 
  is coming to New Hampshire today! Be sure to follow along using  
Hillary's campaign kick-off trip to Iowa, in 100 seconds: 
 in OK City today: "We should all live by the Oklahoma standard: Service, honor, kindness...to affirm our common humanity."
Head over to Facebook for a photo recap of Hillary's trip to Iowa:  
Hillary for America. Let’s go. 
Americans need a champion. Hillary wants to be that champion. Join our campaign! 
Americans need a champion. Hillary wants to be that champion. Join our campaign! 
Americans need a champion. Hillary wants to be that champion. Join our campaign! 
Americans need a champion. Hillary wants to be that champion. Join our campaign! 
As court hears immigration case today, at stake are stronger families, communities, ; economy. Parents ; Dreamers shouldn't live in fear. -H
 and for news from organizers and volunteers who are making it happen!
"I was like, 'That's our gal.'" 
Here's how we're celebrating  
 Wellesley in the '60s. 
There’s still time to become a founding donor of  
Bye for now, Iowa, ; thank you! I loved talking to so many of you about what’s on your mind ; your ideas for the future. See you soon! -H
 Jared is supporting  and has moving stories about the need to help out our Veterans in Knoxville IA. 
Hillary: “I’m excited to be here and I'm really excited about starting a campaign by talking to the people who really have a stake in it.”
One more coffee for the road: Hillary in Council Bluffs, Iowa today 
"The deck is still stacked in favor of those already at the top. And there's something wrong with that." 
Hey, have you joined  yet? 
Every American deserves a fair shot at success. Fast food ; child care workers shouldn't have to march in streets for living wages. -H
Hillary discusses paid leave in Iowa: All children deserve the "same chances." 
For photos from the trail, head over to our new Flickr page:  
  just casually carrying the photo of her with in her backpack :)  htt…
Hillary: ”The deck is still stacked in favor of those at the top, and we need to shuffle the cards. We need to play a different hand."
Hillary at Capital City Fruit in Norwalk, IA: "I will be offering specific ideas about how to jumpstart small businesses."
Saying hi at Capital City Fruit in Norwalk, Iowa 
 "I farm with my father. We should be in the field right now, but I said I had to come to see her!"  
 Carmen, Bruce, and Pam couldn't wait to sign commit cards for after meeting her at Tremont Grille! 
High fives in Marshalltown, Iowa. 
Americans need a champion. Hillary wants to be that champion. Join our campaign! 
Hillary’s on the trail in Iowa again today—follow for updates! 
This is your campaign. This is your time. Sign up today! 
Putting Hillary Bold to good use.  
"This was not how I thought this day was going to go when I woke up this morning!" —Nikki ; Lisa in Cedar Rapids 
 "Let's take a picture!" - Hillary 
More on Hillary laying out her priorities for the country here: 
"It's fair to say the deck is still stacked in favor of those already at the top. There's something wrong with that."
"I'm here in Iowa to begin a conversation about how we do that."
"And we need to protect our country from threats that we see and the ones that are on the horizon."
"And we need to fix the dysfunctional political system and get unaccountable money out of it once and for all…"
"We need to strengthen families and communities because that's where it all starts."
"We need to build the economy of tomorrow, not yesterday."
Hillary in Iowa this afternoon: "I want to be the champion who goes to bat for Americans in four big areas."
 if this describes you.  
Hillary talking education and college affordability with students at Kirkwood Community College: 
 Jones County welcomes  
"When we heard she was coming, we figured we oughta be here to welcome her." 
This is your campaign. This is your time. Sign up today! 
Americans need a champion. Hillary wants to be that champion. Join our campaign! 
 Hillary's in Iowa today! Check back here for updates as she travels across the state.  
Like road trips, campaigns are better with friends along for the ride. Reply ; tag a friend to join: 
 Via the -- meet the amazing Iowans featured in announcement video: 
Be a part of this campaign: 
Road trip! Loaded the van ; set off for IA. Met a great family when we stopped this afternoon. Many more to come. -H 
Hillary isn't the only one starting a new chapter. Watch:  
Pitch in $5 today to own a piece of this campaign from the start:  
Be a part of this campaign from the very beginning: 
Americans need a champion. Hillary wants to be that champion. Join our campaign →   
Hillary for America starts with you. Let's go →   
This is your campaign. This is your time. Sign up today →   
Join the official campaign from the beginning. Let's go!   
Join the official campaign from the beginning. Let's go!   
This is your campaign. This is your time. Sign up today →   
Hillary for America starts with you. Let's go →  
Join the official campaign from the beginning. Let's go!   
This is your campaign. This is your time. Sign up today →   
Hillary for America starts with you. Let's go →   
Americans need a champion. Hillary wants to be that champion. Join our campaign →  
Join the official campaign from the beginning. Let's go!   
Join the official campaign from the beginning. Let's go!  
This is your campaign. This is your time. Sign up today →  
Hillary for America starts with you. Let's go →  
Americans need a champion. Hillary wants to be that champion. Join our campaign →  
This account will be run by campaign staff from now on—but you’ll still see tweets from Hillary. They’ll be signed “-H.”
Estoy postulándome para presidente. Todos los estadounidenses necesitan un defensor. Yo quiero ser ese defensor. –H 
Americans need a champion. Hillary wants to be that champion. Join our campaign →  
Hillary for America starts with you. Let's go →  
This is your campaign. This is your time. Sign up today →  
Join the official campaign from the beginning. Let's go!  
This is your campaign. This is your time. Sign up today →  
Join the official campaign from the beginning. Let's go!  
Hillary for America starts with you. Let's go →  
Americans need a champion. Hillary wants to be that champion. Join our campaign →  
I’m hitting the trail to earn your vote. Headed to Iowa. –H 
I'm running for president. Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion. –H 
