Voters are switching their support to read why here:  
A Closing argument for worth the click:    

Thank you Chuck Norris! "This man should be President" 
Undecided Iowa voter? Learn more about campaign here: 
Packed house at Inspired Grounds Cafe to see ; Senator   
Had fun talking with ;    
Watch Gov. Huckabee BURN $1 MILLION but prove a powerful point! ⬇️  
Our team had a great time @ CrossRoads Shooting Sports this afternoon!   
  brings tears to daughter's eyes with note he pens.   
"Brody File Exclusive: Mike Huckabee Says As President He's Prepared To Stop All Abortions" ➡️   
Congressman Duncan Hunter burning up the phone lines in Iowa for us during our    
 Why don't you talk to Adel? "She knows I'm the real threat, I'm the one who can take down Hillary." 
Packed house for our  @ our IA HQ. Folks fired up for the  on Monday!  
Enjoyed talking w/ "Every 4 yrs Iowa tells east coast media, you can't predict how we vote."  
Thank you to our veterans!
Cracking jokes about Iowa cold before "She'll see it later, honey. Her eyes are frozen." -MH 
It's 25° here in Iowa ; my southern blood needs this propane heater, jacket, ; scarf.  
"Come, let's reason together."   
Media crush @  
Great time onstage at the  tonight. Glad to have family with me. 
 Huckabee: Hello, Iowa. You made me the winner in 2008, and you can do it again.
 Huckabee channels Adele: "Hello, Iowa. It's me." 
The next president needs to lead this country by saying, "Come, let's reason together."   
I don't understand how anyone w/ an IQ above plant life could be for socialism. I'm not    
As Governor, I cut welfare rolls by 50%.   
As Governor of Arkansas, the average family income increased by over 50%.   
I was the first Governor of Arkansas to pass a broad-based tax cut in the history of the state.   
As governor, I cut taxes ~100 times, balanced the budget every year, ; left AR with an almost $1 billion surplus.  
I cut 94 taxes as governor.   
  "People are poor b/c they don't know how to get out of the hole ; govt shouldn't push them back into the ho…
You know what our poverty programs do to folks? They keep them in poverty.   
 The thing about Iowa said, "you can’t win unless you go out and talk to farmers.” 
6 of the 10 richest counties surround  They don't have a clue how hard people in places like Iowa work every day.  
   
  on ISIS Take away their social media platforms; go after them financially; attack them militarily.  
I'll lead with moral clarity in a dangerous world.   
 Huckabee: I'm not bankrolled by Goldman Sachs or Citibank
 Huckabee sticking up for Thomas, the part-time Uber driver who gave him $25. "I'll stand with the Thomases any day."
We need to fight for the American worker, stand for all human life, ; pass the    
 Iowa Governor this morning: "I think Huckabee may do a lot better than people think.”  
After the  I'll join in Des Moines to support our vets who've been abandoned by Hope you join us!
 On the road in the great state of Iowa w/ as we travel the nation's heartland working toward Monday 
 So fun to have Scarlett on the trail with us in Iowa. She is so excited to be with her papa 
Thank you Christian Newswire! "5 Reasons Why Mike Huckabee is  for Traditional Marriage"   
We can't afford to let Goldman Sachs ; hedge funds buy the Iowa caucuses. I’m fighting for Americans.  
The secret to winning the Iowa caucus has finally arrived, my granddaughter Scarlett.  
Thanks Pastor Sherman!  “Good of the nation is the end goal.”  
 Here's where will be today: Des Moines, Marshalltown, Ames, Boone.  
I support "The EPA doesn't know the difference between a mud puddle ; the Pacific Ocean." 
Had a blast this morning on   
I enjoyed talking w/ tonight from  Watch the full interview ;   
Enjoyed talking w/ live from Iowa. We're ready to take the  by storm! 
 Ready for on takes his position to talk  ; 
 I was delighted to speak on behalf of again today at the Pizza Ranch in Indianola, Iowa! 
It's an honor to join a good friend, Dave for his first opening night Presidential art show.  
I'll be hosting an exclusive pre-release screening for "God's NOT Dead 2" on Sunday ➡️   
6 days until the  having a blast w/ ; 
  playing bass guitar with Josh Turner at Woolys in Des Moines.  
Ready for our special event w/ Come on down to Wooly's in Des Moines.   
Its a sick day in America when our govnt punishes those who expose evil w/ a cellphone—yet accommodates those who perform it with a scalpel.
"Harvesting human organs is beyond barbaric, it’s unimaginably grotesque and evil." (1/2)  
 and I hope to see tonight in Des Moines! ➡️    
 See 11 photos of at Surf Ballroom.   
 'Home improvement' actor to campaign with starting Tuesday.  
Perfect Sunday afternoon in Cedar Rapids with some Team Huck members: laundry, selfies ;  
 ; I hope to see you in Des Moines tomorrow evening! ;  
Great to be playing with the praise band at New Life Community Church this morning 
Got to visit w/ some of voters today... 
 Here's where will be today: Clarion, Dakota City, Fort Dodge, Reinbeck.  
Had a blast playing bass w/ at the last night!  
Backstage w/ at the Surf Ballroom in Clear Lake, IA. We're ready to rock the house!  
I would like to be the President who ends abortion.   
 Sure did. See the previous tweet for video... ⬇️
With trying to take our  rights, better buy the ammo wherever you can... ⬇️  
Shooting a Thompson submachine gun in Thompson, Iowa today...   
 called a "straight-talking guy" last night. Watch ⬇️
 Iowa! Come see me perform Monday night at Wooly's in Des Moines for my friend Tix available at 
WEATHER ALE: D.C. Government offices shut down by  OH NO! Americans might actually prosper.
WEATHER ALE: D.C. Government offices shut down by  ; that means no work is being done. How's that any different than normal?
I will be playing w/ at the tonight. Hope to see you there! ➡️   
Integrity matters. If I say something in Marshalltown, Iowa they’ll hear the exact same thing in Manhattan. 
Great to join from Sioux Center last night! Nothing like being called "straight-talking guy" by you! 
Saw a Trump spokesperson saying he was only candidate w/ a concealed carry permit. Not true. Janet AND I have had one for almost 20 years.
"Faith doesn't just influence me, it really defines me."  2008   
America has more than military ; monetary challenges. Morality matters. It's our foundation.   
Intel IG appointed by Obama is part of the "vast right-wing conspiracy?" I’ve gotta start attending the meetings. 
  releases weekend campaign sked for Iowa which includes a concert.  
How can we fix America's moral decay if we make excuses for politicians who pander on life ; marriage to win elections? 
How can say morality a state issue? Morality not geographical. Laws of nature ; nature’s God are basis of morality—not a GPS. (3/3)
I'll fight for life, marriage, ; moral issues as President. States do not have the "final say"... God does.  (2/3)
Do I think life, marriage, and moral issues are "a priority"? Yes, I do.   (1/3)
I'll never play political games with my faith. We shouldn't say one thing for votes, and another for NYC money.
I'm not going to tell you something different in Wall Lake, IA than Wall Street.   
Washington is broken because politicians say one thing to raise money and another to win votes.  
  :  a better constitutional lawyer than  | 
I'll never play political games with my faith or say one thing for votes and another for campaign cash.  
Abdicating responsibility to courts on fundamental moral issues like marriage is not leadership — it is surrender!
 See photos of meeting with edit board.  via 
Traditional marriage matters. Consistency, honesty ; authenticity matter. Moral issues matter, even if they don’t matter to donors.
  campaigning in Harlan, Carroll, Wall Lake, Cherokee on Wednesday.  
 Join and for music and food on January 25th!   
 See more 2016 Presidential candidates and their pets, including  
  in Harlan: my values don't come from the latest political poll; they come from my faith.  
Some events remind us just how unimportant politics can be. One of those happened today. Praying for the campaign family.
 George thinks the would be crazy not to endorse his papa  
 RIGHT NOW: meeting and greeting with  residents at Trinity Baptist Church 
I don't have an Ivy League law degree, but I know about God's law. Life and marriage are not state issues - they're non-negotiable.
The snow is coming down at our Des Moines office. 13 days until the   
 Country music star Josh Turner and Mike Huckabee will perform during a free rally at Wooly's in Des Moines Jan. 25. ht…
  campaigning in Iowa this week. Here's his schedule:  
 "Because a Wetherby 300 mag...now that's a heckuva rifle." talking his guns to Ed Board. cc:…
Janet and I are praying for and the staffers on his campaign who were hurt today. Sad to read this: 
 LIVE on   meets with the editorial board.  
Look forward to being w/ on Monday. Hope you can join us! ➡️   
In memory of the great Glenn Frey, I wanted to share my 3 favorite Eagles songs:Take it Easy, Peaceful Easy Feeling and Already Gone
Sad news in the music world about Glenn Frey. Let's hope Eagles founder closed with a "Peaceful Easy Feeling." RIP
Wow! I watched  The mainstream media has FAILED when Americans rely on Hollywood actors to expose Hillary's actions! 
I reject Republicans who surrender to 'states rights’ on marriage ; follow lead. We know what's next 
 attacking someone for ignoring "requests that were stonewalled"? Hmmmmm...  
 been scooping up pharma $ like a Hoover on K Street. Time for safe drug importation. 
 referred to  as "a path to universal health care." Finally...admits her goal: a TOTAL govt takeover! 
Equal pay for equal work is already the law. There's no gun show loophole. Dems should learn the laws before trying to rewrite. 
The Dem candidates give their top 3 priorities ; none include natl security? Seriously? That's the most IMPOANT responsibility! 
The people of Iowa are not for sale. Honesty, authenticity and conviction matters.
I’ll never apologize for my faith, compromise my values, or say one thing for votes and another for campaign contributions.
While some pandering policiticians believe life, marriage and moral issues are 'not a priority,' I disagree 110 percent.
 Special THANK YOU to Becky and Rep. Greg Delleney for an awesome event in Chester for 
Sanctions relief for Iran is like Neville Chamberlain writing a $150 billion check to Adolf Hitler before WWII hoping Germany will behave.
Obama is a complete fool for trusting a country that's been lying, cheating, murdering ; sponsoring terrorism around the globe for 37 years.
It’s embarrassing John Kerry ; Obama negotiate with Iran as innocent Americans still remain locked-up in prison.
I join millions of Americans and his overjoyed wife Naghmeh in saying, 'Well done Saeed! You are a faithful servant and welcome home!’
Praise God! Christian pastor Saeed Abedini is free from his 8-year prison sentence for spreading the Gospel ; planting churches in Iran!
At the SC Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach: WATCH LIVE  
 Congressman Meadows ; live on Radio w/ live from Myrtle Beach, SC 
Before taking the stage at SC Tea Party Convention - On Radio w/  
On the campaign trail in SC today, starting out in Pawleys Island then Myrtle Beach, Richburg, ; Union.  
Thanks to the folks who came to our Des Moines office for a  watch party last night!  
A privilege to spend time w/ at the College of Charleston Presidential Townhall Series. 
Nice shoes, Had a blast this morning recapping the  
➡️    
  
  
  
  
  
 issue crystal clear. Abolishing guns b/c of reckless abusers makes as much sense as abolishing cars b/c of some drunk drivers.
I was the 1st governor in America to have a concealed handgun license.   
  
The  is the last line of defense against tyranny and must be protected.  
I’m a hunter, but the  isn't about hunting — it’s about preserving all the rights we possess as American citizens. 
I defeated the Clinton Political Machine all of my AR elections...; lived to tell about it!  
If you want a President who will lead w/ moral clarity ; put Americans first, donate here ➡️   
  reaction when it was noted he called Obama's orders on gun control completely insane.  
  "Pass the fair tax and supercharge this economy...and we don't have to cut Social Security to any sen…
  says America needs to end regulations that hurt good financial decisions.  
  anti-abortion line gets enthusiastic audience reception  
  "I want to be the president that treats every person including the unborn as a person." 
 Huckabee gets the american blue collar workers and the social security problem made me cry to hear that s…
  "How can [God bless America] when we continue to slaughter 4,000 babies a day?" 
  says a president has to address the moral issues of the day   
 Powerful performance by Huckabee here, being applauded frequently. 
 The undercard threesome are better talkers than some of the Prime Time debaters. More articulate. More logical.
  outlined how he will pay down the country's debt without cutting Social Security or Medicare.
Some of those ideas where we get on our knees, before we get on our feet, might be some of the best to turn this country around. 
I fought the Clinton Political Machine in every election I was in Arkansas. Watch ⬇️  
Not the time for a tap of the hammer or twist of the screwdriver. Time to do something big. Abolish the  pass the  
Get rid of the tax code. Abolish the  Pass the  Give the economy the rocket fuel it needs.  
Social Security is not the govt's money. It's the money of the working people who had it taken out of their checks involuntarily. 
 Every time I hear speak, I hear Ronald Reagan. Just sayin'   
 "If you like your gun you can keep it too," says, "We don't believe it" 
  says anti-semitism is more of a problem than hate against Muslims.   
There's no excuse for a not to be able to lead in Washington if he knows what the heck he's doing when he gets there. 
We have a who seems more interested in protecting the image of Islam than he does in protecting us.  
  "The one common thing that has happened in most mass shootings is that they happened in gun-free zones." 
  
 keeps pushing ideas that would never work.  
Why don't we start by making sure the Dept of Justice never does something idiotic like Fast ; Furious again?  
 Huckabee says Obama "should have stood in the layaway line at WalMart before Xmas" and he would see economy differently. 
 Huckabee speaking very eloquently about the economic instability millions of Americans are feeling. 
The purpose of our military is to kill and destroy our enemy, and make our country safe.  
  Radical Islam is a threat to every civilized person on this earth. 
I'll lead with moral clarity in a dangerous world.  
I'm going to focus on solutions to help every American earn his or her maximum wage...  
I wish knew more of the people hurting in our economy - he might actually make some changes.  
In Charleston ; ready for tonight's   
A pleasure to meet Miss South Carolina at the Palmetto Senior Show in Columbia, SC. 
Obama says Guantanamo's a recruitment tool? HEREs a recruitment tool: pics of Iran humiliating our sailors ; White House apologizing for it!
YES! Packed house of conservatives ; fired-up supporters in Davenport today! We have 150 Iowa events this Jan!  …
Set aside the Union, Obama's mind is in a state of confusion, delusion and decay.  
 says we're still so powerful no nation dares attack us? Someone should tell Iran so they'll release our sailors/other hostages 
Latest broken promise: that this speech was going to be "short." 
Looks like would rather chaperon a Six Flags field trip with El Chapo than listen to more of this speech. 
 marginalizes and attacks Christians. We need a president who will fight for God ; country, ; protect our  
Once returns Gitmo to Cuba, the Castros will have more space for political prisoners. 
 A threat to Israel is a threat to America, and I will stand with Israel no matter the cost to defeat our common enemies. 
 Quit apologizing for the evil forces of radical Islam and start protecting Americans! 
What fails to mention about  we can probably glean from classified emails. 
Unlike I will be a voice of moral clarity and keep all options on the table to defeat the evil forces of radical Islam. 
 policies intensify the cycle of poverty and government dependency - We need a president who will break it! 
 immoral deficit spending is bankrupting our grandkids' future. Time for a Balanced Budget Amendment! 
 policies will bankrupt Social Security ; Medicare. I'll make sure you get every last penny Washington confiscated from you! 
 tax and spend policies punish working families ; encourage government dependency. Why not lift Americans out of poverty? 
 speeches are like pat downs, Arab relations ; untreated rashes. Painfully bad. But it will get worse. 
Unlike I'll end the disgrace of failing to give proper care to our veterans who sacrificed everything for our country! 
 pats himself on the back for giving us an Affordable Care Act that nobody can afford. 
Is it true thought about doing this  without Congress? After all, he does everything else without them. 
The Iranians are yet again, publicly embarrassing America. This is what happens when your enemies don't fear you.
Iran should immediately release our sailors or face serious consequences. Yet Obama lacks the power ; respect to secure that demand.
Thanks for your support! I'll never apologize for protecting life ; marriage whether in Iowa or NYC. 
Why doesn't save us the time ; just mail in his  address tonight - like he's done w/ our foreign policy... 
BREAKING -- Weather report in Iowa today: "It's stinking cold."    
Alabama. I'm an  guy. I'm not going to pander. 
If its all high dollar NYC fundraisers ; TV ads, it's the end of the Iowa caucus. Great stop in Oskaloosa!  
I'll never apologize for my faith, nor should you. Thanks ; Christians everywhere for the support! 
I'm proud of the social conservatives coalescing around our team to put our God, our country and our values first! 
Life, marriage ; religious liberty aren't political bargaining chip. Thanks for your support! 
A full house in Burlington, Iowa! Great to see Mayor Shane McCampbell today. I appreciate his support! 
The  is the only plan that lowers everyone's tax rates, untaxes the poor and broadens the tax base. Retweet pls!
Americans spend upwards of $1 trillion each year complying with our 75,000-page tax code. We need a tax revolution: the 
Join me on the campaign trail today!  Learn more about my Iowa campaign events   
Our nation is in trouble. We need a revival, not a revolution. Crowd in Keokuk, IA unanimously responds, "Amen." 
The media may mock me or call me 'extreme.' But last time I checked, killing babies is NOT an American value.  
I'll never bow down to Washington's assault on the unborn or wave the white flag in the face of this evil.  
I'll never surrender to  butchers or abandon the memory of 60 million American babies who were denied the right to breathe
 How can you be 'honored' by baby butchers? If 'Womens rights = human rights' do women in womb not count? 
 harvests human organs like they were fan belts for a Buick, but is 'honored' to have their endorsement?
SHOCKING FACT:  receives more taxpayer funds each year than the $900 million  winner takes home. 
Want to fight poverty? Stop punishing people for working, abolish the IRS ; pass the FairTax!  
If you're unsure about the Obama-Hillary refugee relocation program–the chaos in Europe is a shocking sneak preview. It must be stopped! 5/5
I’m sorry, but American women should not have to wear burkas to protect themselves from sexual attacks. 4/5
Liberals call for ‘tolerance’ as the Muslim male rape epidemic swells across Europe. And the politically-correct media has remained silent
Why are Obama ; Hillary more interested in protecting the image of Islam than protecting American women from rape by Middle East migrants?
Between shootings, terrorists bombings and rampant sexual attacks, this Middle East refugee crisis has been a disaster across Europe.
  speaking at the Kemp Forum w/ ;  
So, can impose strict gun laws on all Americans to stop "1 shooter" but strictly vetting all immigrants to stop 1 terrorist is wrong?
Support Life?  Oppose abortion? Retweet please!   
The federal government has the wrong priorities...retweet if you agree. 
  gun control, where I come from is you hit the target.  
  completes  visits 99th county in Iowa   
 Thanks for the kind words!
 Hey, Chuck? It's Huck. And this is how I do the "Full Grassley"!    
"Huckabee campaign visits local shooting range"   
Exciting to complete  today at Sigourney High School in Keokuk Co., Iowa!   
We just made it to  counties in Iowa! We're ready for the  ; with your help a  is coming! 
Getting a hug from one of my favorite supporters! Wendy, is a highlight on the way to  Thanks 
US State Dept has sent N Korea a TWEET appealing to its sense of international obligation. It may work, if Kim Jong-Un dies of laughter.
 - workin' hard, takin' a break, ; chats w/ 
We need your help to settle this important BBQ ribs debate:
Cast your vote now ; help settle this important BBQ ribs debate: "Retweet" for Wet Ribs "Like" for Dry Ribs 
Without a secure border, nothing matters.
If you are an Iowa voter and support my campaign, commit to caucus here: 
 You say if we can save one life we should. Well, apply 5th ; 14th amendments to the unborn ; save 4,000 lives a day. 
If u reward people who play outside the rules;punish people who live by the rules, pretty soon nobody is playing by the rules. 
On the road in Iowa to  - chatting w/ now.  
As I said in Ames, Republicans in Congress need to grow a spine ; stand-up to Obama.   
  Great to have you here with us! Thanks for stopping by.

Enjoyed spending time w/ learning about ; visiting with folks from Sheffield, IA.  
What do you bet that if Hillary finds aliens at Area 51, Obama will want to give them green cards? 
I keep singing to myself, "On the road again..."  Ready for another great day in Iowa riding on   
Want to see a candidate for prez make a pb;j? Watch make his lunch ➡️   
Duck calling contest on the  Who won? You decide. RETWEET for or LIKE for 
Iowans are NOT for sale. "Full Grassley" here we come!  Excited to be in NE Iowa on Tue. ; Weds.   
"I'd like to know, who died and made EPA King?" Great question from crowd in Clarion, IA.   
Our 150 event tour across Iowa continues... Hagie Manufacutring in Clarion.     
On the road to Clarion, Iowa.  It is about as clear as President Obama's understanding of the Second Amendment. 
I've written before about Obama's politicization of shootings.  Read my thoughts here: 
We're in Ames on track to finish our "Full Grassley," 26 Iowa stops this week, 150 this month!   
As President I will protect the rights of gun owners from Big Government and oppose new gun control laws.
We're "jammin'" down the road in Iowa! A wonderful PB;Homemade J for lunch.   - MH 
I have multiple campaign stops today across Iowa. Come see me on the trail!  Learn more here: 

One thing I know about Iowa, people here want authenticity. Iowans appreciate straightforwardness ; integrity. 
Whether I'm in Marshalltown Iowa or Manhattan, when people hear my message, they know it's the same, consistent message.
I'll be on today at 8:30 am ET/ 7:30 am CT. Tune in! 
Having dinner w/ the best campaign team in all of Iowa!   
Great crowd in Urbandale at the Machine Shed.   
Had a blast visiting ; taking questions w/ folks at the Machine Shed in Urbandale, IA.   
Learn more about here:  and about his record as Gov. here:  

We've got a full schedule of Iowa events Monday and Tuesday. LEarn more here:  
Watch this great interview with  
Just finished our event in Pella, IA. Excited to see the Hogs are pouring it on. Let's go  - MH
"No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms." This Navy Veteran in Indianola, IA proudly supports gun rights 
Senator Bumpers was extremely helpful to Arkansas and to me personally.  Betty and the family are in our prayers.
Janet and I are deeply saddened by the news of Senator Bumpers’ death. 
Retweet if you agree! 
The Corner Sundry in Indianola.  Event 2 of 150 Jan. events! Learn more at   
If marriage ; sanctity of life are truly issues of principle-not politics-there shouldn't be geographical boundaries to what's right;wrong
Join me on the campaign trail.  Learn more about my Iowa campaign events this weekend here:   
Support Life?  Oppose abortion? Retweet please!   
Oh and Winterset is John Wayne's hometown. Very cool!     
On the road to Winterset Iowa for our first event of the 150 events this month.  It is 17° out this morning. 
About to board  off January's 150 event swing in Iowa today!    
Happy New Year! We just got to Des Moines ready for 150 events in January.  we need a  
Saddened to hear of death. She was blessed with an incredible voice ; is an amazing talent. I'll miss her contribution to music

Instead of stealing benefits from seniors, let's protect Social Security, preserve Medicare and keep our promises to seniors.
Americans shouldn't sacrifice their Social Security benefits so we can bailout irresponsible Washington politicians.
...until we have an administration that treats them as the heroes they are!
And, seriously: I resolve to keep bringing up the shameful treatment of our veterans every chance I get...
...flying to far-flung luxury destinations  could easily be conducted via Skype.
I resolve to keep pointing out that all those climate change conferences involving dozens of fuel-guzzling private jets...
I resolve to get through the final year of Obama’s assault on freedom with the confidence that we can stop it and turn it around.
BUT at the same time not to provide any “safe space” from the First Amendment.
I resolve to offer a warm, reassuring hug to anyone traumatized by any non-P.C. comments I might make
I resolve the next time a Silicon Valley billionaire or an A-list star praises socialism, I will suggest they give half their money to me.
My New Year's resolutions...drum roll please

  "Look forward to having a great yr. God bless ; happy New Year to Channel."  
It's going to be a big year!   
Don't miss my  message airing on tonight! 
Interested in learning more about the Fairtax?  Go to my website here:  

"Tinkering" our broken system w/ new tax credits, deductions, loopholes ; rates is NOT reform-its lipstick on a PIG! 
Live in Iowa?  Join me on the campaign trail.  Learn more about my upcoming events on my website here:   
A Fairtax friend sent this to me and I just had to share it... 
The State Dept listed “Bringing peace ; stability to Syria” as one of its 2015 accomplishments.  Better hurry, there's only 12 hours left.
Glad to have join me tonight as we talked to supporters across the country. Folks were fired up! 
We're officially on the ballot in  Special thanks to Rep for all of his help.  
Happy anniversary to Pastor and his wonderful wife Susan!
Our Iowa team is hard at work at HQ this morning!   
 
2008  This time of yr, remember what really matters is the celebration of the birth of Christ. 
Speedy Wallis has cut my hair in LR for 42 yrs. Took my grandson, Huck, yesterday. Huck has more hair to work with! 
If marriage ; sanctity of life are truly issues of principle-not politics-there shouldn't be geographical boundaries to what's right ; wrong
Whether you agree w him, 1 reason I respect Trump: he doesnt pretend w his principles or change his message depending on location/audience.
Shouldn’t candidates be expected to have authenticity ; consistency, instead of looking at a map to decide what to believe ; what to say?
Should conservatives support a corporately-funded candidate that says one thing at a Manhattan fundraiser ; another at a Marshaltown church?
'Twas the night before Christmas and liberals were smiling...Watch ⬇️ 
The  Award - goes to Klunder's Kafe in New Hampton, Iowa.  
 Great questions ; such a cool format.
 you will be missed! and I wish you and your family the best! Y'all have a Merry Christmas!
 Thank you!
On the Road w/ Mike: Swisher, IA. Featuring a much-needed scarf from a great supporter in NV!  
Singing  carols/hymns with the coalition at Kava House ; Cafe in Swisher, IA.  
Still recovering from knee surgery, but haven't missed a step on the campaign trail! In  today ; tomorrow. 
Our country is facing a radical ; determined enemy who wants to destroy us. understands this. He'll be missed on the trail.
 brought a much-needed serious national security message to this campaign.
On said ISIS "can hurt us...but not destroy us." Wow, to "NOT BE DESTROYED." That's setting the "success" bar pretty low.
 If "Muslims have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism," why would offending them boost ISIS recruitment?
It's time we put Americans first - not the same failed liberal ideology that got us here in the first place. 
Our country needs a fresh start - not another sequel to the last eight years of 
Doesn't take the mind of a Jedi figure out the $$$ on these proposals don't add up for a country almost $20 trillion in debt. 
...It's like they came up with these ideas in a galaxy far, far away. 
From free college and government gun control, to healthcare handouts, higher taxes and free rides for everyone... 
The  was nothing but a battle to see who could get the farthest left first.
As Americans went to theaters to see newest many turned on TVs tonight ; saw newest installment of "Socialist Wars". 
Why are more upset about having access to computer system than Russia/China/Iran? 
I'm the only  candidate to defeat the Clinton Machine...; I lived to tell about it!  
Honored to join Fmr. Cong. Charles Taylor, a loyal friend, at his annual Christmas celebration in Asheville, NC. 
Humbled to meet folks at Bethel Baptist Church in Shelby, NC! Talking about key issues of   
 Republican budget deal  goes off w/ "We surrender before we ever even have the fight." 
Why are the more upset about having access to computer system than Russia, China, ; Iran?
You'd think would've at least had a secure computer system for something important, like her campaign.
You’d think our government would put Americans first, but Washington is putting Americans last.
Congress is stabbing the American people in the back, yet some Republicans have the nerve to call it a back massage.
It's a handout to potential terrorists, illegal immigrants, Planned Parenthood, ObamaCare beneficiaries, lobbyists and liberals.
This 2000-page, $1.1 trillion budget deal is a disgusting mess and Republicans got nothing.
Thankful for our nations first responders ; those who build the emergency vehicles they rely on. -- Rock Rapid, IA. 
 This farmers daughter grateful for Huckabee support of        
  Indeed
 Thanks for tweeting this!
Civilian space travel=the MOST high energy extracurricular activity on earth. But paper attacks me? HA! 
 to our great friend ; supporter, Wendy! 
We need a president who will protect Americans first, not protect the image of Islam first ➡️   
Are you ready for a president who will put Americans first? ;   
 Do you agree with  
 Final debate analysis: wins debate. Strong, articulate, and presidential.   
 Huckabee closing on terrorists: ‘High time that we recognize we have to take them out, not a little bit but totally.’ 
I want my grandkids to grow up not in fear, but in faith and freedom.  
 Love fire tonight.      in one answer.  
 Huckabee: "Our system is not a system of tyranny. We don’t elect kings. We elect servants." 
We don't elect kings, we elect servants.  
  "[Our job] is not to protect the reputation of Islam. It is to protect Americans first and foremost." 
  answers the hostage question PERFECTLY. Humanizes situation personally, then says what he would do as CIC.
Terrorists who threaten us: Won't be coming to our shores...you'll be going to your funeral.  
 Wow, Huckabee with a powerful answer.
I will restore our military infrastructure after years of abuse and neglect.  
I will fight for the U.S. military to be the most feared, respected, ; capable fighting force the world has ever known. 
  makes a good point re. use of National Guard/Reserve troops. 
 has put more pressure on Israel for where they build bedrooms than on Iran for building a nuclear bomb.  
My message to young Americans who want free college ; medical marijuana...  
We shouldn't sacrifice American security ; prosperity to the "gods of green energy"  
 Definitely true makes good point -US chose  in  We've been on the wrong side too…
  is on fire tonight. Clear, concise, strong, direct.   
Let America become the  energy exporter to the entire world!  
  to young people: “We aren’t gonna give you anything."  
 Huckabee: "we need a policy that puts Americans first, not last - which is what this administration has done"
  had a message for   
  on rebuilding U.S. military: If we try to win this war on the cheap... we're making a huge mistake. 
  telling young kids to, "get off your butt" and go serve your country   
 may start this fight, but we'll finish it.  
We need to tell  You won't be coming to our shores...you'll be going to your funeral.  
Why do we worship the gods of political correctness and make excuses for radical Islam? Americans first!  
If Islam is as peaceful as they claim, shouldn't they be begging us to come listen to their sermons and convert?  
  chastises the Facebook intelligence failure in San Bernardino. Strong.   
It’s time we secure this country, and not every country on the earth but this one. Americans first!  
Our goal out to be to protect Americans, and put Americans first - not last!  
There's a difference b/w right ; wrong, there's a difference b/w good ; evil.  
We have an enemy this Administration refuses to acknowledge and refuses to go fight.  
  "We have lost confidence in our government." 
We have an enemy who is out to kill us and we have a government we can't trust anymore.  
 Scott Brown's daughter is singing God Bless America at the  She performed w/ Huckabee in NH. 
It's where liars, cheats, crooks, ; thieves make a living - Washington, D.C. is the Vegas of the east! 
I will be campaigning across  this Thur ; Fri. Learn more here ➡️  
 Only one fighting for us. Others are working for Wall St ; K St  
Not pictured, A sweet 91 yr old woman saw I had a cold on ; hand knitted me a scarf to brave the NV cold! 
 Thank you!
 Thank you!
    
195 nations sign a sprawling, unenforceable deal, and already there's friction? Know what cures friction?  Oil. 
I'm ; the bull riding reminds me of what Americans have gone through the last 8 yrs under ⬇️
"The best way to deal with them is not to argue with them, but to pray for them."  
 "Obama’s PR crusade for radical Islam is infuriating ;...extremely dangerous" Huckabee. Via 
 "It’s actions like these that make many Americans wonder, 'Whose side is President Obama on?'" 
 first action as President might shock you. Watch ⬇️ ;  
VIDEO: Watch video of on discussing Pres. Obama's terrorism address  
No shortage of fun on the campaign trail! Had a blast running into our good friend 
Did you miss on tonight responding to speech? You can watch here ;  
Why can't say, "They're our enemy. We're going to eradicate them before they keep killing us." Watch ⬇️
 goes on to respond to Oval Office address. Watch ⬇️
 Up next: on on  re: POTUS terror speech 
A pleasure joining the American Friends of Bet El Yeshiva Center in NYC ; the first candle lighting of  
I will be on w/ at 9 pm ET re: POTUS Oval Office address on terrorism
Would be willing to accept some restrictions to the 1st Amendment imposed on them by people like me? ⬇️
 says we should surrender our 2nd Amendment rights? Would they do the same re: 1st amend rights?
What Makes America Great ➡️  
My Inspiration ➡️  
My Most Important Personal Decision ➡️  
The Greatest Threat Facing Our Country ➡️  
My First Action As President ➡️  
Carrying Out The Death Penalty ➡️  
Experiences That Have Prepared Me ➡️  
Why I'm the Most Qualified ➡️  
Why I'm Running for President ➡️  
I will be in the Center Seat on w/ on  at 6 p ET/5 p CT discussing the terror attack in 
Honored to meet 8-year old Ella today in Woodbridge, VA.  Wish her luck in her run for class president! Go Ella! 
Republicans who think Iowa farmers ; ethanol producers want handouts should apologize. My Op-Ed=&gt; 
Great new book about those who serve on Navy subs—check it out!
"'I consider [the two-state solution] no solution whatsoever,' Huckabee declared" ➡️   
"Huckabee added that as president he would move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem" ➡️   
"Palestinians...could not be trusted as a partner so long as they want to deny Israel's existence, [Huckabee] asserted."  
"The US needs to finally make a definitive statement...[that] we know who our peace partner in the Middle East is, ; it is Israel" 
 "Huckabee: No two-state solution in Israel"   
Thankful for all of the hardworking volunteers ; supporters helping to get us on the ballot in Virginia! 
Facts are facts, ; this is clearly radical Islamic terrorism. It's time for to stop masquerading as a leader ; start acting like one.
…But today, he seems consumed w/ creativity to generate an alternative explanation for what is explicitly self-evident.
Yesterday, moved w/ lightning speed to advance his radical gun agenda…
Concealing the truth ; ignoring the obvious for the simple sake of a pro-Islam PR campaign is an insult to the American people.
It doesn't take a Harvard law degree to identify the inspiration and source of the San Bernardino slaughter: radical Islamic terrorism.
What will it take for to abandon his politically-correct crusade for Islam?
 We're live backstage with at the  
Enjoyed talking w/ team about terrorism, agriculture, EPA, ; trade deals. 
 Huckabee “The two state solution is no solution whatsoever"
 "It is not OK to kill Jews" Huckabee is on fire at the  
  "Jerusalem should never be a divided city" 
 Huckabee jokes the next president must be the “commander in chief, not the meteorologist in chief"
 Packed house and many standing ovations after lunch for at 
My first trip to Israel was in 1973. Speaking at the  now, watch LIVE  
Praying for those impacted by the shooting in California today.
Thanks for the follow 'bout time, been following your music for years! Great country music! 
  America needs a commander in chief, not a weather-obsessed meteorologist  
Thanks to our LA Grassroots Chair Jensen Young for filing official paperwork.  Glad to be on another state ballot! 
"Governing is hard work, it's not about 'can you make a speech,' but 'can you make a decision?'"
Rise and shine from Omaha, NE. Great to be on  
 Today visited in Corning, Iowa. He knows   
Talking about greatest threats to America today w/ ; Scott Voorhess --Beheading vs. Sunburn. 
Maybe Obama would take the threat of radical Islam seriously if he discovered ISIS didn’t recycle. My OpEd=&gt; 
Please read my op-ed on "We need a commander-in-chief, not a meteorologist-in-chief."   
Good time, good conversation, and  Thanks to Greggo's Pizza in Mt. Ayr, IA for letting us stop by! 
Spent a great morning touring Corning, IA plant. I believe   
  “If you’re gonna be a Republican then be one by gosh, but be a team player."  
  “Our energy policy ought to be the total opposite of what Obama proposes.”  
We ought to bankrupt Russians, Iranians ; Saudis by exploring, exploiting ; exporting our energy.
You never know what you'll be asked to sign on the campaign trail! dispenser is a first.  
I will be on tonight at 10 pm ET / 9 pm CT re:  ; the 2016 race 
Had fun visiting w/ students of Sidney, IA. Congrats to State runner-up Volleyball!  
Not a joke: thinks two-stroke engines ; sunburns are a greater threat to America than Islamic terrorism. 
Obama is clueless. We need a commander-in-chief NOT a meteorologist-in-chief.  
VIDEO: My interview on w/ discussing  ; ISIS 
There's no excuse for Muslim Middle Eastern nations to sit back and do nothing to fight Islamic Jihadism.
What is represented by Islamic Jihadism is nothing less than savagery ; uncivilized behavior.
The Colorado Springs tragedy is domestic terrorism, especially for those us in the pro-life movement.
Ofc. Garrett Swasey will be remembered as a loving family man, a man of faith, ; a hero who laid down his life in service of his community.
"I'll never apologize for America. I'll make our enemies sorry they ever attacked us." Watch our TV ad⬇️ 
Watch our "Thanksgiving" TV ad ⬇️  
Let's not just focus on food ; football, but on what makes our country exceptional - faith ; freedom ;  
While recovering from knee surgery, it's a great time to reflect on reasons to truly thank God;  
On this Thanksgiving Day, I have so much to be thankful for ;  
Thank you for all the prayers of support after my knee surgery this morning.  Ready to hit the trail in Iowa Monday!
We've had 7 years of press conferences ; diplomatic summits, Americans are tired of Obama's empty rhetoric ; meaningless theatrics
"It showcased what separated Huckabee from the rest of the people on the stage" ➡️  
"Huckabee offered some of the most thoughtful answers on a host of conservative topics" - ➡️  
"Of the seven candidates in attendance, it was Huckabee who probably came out the winner"- ➡️  
"At Presidential Family Forum on Fri evening, it was Huckabee...who really shined"- ➡️ 
  Obama's idealistic and dangerous Syrian refugee relocation plan  
Please read my op-ed: "Obama's outright dangerous Syrian refugee relocation plan" 
The unborn child is a person.  
It's impossible to explain the greatness of America w/o the providence of God.  
 demands federal government fight for right of parents to  their children 
 scores points with the audience by calling for the government to stop fighting homeschooling.
 vs on defeating   
Instead of getting rid of I'd like to resign if he's not going to protect America!  
The first call I would make after a terrorist attack is to drop to my knees and make a call to God. Pray. 
  first call to make after terrorist attack is to get on your knees. 
Read more ➡️  
4. Revoke Iran agreement re their nuclear capacity. Radical Islamists-Sunni or Shia-are clear ; present danger to civilization. 
3. Nations who refuse to participate will be sanctioned and isolated.  (2/2)
3. Build a coalition that will include NATO, Russia, ; nations of the Middle East to aggressively destroy ISIS.  (1/2)
2. Institute immediate moratorium on admission to persons from countries where there is strong presence of ISIS or Al-Qaeda. 
1. Close our borders instead of Guantanamo. 
Time for a President who will act to protect Americans, not just talk ; protect the image of Islam. I call for the following... 
The Bill of Rights was designed to protect us from the government, not the other way around.  
The protests tonight are a reminder that we live in the greatest country on earth. Freedom.  
Excited to join the forum in Des Moines this evening. 
The greatest moral threat we face is the loss of God-consciousness in our society. 
2 Chronicles 7:14 ⬇️  
I'm about to take the stage  Watch live ➡️  
This is the road to the White House!   
I enjoyed talking with about the  ;  HERE: 
Did you miss my interview with Read the transcript here: 
Stopped at a Casey's in Clarion, IA for some travel provisions. Beautiful snow fall.   
A Fairtax friend sent this to me and I just had to share it... 
After today's attack in  the Obama-approved domestic anti-terror plan: Give up your guns ; memorize a Koran verse.

A wintery weather day is about to blanket the state here in Iowa - be safe out on the roads!  
Why is Pres. Obama more mad at Republicans than ISIS? to in  
It's good to be back in Iowa!   
 has erased  "red line" ; rolled out the red carpet for possible radical refugees on U.S. soil. ➡️ 
We are at war w/ Islamic jihadists. And it's time we identify our enemy by name ; start waging a winning war. ➡️ 
Regardless of what this says, we're not at war w/ militant Methodists, extremist Episcopalians, or radicalized Roman Catholics.
We need to take care of Americans and defend our communities first. ➡️  
 has shown incompetence in the face of radical Islamic terrorists. ➡️  
Read my op-ed: "Ban All Visas for Travelers From Countries With  Presence" ➡️  
I personally respect the authenticity of Governor faith, and his commitment to the highest ideals of our great Republic.
The next President should hope that Governor would be willing to bring his intellect and his experience to the cabinet.
Governor departure from the Presidential race hopefully is not a departure from the battle to make America better.
Governor is one of the smartest and deepest thinking people in our entire Republican Party.
 Are you out of your mind? director even said can't vet 10,000 refugees. Quit playing politics w/ people's lives.
 attacks me, claims "strict vetting for refugees". Like their "strict" protocol for email security?
Good to see ; hold Obama accountable on refugee fiasco! Let's protect Americans, not the image of radical Islam!
I'm delighted to see say we need to put a pause on accepting  good for him. This is about national security.
I will be on w/ at 11:10 am ET / 10:10 am CT re:  ;  
It's time to stand with our ally France.  If they're willing to go shoulder to shoulder with ISIS, we need to go with them.
We have a Cub Scout for Commander in Chief, some people tell me that's an insult to the Cub Scouts.
 Good for Huck: goes after Paul Ryan on refugee issue 
Tune in: on w/ at 6:45 pm ET / 5:45 pm CT re:  
Please tune in: on w/ at 6:05 pm ET / 5:05 pm CT re: 
Read more: "Huckabee slams demands act to stop terrorist flow to U.S." ➡️  
If will not lead ; reject the importation of those fleeing the Middle East he needs to step down today ; let someone else lead.
 needs to make it clear that if won't stand to protect America from wholesale open borders, then Republicans will.
France has closed its borders and all wants to do is close Gitmo.
We have a Cub Scout for Commander in Chief instead of someone who is capable of defending America.
 takes credit for Bin Laden but won't accept responsibility for Benghazi. 
Blaming cops and shutting down Guantanamo is NOT a plan for public safety, 
Why stop at a $15/hr minimum wage? Reach for the stars guys! How about $50, $100, $200+ an hour?! 
 - Ask this immigration question to "How many "Syrian refugees" will you sponsor in Chappaqua? 
This sums it up perfectly. Hold on to your wallets, America...  
 is a great way to reduce  healthcare costs ; Vegas slots are a great way to invest your kid's college savings. 
You're all grown up now. You can do it. Three words. Ten syllables. Say it with me: "Radical Islamic terrorism." 
Read more ➡️  
4. Revoke Iran agreement re their nuclear capacity. Radical Islamists-Sunni or Shia-are clear ; present danger to civilization. 
3. Nations who refuse to participate will be sanctioned and isolated. (2/2) 
3. Build a coalition that will include NATO, Russia, ; nations of the Middle East to aggressively destroy ISIS.  (1/2)
2. Institute immediate moratorium on admission to persons from countries where there is strong presence of ISIS or Al-Qaeda. 
1. Close our borders instead of Guantanamo. 
Time for a President who will act to protect Americans, not just talk ; protect the image of Islam. I call for the following... 
  stands with the French people following the  - liberté, égalité, fraternity.  
 will be a guest on at 2:35 pm ET to discuss the   Listen live at: 
"Its time that we realize that ISIS and radical Islam is real. They're wanting to destroy western civilization." ; 
A response to the Paris terror attacks:  
My prayers are with the people of Paris, France. America will always have your back in the war against terrorism. Always.
 will be a guest on tonight on Fox News at 7 pm CT.

FairTax insider: "one of the best and most thorough explanations of the FairTax u will ever find in an interview." 

 Enjoyed seeing you and being in Nevada!
A great message from 
Great update from our SC State Director.  Read it here:  
During the debate I spoke about a North Dakota 3rd grader. Meet Reese: 

Did you miss my interview with Watch it on my website here: 
Great FairTax discussion with Watch it here:  
VIDEO from show: "Republicans want to help Americans achieve the maximum wage."  
Instead of stealing benefits from seniors, let's protect Social Security, preserve Medicare and keep our promises to seniors.
Americans shouldn't sacrifice their Social Security benefits so we can bailout irresponsible Washington politicians.
Why do GOP candidates support the IRS? Let’s pass the FairTax 
Thanks Jim Patterson! 
Good read re: record on spending:  - Team Huck
The first fruits of our treasury should always go to our Veterans.   
 Thank you!
 Keep fighting for our campaign and thank you for supporting us!
 you were generous with your comments on on other  candidates 
 "On this Veterans Day I can't think of anything more important to talk about than what we owe them"
 is only plan that truly rids Fed Gov't of IRS.  
Morning after the  - enjoyed talking about  specifics w/ on 
I'm the only GOP candidate to defeat the Clinton Machine...; I lived to tell about it!  
As President, I will...   
DC says: "Wall Street is too big to fail, ordinary Americans are too small to matter" ;   
Wouldn't trust to buy a car off Craigslist, let alone negotiate a trade deal that impacts 40% of our economy.  
As president, I'll enforce trade deals that grow America's economy, not China's.  
Only the  would completely eliminate the IRS! ;   
  and put the IRS on the chopping block:  
Humbled to meet WWII vet after  Thanks to him ; others for keeping us free.  
   
Instead of fighting over the minimum wage, let's empower every American to earn his or her maximum wage. 
You break the cycle of poverty and government dependency by giving Americans a hand-up, not a hand-out.  
  
The  spin room 
I will keep fighting for one reason...  
It's a long way from a little rent house in Hope to running for President...  
➡️    
America's veterans have kept their promises to us, we have not kept our promises to them.  
Who are the people getting gut-punched? It ain't Wall Street, it's Main Street!   
Wages for the bottom 90% have been stagnant for decades.  
  It would be nice if Americans could control what they pay in taxes.  
  If we get rid of all  we'd pay at the point of consumption. Why should we punish for productivity? …
The  is the best plan for economic growth in this country! ➡️    
Why should we punish people for their productivity?   
➡️    
  says it's time for other countries to step up in international affairs.  
  on Syrian refugees: "This admin. has not done anything to stop the slaughtering of Christians." 
As Governor, I balanced the state budget 10 years in a row.  
As Governor, I eliminated the marriage penalty.  
As Governor, I doubled the standard deduction for individuals, married couples, ; the childcare tax credit.  
I left the state of  with an almost $1 billion surplus - a state record.  
As Governor, I passed first broad-based tax cut in the history of the state  
As Governor, I cut taxes almost 100 times  
 You shouldn't have to pay the penalty because of an incompetent government.  
   
➡️     
➡️     
We have a tax code that has punished manufacturing. Let's pass the  ;   
Thanks to Noah and Michael for the tour of - you can never have too many guitars. 
Reminder:  is participating in the 7PM ET GOP Presidential Debate this evening. Please tune in!
Happy birthday   
This isn't complicated or complex. It's time for to wake-up:  cannot be trusted with a nuclear bomb.
We can only hope during his meeting w/ today, remembers what happens when the world waits, watches, ; wishes for the best.
77 yrs ago today Nazi leaders ordered the torching of Jewish storefronts ; synagogues across Germany on "The Night of Broken Glass."
God is good. Evil is evil. And  is our ally.
When will Obama defend Christians and defeat radical Islam? ; 
Thanks to for being a stand up guy. I may just wear another Trump tie for the debate!
Radical Islamic terrorism is a greater threat than a sunburn. (4/4)
Building the  is an absolute no-brainer, too bad has lost his mind. (3/4)
Why is more interested in satisfying radical liberals than creating tens of thousands of good-paying American jobs? (2/4)
Why is so obsessed with worshiping the gods of green energy and rejecting the  (1/4)
Enjoyed visiting w/ Aaron ; Melissa Klein. The Oregon bakery owners are heroes in the fight for  
Enjoyed chatting w/ on during the Freedom 2015 National Relgious Liberties Conf.  
Washington is stealing from seniors, punching American workers in the gut, ; bankrupting our kids ; grandkids. I refuse to let that stand.
We are months away from actual votes being cast and neither the pundits nor the press will decide this election, the people will.
I'm happy to debate anyone, anywhere, anytime.
Thankful to have the endorsement of Alabama's Secretary of State, 
I'm proud to officially be on the ballot in AL. Honored to have support from a friend ; great leader 
You don't negotiate with cancer, you kill it before it kills you first. (4/)
"Hope" is not a natl security strategy, ; it's time for this idealistic, incompetent White House to grow a spine ; some basic sense. (3/)
What will it take for to wake-up ; realize radical Islam is at war with the civilized world? (2/)
It's sick ; infuriating that  rats may have exploded this Russian passenger plane ; murdered 224 innocent people on board. (1/)
 thank you!
 thanks for joining us for the hunt; the long walks, the talks, your good humor and good shootin'. 
Please tune in to hear my interview w/ at 6:05 pm ET / 5:05 pm CT LISTEN LIVE: 
Watch my  interview w/ ➡️  
 Media Pick of the Week: Huckabee Takes on Whoopi Goldberg on Abortion" ;   
I look forward to being on show tonight at 10 pm ET / 9 pm CT re: 2016 ;  
Honored to officially be on the ballot in my home state of    
Congrats to the the 2015  champs. I admire a team that never gives up ; always finds a way to come back! 
  nails pheasant; says it's "as dead as Elvis":   
It was a beautiful day for pheasant hunting in Iowa with ; 
On a 9-day trip we ran out of clean clothes in Sioux City, IA. ; I finally found time!  
This Iowa pheasant hunt not approved by 
Meet Toba - the german short hair tasked w/ leading ; I on an opening day Iowa pheasant hunt. 
Whitewashing a fence is not the same as constructing one. (3/3)
Let's hope his plan is better conceived than his red line strategy or his spending $500 million to train four rebel fighters. (2/3)
The President has decided to send a few dozen special ops personnel to Syria. (1/3)
Campaigning in IA today w/ ; Stopped to see "Albert." Not afraid to photobomb a selfie. 
Cures to diseases, not cuts to  will save lives, families, ; our country from bankruptcy 
Enjoyed visiting w/ "You're electing a president to make the tough decisions in the face of crisis." 
It's a chilly morning here in Boulder, CO, but everything is  
If you want a candidate who can defeat I would appreciate your support ➡️   
I've spent a lifetime in politics fighting ; defeating the Clinton Machine! ⬇️   
 Huckabee on Social Security: "This is a matter not of math, but of morality"
 really strong on social security tonight.
 Strong Huckabee response.  
 Huckabee's pitch on stagnant wages is a reminder to blue-collar Iowa Rs: I'm still here, I'm speaking to you.
 Huck is absolutely right about the blimp
  Govt shouldn't wear team jerseys to pick winners, losers but wear a striped jersey, en…
 Huckabee wins the "only guy" debate 
 reminds audience that a cure strategy did away with polio in the 50s--people have better lives, and w…
I refuse to walk my five grandkids through the charred remains of a once great nation.   
"Abolishing" Medicare is not just unacceptable and unfair. It's un-American and insane!   
Telling seniors to "get over it" as you steal their EARNED benefits is not reform - it's THEFT!   
We don't have a healthcare crisis in America, we have a health crisis. Let's focus on cures, not cuts!   
If you saw the runaway  today, you saw our government...   
I'm only candidate on the  stage to defeat the Clinton Machine...; I lived to tell abt it! 
The permanent political class put Wall Street ; Washington elites first. They aren't fighting for American workers. 
Cures, not cuts, will transform American's lives!   
If the govt doesn't pay it, tell me what's different b/w the govt ; Bernie Madoff... ⬇️  
I'm shocked by GOP candidates who want to abolish Medicare, slash Soc. Sec., tell seniors to "get over it," ; cut their benefits! 
I can't believe GOP presidential candidates ; Congress think we should balance the federal budget on the backs of seniors. 
Telling seniors to "get over it" as you steal their EARNED benefits is not reform - it's THEFT!   
Medicare and Social Security are NOT entitlements. They are NOT welfare. They are EARNED benefits.  
This is not a matter of math, this is a matter of morality! ;    
➡️     
Instead of tinkering w/ tax code, we need a tax revolution that helps hard-working American ; eliminates the IRS.  
The flat tax PRESERVES the  Why do GOP candidates want to preserve the IRS? The IRS needs to be slashed, burned ; destroyed! 
As Governor, I balanced the budget every year. Learn more ;   
DC doesn't play by the same rules the American people have to play by! ;    
Ready to take the stage at tonight's  ➡️   
 ; sound check. Big thanks to all the police officers helping during  
It's ridiculous. Congress has relinquished the main tool we have to keep in check: money. Imagine what he'll do now! 
Why on EAH would GOP surrender reins of power to for next 15 months ; increase DC's credit card by $1.5 trillion? 
Some fussing over space backstage. I don't care about where I am backstage. I came to be ON STAGE!  
In CO getting ready for  dominates  pickup B-ball game.  
Instead of stealing benefits from seniors, let's protect Social Security, preserve Medicare and keep our promises to seniors. 
I have a better idea, let's reform the disability insurance program, which is full of endless waste, fraud ; abuse. 
This is typical Washington, like when ObamaCare raided $700 billion from the Medicare Trust Fund. 
Americans shouldn't sacrifice their Social Security benefits so we can bailout irresponsible Washington politicians.
Social Security is a promise to America's seniors-not a piggybank slush fund for Washington politicians. 
I wouldnt trust Obama to buy a car on Craigslist, yet many in GOP trust him to negotiate TPP trade deal. It's crazy! 
"Tinkering" our broken system w/ new tax credits, deductions, loopholes ; rates is NOT reform-its lipstick on a PIG! 
Many GOP presidential candidates are implementing Obamacare in their state. This is absolute hypocrisy! 
Some GOP candidates want to abolish Medicare, slash Soc. Sec., ; tell seniors to "get over it" ; cut their benefits. 
Watch Live: Q;A at Iowa Grassroots Coalition Summit.    
Early Sat. mornin' start @ R;R Café in Independence, IA. Visiting Waverly, ; Waterloo today.   
What will is take for the Obama Admin to enforce the law? Lois Lerner was caught red-handed ; she didn’t even get a slap on the wrist!
Americans are disgusted because we have one set of rules for law abiding citizens ; another set of rules for Washington insiders ; elites.
CLASSIC Clinton art: deny, deceive, distract, ; delay. Hillary can runout the clock, but she can't run from the truth! 
My take on the IRS: "The IRS is a criminal enterprise" by  
EXCLUSIVE: - should have talked w/ Amb.Stevens more than Bloomenthal  …
What we learned today...   
Local SC band knows how to fix problems in Congress. A  White House would mean "Takin' Care of Buisness." 
 What's doing at the "Wild Game Supper" tonight in Cherokee Co.?  He's..."Takin' Care of Business." 
Best way to feed 1,000+ hungry South Carolinians? The Cherokee Co.   dinner.   
 Folks in are "Getting the Scoop" w/ at this afternoon 
 coming clean to  seeming abt as likely as me getting a Che Guevara tattoo on small of my back! 
 giving candid assessment on  as likely as ; Rosie O'Donnell paddle-boating the Potomac together
You already sent me a copy of your book,   
Better odds: telling the truth in her  testimony or that Nigerian prince wiring me money? 
On the trail today but monitoring the  hearing. Still waiting for the truth from 
Rep. Cummings quoted me. Yes, I did say "warning calls from dying Americans" in  were ignored. Glad it's now in the record!
 - It's not about why Chris Stevens was IN  it's about why he wasn't rescued OUT!
Chris Stevens died, Hillary Clinton lied, and the Obama administration tried to cover it up. Time to tell the truth! 
 LIVE on  Q;A with 
"Huckabee lands the endorsement of Barb Heki, another prominent grassroots conservative activist..." ;  
 "Huckabee continues to piece together his 2008 caucus coalition" ;  
 will likely be the D nominee. I'm the only GOP candidate who defeated the Clinton Machine. Watch ⬇️
 Huckabee this week criticized GOPers proposing cuts to social security benefits. On Friday, he called out Kasich. 
 Huckabee this week criticized GOPers on social security. Last week, he called proposed cuts "an absolute absurdity." 
Race for Speaker is not about Paul Ryan or Kevin McCarthy, the American people are fed-up ; it's time for Washington to wake-up.
Race for Speaker is not about or - it's @ burning the corrupt D.C. machine to the ground ; rebuilding our country.
"The attitude of Washington has been, 'More soup for us, no soup for you.'"    
"Get over it"?  ;  recipients are about to get a gut punch!  
  Dear Republicans, keep your hands off Social Security  
Theft ; deceit are NOT American values ; most certainly NOT conservative principles.  
DC has done enough lying ; stealing. I refuse to let DC swindle our seniors ; sabotage Social Security ; Medicare. 
Sadly, the establishment elites treat Social Security ; Medicare like WELFARE benefits. They are EARNED benefits! 
What will it take for GOP in DC to keep their promise to America's seniors ; keep their hands off Social Security? 
My piece: Dear Republicans, keep your hands off Social Security ;  
If I'm president, I'm not going to do what a lot of the Republican candidates are talking about... 
Had a great time Church in Plano, TX w/ Pastor Graham for the Faith ; Freedom Coalition Pres. Forum. 
Humbled to be with so many today in Raleigh, NC at the "We Stand With God"  
A big thanks to the volunteers helping at the "We Stand With God" Rally in Raleigh, NC!  
 They've also ended the lives of millions of unborn babies. Here's to ending  destruction. 
 We had a lot of fun at  today! Thank you and for the great selfies 😊 
Happy 2nd birthday to our grandson, Huck! Papa ; Yaya love you! 
Currently w/ Ron Terwilliger talking  at the  Thanks for hosting. 
Had a blast playing "Pride of America" w/ my good friend ; extraordinary talent  
Amazing conversation w/ New Hampshire voters via segment: "Candidate Cafe" from Airport Diner in Manchester 
Had a blast driving a combine on the Maxwell family farm. For a country to remain free, it must feed itself. 
Soc. Sec. ; Medicare are NOT welfare. They're EARNED benefits. I'm the only GOP candidate for President that will NOT cut SS ; Medicare.
Makes me sick to my stomach that Congress gets an automatic pay raise while 70 million Americans go without Soc. Sec. increase next year.
Seniors deserve Soc. Sec. living increase! Food, meds ; Medicare costs rising. Any in DC who say otherwise are living on a different planet.
Unbelievable! 50% Medicare premium spike for seniors but Washington says NO to Social Security living increase? 
 embarrassing address today and his equally embarrassing Afghanistan strategy offer neither.
Afghanistan was the launching pad for the 9-11 attacks, ; the American people deserve justice, dignity ; closure.
How can we take seriously when he releases Taliban leaders from  punishes US troops who stop rapists, ; gives Bergdahl a pass?
Crisis-management, leading from behind, and "Hail Mary" diplomacy from is not a strategy for Afghanistan.
3,500+ American ; coalition forces died in Afghanistan ; our heroes deserve more than political pandering ; empty promises by
Great stops in Ft. Madison ; Mt. Pleasant this morning!   
 "Exclusive — Huckabee On 'Simply Bizarre' Democrat Debate: A 'Liberal Circus'" ➡️  
Great day on the trail in  5 events! A lot of good feedback ; discussion of important issues.  
 "One of the fundamental rights we have is to protect our lives, our families ; our homes,"   
Humbled ; honored by the overflow crowds @ the Pizza Ranch in Ottumwa,  this morning!  
 "The best part about the  was watching debate herself,"  
Poor liberals think it's racist to deplore a brutal dictatorship.  
Marijuana question appropriate. Democrats smoking it if they think their policies will save this country.  
➡️    
I pledge to oppose amnesty ; government benefits for illegal immigrants who violated our laws. ;  
The Democrat plan: Give amnesty AND  to illegal immigrants. 
 free college Ponzi scheme would make Bernie Madoff blush. 
  defense is as believable as Tonya Harding in a deposition.  
 is a charter member of the Washington-Wall Street elite.  
I trust with my tax dollars like I trust a North Korean chef with my labrador! 
Racism exists because we have a sin problem in America, not a skin problem. 
ALL lives matter. It's time we stop burning cars, shooting cops, ; recognize that life is a gift from God. 
Black lives matter because ALL lives matter. Haven't we learned from history? 
 - It's not about your emails, it's about you hiding the truth @ the expense of our national security. 
 - You may not want to talk about your emails, but you're not above the law. 
 - Hard Choices: Transparency Should Not Have Been One of Them   
 truly believes the law does not apply to her. 
I repeat...  
If only was as passionate about protecting American diplomats as she is about blasting the GOP.  
Wake up, You know who else was "burning up the phone lines begging for help"...  
  
Where did get these State Dept accomplishment talkers? Baghdad Bob? 
 doesn't exercise judgement, she follows polls. 
Oh please. Putin's rolling the foreign policy like Chinese tanks in Tiananmen Square. 
    
I pledge to defend our  rights ; oppose gun control legislation ;    
 is proud to be to the left of on the  Unbelievable.   
Why is it a negative in a Democrat primary to try to establish law ; order in a violent city?  
 socialist math is as solid and sound as El Chapo’s prison security. 
Hard Choices: Protecting American Workers Should Not Have Been One of Them    
They believe climate change is a greater threat than Islamic extremism, that a sunburn is worse than a beheading. It's nonsense! 
 - Any last-minute hairstyle advice for before he takes the stage @   
At  Hillary will demonstrate her high level of intelligence by managing to remember, on every issue, the side she's currently on.
I have a better idea: kill  save Social Security, protect Medicare ; pass the  ;  
Why should our grandkids be enslaved with more debt because Washington refuses to balance the budget?  
Why should seniors be robbed of the benefits our government forced them to pay for?  
Greatly concerned abt reports of DC GOP leadership negotiating a deal w/ Obama to raise debt ceiling, cut Social Security, ; raid Medicare.
I will be in  tomorrow, Wed, ; Thur. Hope to see you there! ;   
Watch my response to book stunt ;  
I will be on w/ guest host at 9:10 pm ET / 8:10 pm CT. Tune in!  
Hard Choices: Protecting American Workers Should Not Have Been One of Them     (6/6)
Hard Choices: Accepting Foreign Donations Should Not Have Been One of Them   (5/6)
Hard Choices: Transparency Should Not Have Been One of Them   (4/6)
Hard Choices: Hiding From the American People Should Not Have Been One of Them   (3/6)
Hard Choices: Saving American Lives Should Not Have Been One of Them    (2/6)
 sent me her book-"Hard Choices"-as a reminder of her "record of accomplishment". It reminded me of her real record... (1/6)
 Don't miss: on at 8:45 am CT re: failed leadership, border tour ; debate 
More pics from my tour of the border near San Diego this morning w/ Duncan Hunter. We must secure our border. 
San Diego apprehensions of illegals have dropped from 480K to 30K per year due to a segment of border fence. 
The fence @ San Diego/Tijuana corridor reduced  by 95%. I'm seeing it first-hand this morning. 
I am touring the border near San Diego with Duncan Hunter this morning. 
 "It's Time to Choose...Let's Choose the Best!" by Pastor Mark Harris. 
I'll be on the on tonight at 8 pm ET/7 pm CT re securing the border. Tune in! 
My piece: "Why is Obama more eager to politicize victims in Oregon than reduce violence in America?" ; 
Grateful to spend time this evening with a wonderful friend and mentor Dr. James Robison. 
 Washington is a strip club. Burn the corrupt political machine to the ground ; rebuild America. 
It's time to elect a speaker who will lead Congress and do what we conservatives sent them there to accomplish. (5/)
Because they're beholden to Wall Street, K-Street ; the donor class. (4/)
We all fought hard to elect conservatives to Congress, but the campaign promises made weren't kept... (3/)
It's about burning the corrupt Washington political machine to the ground and rebuilding our country so America can win again. (2/)
The race for Speaker of the House is not about Kevin McCarthy… (1/)
  on re: Obama foreign policy "This has been one failure after another, b/c he was not rea…
  on re:  weak foreign policy: "If America fails, freedom fails. We cannot have that…
 Please don't miss: on w/ at 9:40 am ET / 8:40 am CT re: 2016 race 
 I can't wait to read your followup to “Hard Choices," "Hard Realities: Someone Should've Answered the Phone." 
  tells Urbandale workers his tax plan will bring back manufacturing jobs  
Had a great time visiting w/ folks who work for Quality Manufacturing Corporation in Des Moines,   
There are some things in Washington we need to burn down. Read more here -; 
 sent me her book to remind me of her "record of accomplishment". Speaking of her book ; reminders... 
Great day so far in   
Sign my petition to get rid of the  and pass the  ; 
Read about why I support the  ;  We must abolish the 
Read my op-ed in today's "Why do GOP candidates support the IRS? Let's pass the   
Our team hopes to see you on the trail this week in  More info ;   
When negotiating with foreign countries, the Obama Admin gets rolled like sushi.  Asian trade deal is a punch in the gut to US workers.
Janet and I are praying for those impacted by the terrible flooding in South Carolina.  Please stay safe.
To learn more about this terrible tragedy visit 
Please pray this morning for the wife and 6 month old son of the fallen police officer Greg Alia who was killed this week.
I'll be on w/ tonight at 10 pm ET / 9 pm CT. Tune in! 
Obama can shamelessly try and exploit any tragedy he wants, but it's clear that gun free zones are sitting duck zones. 
There were 50 shootings in Chicago the past two weekends, and this administration failed to utter a word. Why? 
Gun violence is a problem in this country, but it's not the 2nd Amendment’s fault. It's fault of evil people doing evil things. 
With few facts, Obama is quick to politicize this tragedy to advance his liberal, anti-gun agenda. 
My prayers are with everyone in Oregon. May the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, guard your hearts.
An update from the studio! Check it out ⬇️
I had an amazing time at in Muscle Shoals, AL this morning! 
Let's burn down the corrupt Washington political machine ; rebuild America before it’s too late ➡️   (11/)
Pass a balanced budget amendment. I did it for 10 years as gov despite facing the most Democrat legislature in America. Why can’t DC? (10/)
End the Department of Education. Education is a family function, not a federal one. Kill Common Core and restore common sense. (9/)
Stop raiding Social Security. Washington has done enough lying and stealing. It's your money, not the government's. (8/)
Abolish the IRS and pass the  Enough tinkering with the tax code to benefit Washington elites, we need a tax revolution. (7/)
Require Congress to get healthcare from VA. No American vet will ever rot ; die again if they're waiting in line alongside a Senator. (6/)
No pay for political campaigning. Resign if you decide to run for an office other than the one you currently hold. (5/)
No budget, no pay for the President or Congress. If the President or Congress won’t do their job, they don’t get paid. (4/)
Lifetime ban on lobbying for members of Congress. Going to Washington should not be a career. (3/)
Term Limits for Congress and judges. Do your service and return home. (2/)
My plan to transform Washington and transfer power back to the people... (1/)
Read my column: "America needs a leader, not a loser" ;  
Read my plan to transform Washington ; transfer power back to the people: "America needs a leader, not a loser" ➡️ 
Let's burn down the corrupt Washington political machine ; rebuild America before it's too late. Watch⬇️ 
Washington = a strip club. The political class dances for the donor class ; the working class gets stuck w/ the tab!
We're less than 1 hour away from our midnight deadline. Will you help? We need 6 more Twitter donors ;  
1.5 hrs left to help us reach our goal! We need 14 more Twitter donors. Will you help? ;  
Only 3.5 hrs left to get your signed guitar! ➡️   
I'll be on w/ on tonight around 9:45 pm ET / 8:45 pm CT. Be sure to tune in! 
Do you want a president who fights for  ; ends  Donate before 12 AM ;  
Help us meet our goal by midnight tonight! ;  
It may just be visit that pushes out of touch political class in DC to reject judicial tyranny ; stand for 
The media mocked ; derided millions of Americans who supported  constitutional right to 
 recognized something the DC/Wall Street chattering class will never understand -  followed her conscience ; convictions.
While the media elites were slobbering b/c commented on climate change, he held a quiet ; powerful meeting w/ a humble KY clerk.
Donate $350 or more before midnight tomorrow ; receive a signed guitar! ;   
 supports this nuclear deal that surrenders to Iran. How can she defend that?  
 has been pretty unfair to unborn babies. They engage in savage and uncivilized behavior. 
We need to eliminate the tax code ; the IRS. The best tax reform plan is the 
Harvesting human organs to be sold like brake pads for a Buick is beyond barbaric, it's immoral, grotesque, ; evil. 
 isn’t a "healthcare provider" any more than  was a "spontaneous protest". 
300k vets died waiting for healthcare, but Congress pumps $500 million into  each year. Talk about priorities.
 performs 327,000 abortions per year. Sorry, this is NOT healthcare.
Honored to have Gov. Sonny Perdue ; Congressman John Linder on our GA team ;  
 ; leading our strong TN team ;  
Thankful to have U.S. Rep. Charles Taylor ; Pastor Mark Harris leading our NC team ;  
Leading our AR team: ;  
ICYMI "Huckabee Announces Leadership Teams in AR, GA, TN ; NC" ➡️  
Proud to release our strong leadership teams in    ;  ;  
   building a southern firewall"  
Having a great day in  w/ Chuck Norris! Thankful to have his wife ; him on our team.  
Did you miss my Values Voter Summit speech this afternoon? You can watch it here ;   
I've heard enough speeches in America! I want some real leadership to change America!  
I enjoyed speaking @  a few minutes ago. What a great crowd!  
 Huck gets a standing ovation from  when he says: "People like Kim Davis will never ever go to jail one minute if I'…
 Huckabee definitely offers most thorough defense of right to life so far at  Ties life defense to due process clau…
Standing ovation for as he leaves stage at 
 " and people like her, will not go to jail for one minute if I'm President."  
 "I've read the Constitution...the Courts cannot make a law."  
 "As President we will invoke the 5th and 14th Amendments. We will protect human life!"  
 "It is a person!"  
 "As President I will raise this question, 'Is this unborn child a person or just a blob of tissue?'"  
 "I've heard enough speeches in America, I want some real leadership to change America!"  
 "Simply making a speech is not leadership!"  
 "I say it's time to quit taking another punch in the gut and give this government a kick in the butt!"  
 "The bottom 90% of Americans have had stagnant wages for 40 consecutive years."  
 "I've lived the American dream - I didn't just read about it."  
 re Repubs in DC: "They're not doing anything differently in the majority than they did in the minority"  
  at  "I want to come to Washington to burn down which is corrupt ; build up our constitutional gov't"
 "You can't fight corruption if you don't take it out of the body; it's a cancer."  
 "When I got into office...I had the most lopsided legislature in the country."  
 "I was only the 4th Republican elected in 150 years."  
 "I know something about the Clintons, b/c I've been fighting them my entire career."  
  "let's approve the Keystone Pipeline and get Americans a pay raise" 
Re opposing  "One more gut punch" to the working class  
Miss the intro video @  Watch below ⬇️ 
About to go onstage @  ;   
"Israel loves - Arthur Ally  
I'm taking the stage at  in just a few minutes. You can watch live here ;  
 
 Don't miss: on show on  tonight at 9 pm CT re:  visit
Want to alert you to my letter to You'll be hearing more about this. Will you stand w/ me?  
 I had a great time @ Must Ministries in Canton,   
I enjoyed meeting with Dr. James Dobson this morning.​ does great work. 
Do you stand with Pope Francis? Register your opinion here -;   
 Actions speak louder than words, Mr. President ;    
Driving through SC last night ; we refused to take this left. We took a right and headed toward "Prosperity." 
  ; Chair kicking off the Presidential Forum at the 
Thrilled for our campaign to be on the ballot in  Thanks to for joining me.  
America's workers shouldn’t get punched in gut w/ another job-killing mandate b/c is running circles around
In America, we should never allow socialists the power to determine our destiny or destroy our economy.
Buried amidst  fanfare, sudden  opposition makes clear she's running scared from
 Huckabee: Obama made pope's visit a 'cattle call for gay and pro-abortion activists'  | AP 
I'm not a Catholic, but as a Christian and American I believe deserves much better. And so do the American people. 
 bowed to a Saudi King ; a Japanese Emperor. Why no respect for ; Catholics?My op-ed ➡️  
Obama Admin respected Bin Laden's dead body under Muslim tradition. Why no respect for Pope ; Catholics?  
I welcome to America ; offer my apologies that will not offer him the warm, respectful welcome he deserves 
 insults more than just w/ guest list. Read my new op-ed ➡️   
I'll be on w/ tonight, at 9:30 PM ET/8:30 PM CT, re visit to the White House. Tune in!  
Janet and I wish Tonette and him all the best as he continues to lead the people of Wisconsin. (3/3)
I commend him for his courage to step into the difficult presidential arena. He entered the race w/ honor ; left w/ honor ; grace. (2/3)
Re Gov. Walker's decision: As difficult a decision as it is to start a run for president, it's even more challenging to stop the race. (1/3)
Why is it that goes to extremes to accommodate Muslim terrorists but shows nothing but disdain for Christians? 
 show of disrespect for is a new low for an admin that will go down as most anti-Christian in American history 
Classless decision by to transform visit into a politicized cattle call is an insult to millions of Catholics 
 had a great weekend in Iowa talking issues with  voters. 
  on - "We shouldn't be punishing people for productivity, that's why I support the 
Enjoyed speaking @ the  Faith ; Freedom Coalition event this weekend!   
If you're ever in Greenfield,  be sure to stop by The Corner. Thanks to for joining us.  
Great to be back in  this weekend!  
 so proud 2 work on  campaign.bring honor ; civility 2 mud sling …
 "If I were willing to trash someone, I would have gotten more time" on 
   
ICYMI: Most dangerous person in any room is person who doesn’t know what he doesn't know. cc 
ICYMI: What else is it other than the criminalization of her faith?   
ICYMI:  got elected by telling everybody how great the American people were.  
 thank you!
 thank you!
 thank you!
 Huckabee: "The most dangerous person in the room is the person who doesn't know what he doesn't know." 
 scoring points with conservatives on what his litmus test for judges would be.
 Huckabee good answer on “cures” vs treatment. 
 Great answer on finding cures for Cancer, diabetes 
 has a very natural way to disarm his critics.  Now gets to focus on key issue for him in a state like Iowa.…
 Huckabee is making really good points about faith.
 Huckabee super effective here, and picking up Evangelical support in the early primary states as we speak.
 Huckabee really capable of excellent moments. Good debater.
 a winner tonight.statesman-like answers on religious liberty,Iran,Taxes,judges,etc    …
 big field last night but the Gov hit every question he got out the ball park. 
 Winners tonight:   
   is a deal made with a bunch of madmen...you don't help load a gun that is pointed at your own hea…
 got elected by telling everybody how great the American people were.  
Most dangerous person in any room is person who doesn’t know what he doesn’t know. cc  
What else is it other than the criminalization of her faith?    
Help me take America from Hope to Higher Ground! ;   
  clear winner tonight on  judges,  ; nat sec.  
 Huckabee: "I believe the next president ought to declare a war on cancer, heart disease, diabetes, and Alzheimer's." 
 Winners tonight: (Duck Hunter); (Secretariat); ; (Humble)   
 
 I loved Huckabee saying “Hey, libs always impose litmus tests. Why can’t we?” Got to start putting it back in their face…
 Huckabee on FairTax!
  on  nominees.  
 Thanks for coming back to  on altered intelligence reports.   
 scotus test: support 4 life, 1st amendt, religious freedom, 2nd amendment, equal protection under the law, 10…
  said he would have litmus test for judges that included being  
  we can't afford another 8 years of someone in office who doesn't know what he doesn't know. 
The next President must have Executive experience  
The most dangerous person in the room is always the one who doesn't know what they don't know.  
 Is it just me or does sound the most like Ronald Reagan?   
You kill ISIS like you'd kill a rattlesnake. Step 1: Grab a shotgun. Step 2: Blow it’s head off. 
We underestimate the radical nature of the animals who run the terrorist state of Iran.  
  stays above the fray, channels Reagan, offers positive vision for America 

Are you ready to abolish the  once-and-for-all? Then support our campaign ;    
 uses the precious time he is given wisely, identifies with Americans who are struggling to make ends meet…
Join the fight to abolish the IRS    
The FairTax is the ONLY plan that eliminates our 75,000 page tax code and abolishes the IRS once-and-for-all! 
Why do we punish hard work and reward irresponsibility? We need to abolish the IRS and pass the FairTax.  
 understands magnitude of Iranian threat ; Pres Obama’s agreement w/ Iran is based on naïveté ; bad policy…
 Winners so far: Fiorina, Huckabee. Losers: Bush, Trump.
Pledge to oppose amnesty ; govt benefits for illegal immigrants who violated our laws.   
We are a nation of immigrants, but we are also a nation of laws.  
 Huckabee makes a great case for religious accommodation.  
 handled that whole thing with a lot of skill.  Well played.
Without a secure border, nothing matters. 
 Huckabee on fire again! And he’s right! HC 

We must fight for  and end Judicial Tyranny!   
 Huckabee is BRINGING IT on Religious Freedom. Well done, sir.
 And poll numbers just went up after that  response!  
 Boom! crushed it on the  question!
Appalled @ our govt's willingness to accommodate religious beliefs of all religions, but Christianity. 
 Huckabee nails it on Iran.
“Never Again” will be the policy of my Administration towards aggression against Israel. 
  Obama treats Iran Deal like Magna Carta, Iranians treat it like it is toilet paper.  
  Iran Deals threatens Israel immediately, it threatens Middle East and America.  
  
We must show resolve to prevent Russia from repeating their annexation formula used in Georgia and Ukraine.  
The permanent political class put Wall Street and Washington elites first. They aren't fighting for American workers. 
I'm the only  candidate who has consistently defeated the  lived to tell about it! 
 makes splash in opening with humor, calling 11 candidates A-Team with 'Mr. T' not afraid to call peop…
 Getting ready for the  at the spectacular Reagan Library.    
Remember to tune in tonight at 8 pm ET/7 pm CT for the  Be sure to use  to show your support!
 Team huck ready for tonight   
It's time we end the scourge of abortion in America:     
It’s time we stop these senseless, sinful killings that deprive life and liberty from unborn persons. ; 
Our Constitution guarantees a right to life – not a right to kill babies. ;  
Congress neglects our veterans, abandons our borders ; bankrupts our children, but somehow finds plenty of money for the abortion industry.
Defunding Planned Parenthood is not enough. Read my op-ed here -;  
 
A new CBS/NYT national poll has us in 3rd place! Chip-in $16 to help us continue the momentum!  
 Agree 100%! 
 thank you for standing with our campaign!
  in top 3 in national poll released today. 
 In Tucson standing next to a Saguaro Cactus. Shallow root structure ; need a lot of hot air - might grow well in DC! htt…
 hah!
 thank you!
Back in AR for debate prep ; some babysitting. 5 grandkids under 5 - ; I thought running for president was hard work! 
I wish he and Anita the best.
While we will miss his voice on the campaign trail, his leadership and legacy as one of America’s finest governors will remain with us.
 is a friend, patriot, and humble public servant.
 
May we  where we stood, what we felt ; why it happened. Today we cherish the heroes, remember victims ; pray for their families.
We honor the victims by NEVER forgetting lessons of that horrific day ; recommitting ourselves to keeping Americans safe. 
You cannot defeat an enemy you refuse to name. America needs a president who will defeat the evil forces of radical Islam. 
On September 11, 2001 evil madmen changed our world forever. May we NEVER forget. We must do whatever it takes to keep Americans safe.
Taxpayers shouldn't have to pay millions more for 50 employees of the State Department to clean up Hillary's email mess.
Syria's refugee crisis raging ; America’s standing getting weaker, but State Dept can’t do its job because Hillary broke the law.
Hillary should reimburse taxpayers for the 50 State Department employees that have been reassigned to sift through her private emails.
 Keep spreading the word!
 Good for Huckabee and the Americans who support    
 I enjoyed meeting with so many great Republican women in North Carolina this week  
"I'm more happy to stand w/  than I am w/ any of those snobs who look down their nose at her." 
Thoughts,   
 thank you!
 thanks for your support!
 thanks for spreading the word about our campaign and this important issue!
 thank you!
This is long from over. We have to stand up for what's right! ;   
Will we cont to pretend as though  is the "Supreme Branch" w/ authority ; ability to make laws?  
Appalled @ our govt's willingness to accommodate religious beliefs of all religions, but Christianity ;  
"If somebody needs to go to jail, I'm willing to go in her place. And I mean that." Watch ⬇️  
Proud to stand with 4,000+ patriots @ the " Liberty Rally"   
Will we cont to pretend as though  is the "Supreme Branch" w/ authority ; ability to make laws?   
Read my column ➡️     
Watch our " Liberty Rally" live from Grayson, KY right now ;   
I was honored to meet w/  A woman of such strong faith and conviction.   
 should have never been locked-up for being a Christian and for following her conscience and the law.  
I have arrived @ the Carter County Detention Center ; am meeting with   
Read my column ➡️     
I refuse to sit silently as our Constitution is torched ; the courts violate our fundamental rights ;   
Appalled @ our govt's willingness to accommodate religious beliefs of all religions, but Christianity ;  
  Exercising  should never be a crime in America  
  up w/ new op-ed "Release  ahead of his  rally today in KY 
    
 Thank you for standing with  
 Thanks for signing!
 thank you! 
  takes a backseat to no one when it comes to social issues" Carl Cameron this morning on
 Thanks for tweeting!
 Huckabee nails the 'settled law' argument against Kim Davis   
"Must release  Her right to  has been grossly violated." My op-ed:  
Hope to see you @ the " Liberty Rally" tomorrow, at 3 PM ET, in Grayson, KY!   
What respect for fed authority?  [said]...no San Fran employee will help with immigration enforcement." - SF Chronicle, 4/22/07
 decision to permit same-sex marriages...created a month-long carnival of civil disobedience inside...City Hall" - WaPo (3/3)
 "The California Family Code states that marriage is a union between a man and a woman." - SF Chronicle, 2/15/04 (2/3)
 What law on KY books re marriage did  break? You, on other hand, broke CA law. (1/3)
"In 2004... allowed city hall to grant marriage licenses to gay couples, an act of civil disobedience..." - Newsweek, 1/16/09
 pledges to make SF a sanctuary for illegal immigrants" - SF Chronicle, 4/22/07
"It was only his 12th day as mayor of San Francisco, but decided...he was going to defy California law." - SF Chronicle 2/15/04
 Mike Huckabee: Gavin Newsom Ignored The Law, Nothing Happened, But Conservatives Go To Jail:  
"Huckabee Schools Stephanopoulos On  - ⬇  
 GOP candidate defends  warns about surrendering to 'judicial tyranny.' 
 Former Gov. Mike Huckabee: Jailed Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis is fighting 'judicial tyranny.' 
100,000 people have signed in 1st 48 hrs, standing w/  Will you? ➡️   
I hope to see you on Tuesday in Grayson,      
That time has come! ➡️     
I'll be joined @ the " Liberty Rally" by of ; others.  
I'm holding an " Liberty Rally" on Tue, Sept 8 @ 3 PM ET. Carter County Detention Ctr in Grayson, KY.  
We must defend  ; never surrender to judicial tyranny!    
    
Five, unelected Supreme Court lawyers did not and cannot make law. They can only make rulings.   
We must defend  and never surrender to judicial tyranny ;   
This reckless, appalling, out-of-control decision undermines the Constitution ; our fundamental right to  
Proud of  for standing strong for her beliefs. Who's next? Pastors? Photogs? Caterers? Florists?  
Exercising  should never be a crime in America ;    
 in jail for not issuing same-sex wedding licenses. Why aren't San Fran officials in jail for ignoring immigration law? 
 
I'm headed to Kentucky on Tuesday to stand with  We must end the criminalization of Christianity! 
What a world, where Hillary Clinton isn't in jail but  is. 
Kim Davis in federal custody removes all doubts about the criminalization of Christianity in this country. We must defend 
Happy to be at today for the Conservative Leadership Project Forum hosted by my good friend 
 A short bit from our brand new video on the  
Life on the road can be a blast, especially w/ a rockin'  Great way to start the morning in SC. 
 Please don't miss on w/ ; Thurs at 7:20 am ET / 6:20 am CT re: 2016 race
 he has a plan     
     ; against 
 She's not a mommy-blogger, published author, or a rock-star speaker. Kim Davis just rocks a jumper and goes straight beas…
No man - and certainly no unelected lawyer - has the right to redefine the laws of nature or of nature's God.
I stand w/ Kim Davis ; Americans of faith under attack by Washington elites who have nothing but disdain for our faith ; the Constitution.
Congress made no law allowing same sex marriage. Kim doesn't have Constitutional authority to issue marriage license to homosexual couples.
I spoke with Kim Davis to offer my prayer ; support. She is showing more courage ; humility than most federal office holders in Washington.
 thank you!
Under this deal, a genocidal regime that chants 'Death to America' will be allowed to 'self-inspect' its own nuclear facilities. 
 thank you!
  has the experience, temperament and moral clarity to fix Washington. That's why   ht…
 Thanks for standing with our team!
Weakness from the Obama Admin on Iran is expected. Why Congress is allowing Obama to cave to the Ayatollahs is another matter. 
Iran has killed hundreds of American soldiers. It shouldn't take a mushroom cloud for the American people to wake-up! 
Never in the history of international agreements have Americans agreed to something so reckless as military 'self-inspections.' 
Iranian negotiators have squeezed every last concession from this Admin ; the Free World has absolutely nothing to show for it. 
What is the purpose of Senators ; Congressmen if our POTUS can pass an international agreement opposed by 60% of Congress? 
Another stop in South Carolina, another awesome crowd of great people. Thanks, Hilton Head!  
So happy to be back in South Carolina today! Starting early in Beaufort then to Hilton Head, Bluffton ; finishing up in Walterboro. 
Starting a full day of campaigning in beautiful Beaufort, SC.  State Director riding shotgun 
Great first stop in Beaufort, SC this morning!  
Hillary Clinton truly believes the law does not apply to her.  
  
Hillary is hallucinating if she thinks the American people don’t deserve answers ; flat out wrong if she thinks we’re not going to get them.
Hillary unloaded a dump truck full of new emails ; we know one thing for certain: Hillary Clinton believes the law does not apply to her.
Headed to second stop at "Johnnie B’s” in Wapello, IA.  
Thank you,  
Awesome first event in Washington,  Real convo about real issues:    
Thankful to meet Joanne @ 1st stop in Washington,  Humbled to hear she walked 5 blocks ; arrived 1 hour early. 
Finished strong in Williamsburg,  last night. First stop today is Washington, IA...not DC. Thankfully! 
Sick of Washington establishment. 
Supports Fair-Tax, despises IRS.  Sign my Fair-Tax petition here ; 
Supports our ally Israel.  If you are a supporter of Israel, click here ; 
Committed defender of Life 
 Please join and for this great event on Thursday! 
Govt can build a massive sea wall to keep out waves from the ocean but we can't build a wall to keep out waves of illegals? 
New Orleans sea wall has segments with more concrete than Hoover Dam ; 8x steel of Eiffel Tower. We CAN build a wall at Southern border.
It's an honor our 1st stop today is VFW Post 2537 in Tipton, IA. Janet ; I are meeting so many who want to go from hope to higher ground.
Janet ; I are excited to be back in  today!!! Early start ; hitting several stops: Tipton, Vinton, Toledo ; Williamsburg. 
I will be on w/ guest host tonight at 10 pm ET / 9 pm CT. Tune in! 
"Mike said, 'People first, paperwork later. Don't treat these people like boxes.'" - ⬇️ 
We had way too much fun at the  Rock 'n' Roll Museum yesterday 🎤  
(3/3) Let's use this week's economic scare as wake-up. Time to cast establish thinking aside ; get tough w/  
(2/3) 1) Rebuild the military 2) Stand unapologetically for Chinese democracy 3) Push back against Chinese cheating
(1/3) I'll overhaul our  strategy in three main respects...
Read my op-ed: "Our Political Class Failed On  Time To Get Tough" ; 
 VIDEO: feeds some 1yr old ravenous rainbow trout at the Decorah, Iowa Fish Hatchery.  
Amazing day campaigning in NW  Started in Spencer @ Sisters Main Street Cafe. Thanks for the window treatment! 
ICYMI exclusive: "Pastor Terry Amann throws his support behind Huckabee" ;   
 in "Mike Huckabee lands Aaron Trost as  director"  
 ENDORSEMENT: "Pastor Amann has made his decision...he told that he was ready to back 
Great time in  so far this week. Stops in Waterloo, Elkader, West Union, Decorah, ; Waukon.  
 "Poll: Mike Huckabee Takes Second To Donald Trump" ;   
Janet ; I are heartbroken by the deaths of journalists Alison Parker ; Adam Ward. Praying for everyone affected by this tragedy.
"Huckabee criticizes China, trade deals after market drop"  
 Thanks, Tommy! Appreciate the hard work you do for the people of SC ; I look forward to seeing you soon as well.
(5/5) The  will bring trillions of $ in offshore investment ; manufacturing back to the U.S., growing our econ ; creating good jobs.
(4/5) As President, I'll implement the  to let workers keep their entire paycheck.
(3/5) It's time to build America's economy, not China's or Mexico's, ; quit importing cheap labor ; exporting jobs overseas.
(2/5) Sadly, the chickens are now coming home to roost for the Obama administration and its failed economic policies.
(1/5) You don't build a strong economy by empowering Washington-Wall Street elites at the expense of American workers on Main Street.
 Please don't miss on w/ guest host re: Meeting w/  and 2…
God bless these heroes ;  
Auditioned for waiting for a call back! 
 Have you seen the  videos? They're called babies. 
 is a Churchill in a world full of Chamberlains. Sign my thank you note to him ;  
Back from Israel ; in NYC. Snapped a quick selfie during my ride. Will be on @ 9 PM ET on 
My op-ed in the "Time for regime change in Iran" ;   
Don't miss on Talk about how we first met! ;  
  "The not-so-secret weapon of a candidate's campaigning spouse" ;  
Most people I've met in  ask the same thing, 'Why does Obama trust Iran and its evil Ayatollahs?" 
The  will unleash a new wave of deadly Iranian-backed terrorism throughout the world. It must be stopped.
The  poses a direct threat to Israel ; will trigger a nuclear arms race across the Middle East.
  on from Israel - Dem senators oppose  b/c it's catastrophic 
It was an honor to meet with my friend while in Jerusalem.  May God bless him and our ally Israel. 
I had a good meeting with in Jerusalem.  He is a Churchill in a world full of Chamberlains.
  from Israel on to re:  - "There are dangers in our capitulation to Iran…
  on w/ - "We can secure the border if we have a president who makes that a priori…
  on w/ "We're focusing on organization and structure in Iowa and SC." 
 Up next: from Israel on w/ re:  
Update from  ⬇️
 "Huckabee unveils impressive Iowa team"  
I'm in  discussing the horrible ; dangerous  I commend for his opposition to this destructive agreement.
  in Israel for meetings on the  
In Israel for meetings about the disastrous  look who I ran into! Great to see my friend 
 "On the move: Mike Huckabee is off to Israel, the Iran deal on his mind" 
 Had a wonderful time packing boxes @ Harvest Hope Food Bank in Columbia, SC today 
 "Huckabee announces  leadership team" ;  
 "Huckabee To Travel To Israel As He Rolls Out Campaign Infrastructure In Early States"  
Grassroots momentum! "Team Huck" will power us through the key early states of IA ; SC ;  
Grassroots momentum! Learn more about Team Huck South Carolina ;   
Grassroots momentum! Learn more about Team Huck Iowa ;   
Our powerful "Team Huck" will power us through the key early states of IA ; SC!   
  will be live on  this Sunday to talk 2016 and more- watch at 9a and 12p ET. 
The  is a criminal enterprise ; must be abolished! Let's pass the  ;   
Enjoyed being at the  this week!    
From Hope to Higher Ground  
John Wayne ; I have a message for politicians raiding  on its 80th b-day. Watch ⬇️  
Check out all our campaign gear here ;  
 Bummed I missed out. We'll certainly have to make that happen!
ICYMI: My  speech @ the  today ;  
Our  team got to meet the awesome 
 = welfare program, Medicare ; SS aren't! It's morally wrong to rob seniors of the benefits govt promised. 
 really enjoyed seeing our good friend Wendy at the  today! 
Shocked Republicans are implementing  ; demanding seniors surrender EARNED SS ; Medicare benefits ; 
Had a great time at the  Enjoyed speaking on the   
We have an immigration crisis on our hands. Without a secure border, nothing matters. ; 
Read my op-ed in today's "Don’t cut benefits America’s seniors already paid for" ;   
Do you support the  ; 
It's a great morning in Des Moines!!! ; I are about to head to the 
Sign my petition to Kill Common Core and restore common sense. -;  
Another outstanding day campaigning across Iowa! The strategy is in full effect as we're getting closer to all 99 counties.
The  campaign continues today in Waukee. Headed to the Pizza Ranch now. Join us for a 
From the Road Update: Are you as big of a John Wayne fan as Watch ⬇️
Tune in to radio! I'm about to discuss the horribly dangerous  As President, I will protect America and Israel!
Awesome crowd at the Northside Café’ in Winterset. Amazing questions. You've gotta love Iowa's place in the election process. 
Just finished an inspiring pastors meeting in Des Moines. Up next is Winterset for a Huckabee Huddle at the Northside Cafe'. 
Iowa, North Carolina, Arkansas, ; now Missouri. The list continues to grow!   
We need a tax revolution that helps every hard-working American and eliminates the IRS once and for all. -; 
Thank you Tricia! Add your voice to 10,000+ supporter endorsements:   
After staring the day in Davenport - we're headed to  for a Pastor's Forum. Great weather - hard to believe it's August. 
Excited to begin the campaign schedule today in  w/ the Scott County Republican Lincoln Club. Thanks for having me! 
As President, I will lead with moral clarity. Chip in $10 or more today! -; 
 Great crowd at the Huddle in Manchester, Iowa   
I will be on today at 4:30 pm ET / 3:30 pm CT LIVE from Maquoketa, Iowa  
Really hate missing my events in Iowa while I am held up in Atlanta airport.
Sitting in Atlanta airport since last night trying to get to Iowa events.  Waiting on Delta to fix a broken plane.
You can see our Iowa events here: 
Sorry we had to postpone 1st event in Independence but our flight was canceled due to weather. The rest of IA schedule should be fine!
   is bad because Obama leading from behind   
Higher education, like K-12, is a state function, not a federal one. And Governors can deal with this far better than
Most imptly, we must grow our economy b/c if our children ; grandchildren can't find good-paying jobs, everything else=political theater.
We must stop overlooking the importance of trade schools and reject a one-sized-fits-all college plan for every American.
We must hold colleges that saddle students with mountains of debt accountable.
(2/2) ...$350 billion in new government spending is no way to solve a college debt crisis that is crushing American families.
(1/2) While proposes government bailouts for states, government handouts for schools and band-aides for irresponsibility...
Very grateful for our campaign's straw poll  win at the 8th District GOP Fish Fry in Perry, GA. Thank you Georgia!
I may differ with Chuck Schumer on many things, but he acted with statesmanship instead of partisanship on Iran deal.  Courage!
Watch my  closing statement. called it a "show-stopping zinger"... ⬇️ 
  Craig Robinson: "answer on Iranian deal was the best moment of the debate" 
Luntz: "As the lines go up, they almost reach 100. It almost never happens in the dial research we do." 
  analysis, "Who won? ;  
 ICYMI: Huckabee's show-stopping zinger from the  
 "Mike Huckabee was the star of the Luntz focus group show. When he spoke, the feedback soared." 
 Kudos to Huckabee for mentioning American hostages. We left men behind.
 Huckabee's passion on Iran question was answer of the night for me so far. Right on the facts. Right on the intensity.
 had a good night...he did well tonight." -  
"We've got a clip from that was the  dial clip of the entire two hours."  
 focus group: "He was very articulate, very relatable, ; made a lot of good points."  
"He was just so eloquent...He knew what he was saying. He believed what he was saying."  
Let's take America from Hope to Higher Ground! Will you help? 
Let's take America from Hope to Higher Ground. Will you help? ;    
As President, I'll end the national disgrace of failing to care for vets who sacrificed for our country -&gt;  
The military is not a social experiment. The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things.  
I'll fight for the U.S. military to be the most feared, respected, ;  capable fighting force the world has ever known  
Re China: You deal with a playground bully by punching them in the face ; putting them on the ground b/c they only respect power. 
   
My Dept of Justice ; Attorney General will prosecute attacks on people of faith and   
Some cowardly politicians will surrender to false god of judicial supremacy, but I refuse to light a match to our Constitution. 
Americans need to know: the Iranian threat isn't unique to Israel. It involves U.S. ; rest of the world. 
As president, I will stand w/ Israel and keep all options open, including military force, to topple the terrorist Iranian regime. 
 is "trust ; vilify" - he trusts our enemies ; vilifies anyone who disagrees with him.   
I'll protect SS ; Medicare. I'll kill anything posing a threat to the promises we've made our seniors. 
    
I pledge to protect Social Security ; Medicare.    
Washington has done enough lying and stealing – I will protect Social Security ; Medicare.   
I pledge to protect SS ; Medicare. Never rob seniors of benefits they were promised ; forced to pay for.  
I'm the only GOP candidate who has consistently defeated the   lived to tell about it! 
The  is intrusive, invasive, unaccountable, ; out-of-control. It must be abolished, once-and-for-all.  
I pledge to kill  ; restore common sense. Education is a family function, not a fed function.  
Washington is out of control ; we should return power to the states.  
Millions of Americans lost insurance because of  but not Congress. You can't claw away those benefits!  
ISIS is decapitating Christians ; seeks the endless blood of Jews. "Please leave us alone" is not a foreign policy.  
I pledge to oppose amnesty ; government benefits for illegal immigrants who violated our laws.   
Without a secure border, nothing matters ;    
I will repeal President Obama's unconstitutional executive orders ; secure our borders.   
The next President should invoke the 5th ; 14th Amendments to protect the life of unborn children. I will.   
  
I've consistently defeated Clinton Machine ; served 10.5 yrs as Gov w/ conservative record.   Debate
How is preparing for tonight's big  
Ready to see Gov. Huckabee on the main  stage tonight? Let him know you are cheering him on! 
Ready to see Gov. Huckabee on the main  stage tonight? Let him know you are cheering him on! 
Obama's election to office is the biggest victory for these evil Ayatollahs since the Iranian Revolution. (4/4)
To use his own words, his comments would be "ridiculous if they weren’t so sad." (3/4)
Comparing critics of his nuclear deal with the Islamic radicals running Iran is beyond insulting, it's idiotic. (2/4)
President Obama is a predictable propagandist. (1/4)
We need a tax revolution that helps every hard-working American and eliminates the IRS once and for all. -; 
Do you support the Fairtax? Show your support before the 1st debate by endorsing our Abolish the IRS Petition ; 

 Look forward to watching on the  stage Thurs night  
  
The decision in the Senate to continue financing  butchers w/ taxpayer $$ is salt in a sick, grotesque wound.
 Washington Times to host live chat with  about his 2016 presidential run. Join us! 
Obama’s EPA rule is a handout to Chinese businesses, Arab oil sheiks, Russian energy despots, ; Washington insiders detached from reality.
These reckless Washington mandates are an attack on self-reliance, hard work, and American energy independence.  
How can this administration pretend to care about Americans then unleash an executive power grab that will kill 1.4 million American jobs?
Obama’s carbon crusade shows he’s more committed to confronting American coal miners than Iranian clerics who chant 'death to America'. 
Did you miss my appearance on Face the Nation? Watch it on my website here: 
Mike Huckabee will support our veterans. Read more at  
Iowa!  Learn more about Mike Huckabee's campaign for President at  
While some attack my “tone," I believe strong threats require strong words and bold action. 
Obama ; Clinton are more upset about my comments than Iran’s threat to kill the Jews then direct missiles at the US. 
The world said  “never again” after the Holocaust, yet today, some refuse to take Iran’s evil threats seriously. 
 Up next: on re: Iran deal
    
 In Guthrie Center, IA: "Washington only works for itself but it's supposed to work for the people," htt…
Watch my interview with Jake Tapper on CNN's The Lead ; 
"Of the three, Mr. Obama, Mrs. Clinton, and Mr. Huckabee, the one I bet on for supporting Israel is Mr. Huckabee." 
The media would make you believe Jews don’t agree with my statements on the Iranian deal... Read this -; 

Thank you Tricia! Add your voice to 10,000+ supporter endorsements:   
"For Governor Huckabee to come into our little town and talk about this, that’s huge. He got my attention.” -; 
As president, I’ll enforce trade deals that grow America’s economy, not China’s. Read my op-ed here ; 
In my campaign for president, I go where other Republicans fear to tread. -; 
Click here to vote:  
Did you miss our campaign response to  Watch it here: 
  "Anything is better than allowing  these terrorists to have nuclear capacity."  
  "We underestimate the radical nature of these animals who run Iran, a terrorist state." 
  While at Auschwitz, I swore I would never allow people to by systemically killed again. 
Join our campaign for President. Sign up as a volunteer, pledge your vote, learn more on our website here: 
The policy of a Huckabee Administration? "Never Again"   
Reminder: will be on show around 9:20 pm CT to discuss the 
That many in the national media are more concerned with  than killing babies to harvest their organs is unconscionable.
 will be on show around 9:20 pm CT to discuss the Iran deal.
 Iran is "building nuclear weapons...to annihilate Israel's 6 million Jews...We will never allow another Holocaust." 6/13/13
 "The ayatollahs in Iran, they deny the Holocaust while planning another genocide against our people." 1/28/15 
 "The bad deal with Iran signals that the lessons of the Holocaust have not been learned." 4/15/15 
   
 Join me at 1:30pm ET today for a Yahoo News Live special interview with  

The policy of a Huckabee Administration: "Never Again"   
Did you miss my interview on Watch it on my campaign website here: 
My admin policy will be "never again" ; when phone rings at 3 AM I won't tell the American people "what difference does it make?" 
How many murdered Israelis will it take for to express as much outrage at Iran as she did at my defense of Israel? 
How many times will Iran's leaders call for Israel's annihilation before wakes up to this existential threat? 
 "If we don’t take seriously the threats of Iran, then God help us all."  on  Tune in now. 
Watch our new video responding to ; attacks ⬇️  

 You finally come out of hiding to attack me for defending Israel? What's "unacceptable" is a mushroom cloud over Israel.
Please don't miss: on today at 5 pm ET / 4 pm CT re: Iran deal ; 2016 
I will stand with our ally Israel to prevent the terrorists in Tehran from achieving their own stated goal of another Holocaust.
"Never again" will be the policy of my administration.
For decades, Iranian leaders have pledged to "destroy," "annihilate," and "wipe Israel off the map" with a "big Holocaust."
What's "ridiculous and sad" is that does not take Iran's repeated threats seriously.
"If they [Jews] all gather in Israel, it will save us the trouble of going after them worldwide." - Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah leader
"It is the mission of the Islamic Republic of Iran to erase Israel from the map of the region." - Ayatollah Khamenei 
Ayatollah Khamenei's Iranian Martyr Foundation rep: "We have manufactured missiles that allow us...to replace Israel...with a big holocaust"
Tell Congress to do their constitutional duty ; reject the Obama-Kerry  ;  
  Obama Marching Israelis to ‘Door of Oven’   
I have made a 17 pt. pledge to the American people. It is the only pledge I will sign this campaign: 
Did you miss Mike Huckabee's appearance on Fox ; Friends? Watch it here: 
We must end the scourge, sin, and slaughter of abortion and then we should ask God’s forgiveness for not doing it much, much sooner.
I’m shocked that an American like Ms. Richards could justify such evil.
It should enrage all, that our govt confiscates money from our paychecks to bankroll these barbaric butchers with $500 million each year.
Since 1973, abortion has ended the lives of 60 million babies.
Cecile Richards should apologize for her barbaric defense of harvested human organs.
Planned Parenthood isn’t a healthcare provider any more than Benghazi was a ’spontaneous protest.’

President Obama goes to Kenya. My thoughts: 
Co-Sign my Petition of Support for the Fair Tax.  We must abolish the IRS!  
Hillary must be held accountable for her secretive, irresponsible and illegal behavior at the State Department. 
Now, we know for certain that Hillary compromised the security of the USA, our people and our men and women in uniform.  
Retweet if you agree! Hillary must be held accountable. 
 Please don't miss on at 8:15 am ET / 7:15 am CT re: 2016 

Find out how you can become more involved in our campaign. Join our growing grassroots army of supporters here: 
We’ve abandoned the building blocks of civilization. Life, marriage and family issues aren’t bargaining chips or political considerations.
In the face of human harvesting, it’s unacceptably un-American and immoral to bury our heads and hope this evil will disappear.
Washington has become the Roach Motel: career politicians go in, but never come out. We need   
Planned Parenthood isn’t a healthcare provider any more than Benghazi was a ’spontaneous protest’.
Earlier this week I spoke with Wolf Blitzer about Iran. Watch it here: 
 "...the high school quarterback's life matters just as much as the freshman with Down syndrome."  op-ed: 
How can we claim to be superior to nations who commit genocide when we commit infanticide?  
Watch our new online ad "Sin, Not Skin" here: 
Join me as I pledge to defund Planned Parenthood.  
2008  My plan to  Two words, "Chuck Norris"... 
The battle goes beyond Planned Parenthood. We must end abortion in America. My thoughts here:
"No Worries" is not a strategy for Iran. Tell Congress to kill the nuclear deal! -&gt;   
   
Only 1 Republican running for president has defeated the Clinton Machine...and lived to tell about it! 
Watch my interview with from this morning.    
Please watch: on at 9:30 am ET / 8:30 am CT re: Iran deal  Parenthood video 
This afternoon I discussed the Iran deal with 
This will make  furious…and rightfully so!Watch ⬇️  
Let’s stop this slaughter and ask God’s forgiveness for not doing it sooner.   
Edorse my pledge to defund Planned Parenthood ;   
We didn’t end slavery by limiting how many slaves a person could own—we recognized it as a violation of human rights. 
We need to end the disgusting disregard for human life that is the foundation for the infanticide that is beneath the dignity of our nation.
 EXCLUSIVE: Mike Huckabee: It’s Not Enough to De-Fund Planned Parenthood, We Must End Abortion 
Stop the slaughter. 
"No Worries" is not a strategy for Iran. Tell Congress to kill the nuclear deal! ;  
"We don't have a SKIN problem in America, we have a SIN problem." There is a prescription. What is it? Watch...
 Q: Which of the people pictured got schooled at foosball? A: Boys ; Girls Club of the Pee Dee Area htt…
 While is known for slappin' a four string bass, he can also lay down a sick beat on drums.  htt…
When our troops return from combat, they should be treated with the utmost respect and admiration.
 is an American hero. Every breath I breathe and every step I take is free because of brave Americans like John McCain.
If we trust soldiers to keep us safe, it’s completely insulting ; insane to forcibly disarm our heroes on American military bases.
Soldiers were defenseless in the face of slaughter because of absurd, anti-gun regulations. 
This administration refuses to identify the real enemy that is murdering Americans whenever it gets an opportunity. 
Gun-free zones are once again the most dangerous places in America. ;  
 Happy 60th birthday to the love of my life, Be sure ; give her a follow. 
Please pray for the people of Chattanooga, especially the families of the victims.
I have pledged as President to defund  Stand with me ;   
Watch my appearance last night on show:   
Looking forward to speaking @ Rock Hill Missionary Baptist Church, in Manning, SC, on Sunday. 
"Not one more dime to this hideous organization." - on  
Will be on on Fox News tonight at 10:35 pm ET/9:35 pm CT to discuss the disturbing  video. Tune in. 
 VIDEO: "They've killed Americans, kidnapped Americans, they've sponsored terrorism... 
"Huckabee: Selling Unborn Body Parts 'Grotesque'"    
Shame on the Obama admin for agreeing to a deal that empowers an evil Iranian regime to carry out its threat to "wipe Israel off the map."
Enough is enough. Stand w/ me as we fight to defund  ➡️    
I have pledged to defund  Stand with me ;   
"Huckabee: Selling Unborn Body Parts 'Grotesque'"    
 One of the most outrageous, irrational decisions a U.S. president has made re foreign policy
As president, I will stand with Israel and keep all options on the table, including military force, to topple the terrorist Iranian regime.
Shame on the Obama admin for agreeing to a deal that empowers an evil Iranian regime to carry out its threat to "wipe Israel off the map."
Stand with me and tell Secretary Kerry to reject a deal with Iran.  
Will be on Fox News tonight with Greta Van Susteren. Be sure to tune in at at 7 p.m. ET/6 p.m. CT!




I oppose Common Core and believe we should abolish the federal department of education. Retweet of you agree! 
My 3 point plan to protect Seniors  
 ruling is judicial tyranny. 
   
This campaign should be about the issues. Read my 17-point "Pledge to the People" ;  
Do you support the   Share your support by signing my FairTax petition here:  
Big news from the National Sheriffs' Association Conference!  
We must never surrender to an evil regime that threatens us all ;   
Secure the border. Reverse unconstitutional executive amnesty. Deny funding to sanctuary cities. 
We are kicking our grassroots team into high gear and we need you to join one of our coalitions. 
 POLL: Huckabee does best of all GOP candidates against Hillary in NC ; he wins Nat'l Sheriffs’ Association straw poll htt…
New poll out of important battleground state of North Carolina shows us ahead of   
  
 "Huckabee...would use 'all powers of the presidency to deny federal funding to sanctuary cities'" 
 Huckabee vs. Hillary 
 "Huck vows to halt federal funding..." ;   
Had a great time town hall yesterday w/ Was glad to answer a lot of good questions. 
 Backstage at Pres Town Hall Series, leads ; in prayer.  htt…
 First stop: Packed house at The Edgefield General Store in Edgefield, SC to hear ; see   
 In Anderson, SC is about to begin Presidential Town Hall series hosted by htt…
 Great day campaigning in Anderson,  as works the counter   
 Turning up the pressure: goes from working the counter to working the drive-through  htt…
Glad to see at Rock Springs Church just before Charlie Daniels Band. 
Congratulations Team USA! 
What a great game!!! 
  
 There's still time to join us for our first Town Hall July 6 in Anderson with Mike Huckabee   
Stopped by the Field of Dreams today!   
Be sure to read my op-ed about protecting  ;   
 
 This is a potent 30-second ad by 
The Obama-Clinton hypocrisy on marriage exposed. We need a President who will lead, not follow.  
Today I announced my plan to defend  as President ;    
Do you support the   Share your support by signing my FairTax petition here:  
Great event yesterday in Hendersonville with 
 ICYMI: Meadows ; Huckabee stumps to packed crowd in Hendersonville via: ;   
 energy policies threaten American security and prosperity. It’s time we get real. 
Get the latest news about our campaign for President here:  
My 3 point plan to protect Seniors  
As President I will promote and sign all measures leading to Obamacare’s defunding, deauthorization, and repeal. 
This campaign should be about the issues. Read my 17-point "Pledge to the People" ;  
 ruling is judicial tyranny. 
 
   
This unconstitutional rejection of the expressed will of the people in over 30 states will be one of the court's most disastrous decisions.
I am faithful to the issue of marriage because it’s the Biblical position, the historical position, and the right position.
The King v.  decision, which protects and expands  is an out-of-control act of judicial tyranny. 
 has spoken with a very divided voice on something only the Supreme Being can do - redefine marriage. 
This irrational, unconstitutional decision threatens religious liberty - the heart of 1st Amendt. Congress must act. 
Five lawyers on  can no more repeal the laws of nature and nature's God on marriage than they can the laws of gravity.
This unconstitutional ruling is not about marriage equality, it's about marriage redefinition. 
This unconstitutional ruling is not about marriage equality, it's about marriage redefinition. 
I am faithful to the issue of marriage because it’s the Biblical position, the historical position, and the right position.
  
Rev. Clementa Pinckney's congregation, ; the people of SC, have shown a nation how Biblical love, grace, ; mercy can conquer all things.
America can't bow to judicial tyranny on health care or gay marriage.
This unconstitutional rejection of the expressed will of the people in over 30 states will be one of the court's most disastrous decisions.
The only outcome worse than this flawed decision would be for the President ; Congress to surrender to this act of  judicial tyranny.
We must resist and reject judicial tyranny, not retreat. 
   
Five lawyers on  can no more repeal the laws of nature and nature's God on marriage than they can the laws of gravity.
The Supreme Court can no more repeal the laws of nature and nature's God on marriage than it can the laws of gravity.
This irrational, unconstitutional decision threatens religious liberty - the heart of 1st Amendt. Congress must act. 
 has spoken with a very divided voice on something only the Supreme Being can do - redefine marriage. 
The King v.  decision, which protects and expands  is an out-of-control act of judicial tyranny. 
This flawed, failed decision is an out-of-control act of unconstitutional judicial tyranny ;  
Read my letter to conservative leaders about the importance of standing for traditional marriage ;  
Read my op-ed about judicial tyranny ; religious liberty ;   
 
The King v.  decision, which protects and expands  is an out-of-control act of judicial tyranny. 
The solution is for Congress to admit they screwed up, repeal the "nightmare of  ; let states road-test real health care reforms.
 has NO authority to rescue Congress from creating bad law.  ruling is an out-of-control act of judicial tyranny. 
 ruling is judicial tyranny. 
 can't legislate from the bench ; pass trillion dollar 'fix' to ObamaCare because Congress misread the states. 
There isn't a 'do-over’ provision in our Constitution that allows unelected, SCOTUS judges power to circumvent Congress ; rewrite bad laws.
This campaign should be about the issues. Read my 17-point "Pledge to the People" ;  
Read my letter to conservative leaders about the importance of standing for traditional marriage ;  
 Great time @ Nana Greer's Family Table in Osceola, IA 
My 3 point plan to protect Seniors  
Enjoyed being on the air w/ this afternoon  
It’s irresponsible for Congress to top-off the gas tank and blindly hand-over the keys to this Administration. 
If ObamaTrade is so good for Americans, why did Congress spend billions on a program to help those who will lose their job when it passes?
China has done enough cheating, and America’s workers can’t afford an ObamaTrade agreement that lets Asia outfox President Obama even more.
Obama can’t be trusted to negotiate a deal on a secondhand surfboard or a flea market fishing pole, let alone a trillion dollar  deal!
A salute to ;  
Over 100,000 Patriots have signed letter to  ;  
To Dad...From:
 
I oppose Common Core and believe we should abolish the federal department of education. Retweet of you agree! 
As President I will promote and sign all measures leading to Obamacare’s defunding, deauthorization, and repeal. 
Check your local listings so you can be sure to watch Governor Huckabee on tomorrow morning!  
My 3 point plan to protect Seniors  
Read my letter to conservative leaders about the importance of standing for traditional marriage ;  
Get the latest news about our campaign for President here:  
This campaign should be about the issues. Read my 17-point "Pledge to the People" ;  
WND: Huckabee whacks 'modern myth' of Supreme Court 
"Let It Go" Friday. What  can teach us about the   
If the trade bill is going to create so many jobs, why did Congress add a provision to help all who will lose their jobs because of it? 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  =&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  =&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  =&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  =&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  =&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT   My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT   My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  =&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  =&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  =&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT   My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  My response=&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT  ; DEFEND  =&gt; 
 Got your SCOTUS letter. Must FIGHT   My response=&gt; 
Read my letter to conservative leaders about the importance of standing for traditional marriage ;  
My heartfelt prayers go out to the victims of the shooting at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston.
Washington's backwards immigration policies ; trade deals have been driving wages down. You deserve a president who works for you.
A H1-B program that floods our country with foreign immigrants so companies can cut benefits and fire American workers makes no sense.
 stood strong and voted his conscience on  Join me in a Citizen’s Salute to this statesman and patriot! 
The IRS is intrusive, invasive, unaccountable, and out-of-control. The IRS must be abolished, once-and-for-all. 
My 3 point plan to protect Seniors  
As President I will promote and sign all measures leading to Obamacare’s defunding, deauthorization, and repeal. 
Time to hack China back 
 energy policies threaten American security and prosperity. It’s time we get real. 
Do you support the   Share your support by signing my FairTax petition here:  
A country that can’t feed itself, fuel itself, or fight for itself can never truly be free. Retweet if you agree! 
How can Hillary Clinton honestly tell people  is working, when it’s not? 
This campaign should be about the issues. Read my 17-point "Pledge to the People" ;  
  
Check out this red snapper I snagged in the Gulf. I'd like to do the same thing to the IRS! 
 
Hillary's speech had so many warmed-over leftwing cliches, it didn't come with hashtags, it came with rehash-tags.
(2/2) The American people deserve a President who speaks with them and works for them, and is not it.
(1/2) I've answered more questions in the last two hours than has in the last two months.
I'm the only candidate with a record of defeating the Clinton Machine ;   
This campaign should be about the issues. Read my 17-point "Pledge to the People" ;  
  
Republican support for ObamaTrade is disappointing.
How can Hillary Clinton honestly tell people  is working, when it’s not? 
What will it take for President Obama to open his eyes? It’s time to hack China back. 
What will it take for President Obama to open his eyes? It’s time to hack China back. 
Great food at The Beacon in South Carolina today! 
Since 2000, US has lost 5 million manufacturing jobs. Giving more power to a President who has abused his power makes no sense. 
The Obama Admin has fooled Americans for too long. Republicans needs to wake-up before it’s too late. 
Destroying American manufacturing is no way to fuel an economy. We’ve already outsourced millions of jobs to Asia, isn’t that enough? 
I have no idea why some in Congress think we can “take Obama’s word." What will it take to realize that Pres Obama can’t be trusted? 
Giving foreign judges and diplomats the power to enforce the law and overrule American voters is unconstitutional and un-American. 
As President I will promote and sign all measures leading to Obamacare’s defunding, deauthorization, and repeal. 
I applaud the hard work by ; other conservatives who're standing strong against Obama ; fighting for American workers. 
President Obama can’t be trusted to negotiate a condo in Cleveland or a couch off Craigslist, let alone a $1 trillion trade deal. 
I oppose Common Core and believe we should abolish the federal department of education. Retweet of you agree! 
A country that can’t feed itself, fuel itself, or fight for itself can never truly be free. Retweet if you agree! 
Miss the days of being on the boat with Jet. He was a loyal friend.  
Listen to Sen. Sessions, Duncan Hunter, Steve Russell and Other Conservatives: President Obama Can’t Be Trusted 
We love it! The Big Steer in Altoona, Iowa. What a welcome for us! 
I'll always stand for the sanctity of all human life from the moment of conception until the grave ;  
Retweet if you are pro-life!   
As President I will abolish the IRS:   
I wouldn't trust Obama to negotiate deal on a secondhand Subaru, let alone a trillion dollar trade deal.  
Thank you Barb!   
Obama sends 400 military advisors to Iraq. My thoughts: 
  to - "We need to put American jobs first ; change the tax structure" 
  on w/ - "I oppose TPP b/c last time we trusted Obama w/ secret deal, we got Obamacare." 
Share your endorsement of our campaign on our website here:  
Learn more about my plan to protect Seniors.  
Get the latest news about our campaign for President here:  
As President I will fight for mental health awareness,treatment ; suicide prevention. My thoughts on our Veterans: 
My thoughts on companies’ abuse of the H1B guest worker program to replace American workers with cheap foreign labor 
As President I will abolish the IRS with the  Learn more at  
BREAKING AP news: "A fed. appeals court has upheld key parts of TX's strict anti-abortion law" Join our prolife team 
I will stand with our friend and ally Israel in our shared fight against Radical Islam. Learn more at 
 This poll marks the second "SEC Primary" state where takes 1st Place. Georgia ; now Bama: 
 Congratulations to on the birth of his 5th grandchild today!  
Must read -;  

Big news today! ; I are thrilled to announce the birth of our 5th grandchild - George Huggins Sanders. 
We need to grant Americans free trade on prescriptions. 
My 3 point plan to protect Seniors  
 will be on File tonight at 9:30 pm ET / 8:30 pm CT re: 2016 
As President I will oppose amnesty and government benefits for illegal immigrants who violated our laws...
Time to hack China back 
The latest poll out of Iowa has ahead of Hillary Clinton.  
Great event in Davenport ; now traveling to the  Enjoying the beautiful scenery of  
My thoughts on companies’ abuse of the H1B guest worker program to replace American workers with cheap foreign labor 
Great crowd in Mason City, Iowa.  
 Q: "Keystone?" A: "With President Huckabee, we'll be building that thing before I step off the inaugural stage."  
Do you support the   Share your support by signing my FairTax petition here:  
As President I will promote and sign all measures leading to Obamacare’s defunding, deauthorization, and repeal. 

Our campaign has the momentum! Join us ;   
As President I will stand for the Institution of Marriage and vigorously oppose any redefinition. 
As president, I will lead with moral clarity, defend basic human rights, and hold rogue regimes accountable.
As president, I will lead with moral clarity and restore America’s strength in the world and we need to quit apologizing for being America.
The only thing President Obama has restored in the White House is an ineptitude we haven’t seen since the Carter Administration.
On Monday claimed to have “restored the USA as the most respected country on earth.” Is Obama delusional or disingenuous?
Great event in Columbia today at Thanks to all who came out!    
As President I will promote and sign all measures leading to Obamacare’s repeal. 
I will stand with our friend and ally Israel in our shared fight against Radical Islam. Learn more at 
 Getting things started w/ at Economic Summit.  ONLY on ;  
 Amen   It's time to change Social Security.  
As President I will promote and sign all measures leading to Obamacare’s defunding, deauthorization, and repeal. 
Do you support the   Share your support by signing my FairTax petition here:  
As President I will abolish the IRS with the  Learn more at  
The shameful decision by the Obama Administration to remove the Castro regime from our list of state sponsors of terrorism is wrong.
As president, I will lead with moral clarity, defend basic human rights, and hold rogue regimes accountable.
Learn more about our campaign to take  America from   
Great time visiting with on  
 How would be able to fight against the Clinton political machine?  
 Huckabee said GOP should, "...better represent blue collar workers, rather than just sticking up for big business." 
Tune in tonight, I'll be on at 7 pm ET re: Patriot act ; ISIS.
My thoughts on companies’ abuse of the H1B guest worker program to replace American workers with cheap foreign labor 
 Thanks to for hosting tomorrow, 5:30 pm, First Citizens Cafe on Main St. 
Great to visit with this morning.  
Don't miss on Mon at 7:20 am ET / 6:20 am CT re: Patriot Act ; 2016 
Tune in to hear tonight at 9:15 pm ET on Sunday on 125
 What a honor to see at the  parade. 
  backstage at the Israel Day Concert in NYC 
 on his way to the Israel Day Concert in Central Park NYC. 
Our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Biden family.  May God comfort them in this moment of tremendous grief.
Janet and I extend our condolences to Vice President Biden and his family after the passing of his son Beau.
Video update from Jack ; Abby about our campaign's Sunday night deadline! Abby wasn't impressed w/ Jack.  
As President I will fight for mental health awareness,treatment ; suicide prevention. My thoughts on our Veterans: 

As president, I will lead with moral clarity, defend basic human rights, and hold rogue regimes accountable.
Today's shameful decision by the Obama Administration to remove the Castro regime from our list of state sponsors of terrorism is wrong.
When given a choice: accommodate for Cuban communists OR fight for religious liberty and economic freedom, Obama sides with dictators.
I wouldn't trust Obama to negotiate deal on a secondhand Subaru, let alone a trillion dollar trade deal.  
As President I will oppose new gun control laws. Find out more about my stance on the 2nd Amendment here: 
Just saying...  
 crisis-management and finger pointing is NOT a strategy.
 Join Mike on Pledge to the People Day! June 3, 2015. Learn more&gt;&gt;&gt;   
 crisis-management and finger pointing is NOT a strategy.
America is the leader of the Free World , and it’s time we accept responsibility, restore moral clarity and lead.
As the White House makes excuses, the ISIS cancer keeps metastasizing across the Middle East.  Enough is enough.
Today, ISIS terrorists wave black flags and decapitate innocents in cities where our soldiers courageously and selflessly shed blood.
Just saying...  
A country that can’t feed itself, fuel itself, or fight for itself can never truly be free. Retweet if you agree! 
As President I will oppose new gun control laws. Find out more about my stance on the 2nd Amendment here: 
Join our team in the fight to help every American earn his or her maximum wage!  
 "So why are Americans paying, on average, twice as much for the same prescription drug as Canadians? htt…

We need to grant Americans free trade on prescriptions 
Do you support the   Share your support by signing my FairTax petition here:  
I have an op-ed in today's about prescription drug re-importation. Read it ;   
I wouldn't trust Obama to negotiate deal on a secondhand Subaru, let alone a trillion dollar trade deal.  
As President I will promote and sign all measures leading to Obamacare’s defunding, deauthorization, and repeal. 
As President I will abolish the IRS with the  Learn more at  
Learn more about my thoughts on judges at   
Learn more about my thoughts on judges at   
I will fight for term limits for Congress and judges find out more at  
Did you watch on Learn more about the issues discussed here: 
Want to wish a happy 41st wedding anniversary today. We've come a long way since the powder blue tux! 
 
Did you watch on Learn more about the issues discussed here: 
As President I will abolish the IRS with the  Learn more at  
I will fight for term limits for Congress and judges find out more at  
  on Judicial Review: The Supreme Court is not the Supreme Branch, and it certainly isn’t the Supreme Be…
Learn more about my thoughts on judges at   
  on  Takes power out of the hands of Congress, and gives it to the people 
  on The secrecy in which this govt has operated…is very troubling. We've yet to get and…
So proud of She gave a great speech at the Southern Republican Leadership Conference.  
Will you help us take America from Hope to Higher Ground?  CLICK to donate;  
Do you support the   Share your support by signing my FairTax petition here:  
Endorse our pledge --support a Balanced Budget Amendment --  
As President I will promote and sign all measures leading to Obamacare’s defunding, deauthorization, and repeal. 
Read interview with on our website here: 
 = Apple Ninja…
 energy policies threaten American security and prosperity. It’s time we get real. 
Learn more about where I stand on impt issues like social security by visiting my website:  
I wouldn't trust Obama to negotiate deal on a secondhand Subaru, let alone a trillion dollar trade deal.  
My focus is on the Iowa caucuses – not the straw poll. Read more here: 
 provided a lot of laughs.  for all the memories. (Photo credit: AP Photo/John Paul Filo, CBS) 
With the Oak Ridge Boys at George Jones Museum in Nashville TN 
Retweet if you are pro-life!   
Show your support for our campaign!  Please leave a message on my website!  

Home on the range...  
We need to pass the FairTax! Retweet if you agree!   
Please co-sign my pledge to the American people if you agree!   
I will oppose and veto any and all efforts to increase taxes. Stand with me. ;  
US lost 5 million manufacturing jobs in 15 yrs. Obama=expert at using chaos ; economic Armageddon to advance his agenda. 
Congress=coequal branch of gov't. Obama must have full deal w Congress b4 horse-trading w foreign bureaucrats  
 could lead to gun restrictions, immigration loopholes and assault on digital freedoms. Congress must demand CLEAR boundaries first.
Americans reject  secrecy and "taking Obama's word for it".discussion ; debate &gt; concealment 
 doesn't protect US from currency manipulation ESPECIALLY China. How long will we tolerate China's cheating? 
I wouldn't trust Obama to negotiate deal on a secondhand Subaru, let alone a trillion dollar trade deal.  
I am campaigning this week in Story City, Cedar Falls, Marshalltown and Johnston. Learn more about my events here 
 energy policies threaten American security and prosperity. It’s time we get real. 
I signed the only pledge I'll sign as a candidate for President. This campaign is about you. ;  
 Great to visit w/ my friend this morning in DC. Thankful to have his voice on the  stage! 
 = Apple Ninja…
Pledge to the People - the only pledge I'll sign as a candidate for President ;   
Pledge to the People - the only pledge I'll sign as a candidate for President ;   
 Mike Huckabee will oppose and veto any and all efforts to raise taxes 
I just signed the only pledge I'll sign as a candidate for President.  
I just signed the only pledge I'll sign as a candidate for President. This campaign is about you. ;  
As President, I will always stand for the sanctity of all human life from the moment of conception until the grave. 
Learn more about where I stand on impt issues like social security by visiting my website:  
Read interview with on our website here: 
Read why I oppose giving trade promotion authority for  
As President I will abolish the IRS:   
I'll always stand for the sanctity of all human life from the moment of conception until the grave ;  
I oppose Common Core and believe we should abolish the federal department of education. Retweet of you agree! 
Did you miss my Announcement speech? Watch it on my website here:  
To stay connected with our campaign on Twitter I encourage you to follow: and
My thoughts and prayers go out to the passengers and victims in the Amtrak train crash in Philadelphia.
Will you help us close out a great first week of the campaign? CLICK to donate ;   
 is running for President.  Join him:    
As President I will abolish the IRS:   
Read my op-ed: "Fight for families, not the elites" 
Read why I oppose giving trade promotion authority for  
Did you see my op-ed in the “Why I Oppose Trade Promotion Authority For President Obama” ; 
Great to see my good friend at our campaign fundraiser yesterday. 
Did you miss my Announcement speech? Watch it on my website here:  
Robbing people of the benefits they have contributed is not a solution — it’s an escape. Retweet of you agree! 
Read my new op-ed: "Fight for families, not the elites" 
6498 signatures in the first 90 minutes for the  our petition at  
A country that can’t feed itself, fuel itself, or fight for itself can never truly be free. Retweet of you agree! 
 will fight for American workers and families not the Washington and Wall Street elites. 
Did you see my op-ed in the this weekend? "Fight For Families, Not The Elites"  
I oppose Common Core and believe we should abolish the federal department of education. Retweet of you agree! 
As President I will abolish the IRS:   
 is running for President.  Join him:    
Happy Mother's Day! 
 is a guest on CBS' "Face The Nation" with Bob Schieffer tomorrow morning at 10:30 am ET / 9:30 am CT. 
We must hold the President accountable to the Constitution. Retweet if you agree!   
 is running for President.  Join him:    
Are you an undecided voter?  I encourage you to follow for tweets about where I stand on the issues.
As President I will abolish the IRS:   
  
As President I will abolish the IRS:    
It’s time for Washington to refocus its priorities, empower Americans with a hand-up rather than a hand-out. 
 is running for President.  Join him:    
 will fight for American workers and families not the Washington and Wall Street elites. 
 Education decisions are best made by the most local govt — Moms and Dads.  
We must hold the President accountable to the Constitution. Retweet if you agree!   
Staying connected with our campaign is important.  For who to follow on my team please go here: 
Join in his fight to Abolish the IRS:    
Enjoyed rocking out with Brandon Alan at our  kickoff rally tonight! 
  photobomb in Iowa! 
  makes surprise stop at Smokey Row in Oskaloosa. Talks with local pastor, Troy Renter.  
 is running for President.  Join him:    
 will fight for American workers and families not the Washington and Wall Street elites. 
Join in his fight to Abolish the IRS:    
We must hold the President accountable to the Constitution. Retweet if you agree!   
Congress must uphold the Constitution. Retweet if you agree!  
 Education decisions are best made by the most local govt — Moms and Dads.  
It’s time for Washington to refocus its priorities, empower Americans with a hand-up rather than a hand-out. 
Our campaign will need tens of thousands of volunteers lending a hand. Join us here:  
Staying connected with our campaign is important.  For who to follow on my team please go here: 
I am running for President because American families need someone who will fight for them.  
 will appear on and this morning.  Retweet to help us spread the word!
Join in his fight to Abolish the IRS:    
  Let's work together to take our country from  Join:  
 Education decisions are best made by the most local govt — Moms and Dads.   
Learn more about record as Governor here:    
It’s time for Washington to refocus its priorities, empower Americans with a hand-up rather than a hand-out.  
 will fight for American workers and families not the Washington and Wall Street elites. 
 is running for President.  Join him:    
It’s time for Washington to refocus its priorities, empower Americans with a hand-up rather than a hand-out. 
Our campaign will need tens of thousands of volunteers lending a hand. Join us here:  
I will fight for American workers and families not the Washington and Wall Street elites.   
Staying connected with our campaign is important.  For who to follow on my team please go here: 
Are you an undecided voter?  I encourage you to follow for tweets about where I stand on the issues.
Instead of tinkering with the tax code, we need a tax revolution that helps every American.   
To stay connected with our campaign on Twitter I encourage you to follow: and
I am running for President because American families need someone who will fight for them.  
WATCH to learn more about my conservative record as Governor and my fight to defeat the Clinton Machine.
I oppose  Education is a family function - not a federal function.  
I'm in! We must pass the  ; abolish the IRS! Will you help me get the word out? Donate now.  
I'm running for President! Will you help us start strong? Donate now.   
