What's Next. 
"I favor experience, even as I want someone who will shake up the system." 
Swing states John Kasich currently leads: OH, NC, NH, PA, CT, WI.Swing states Cruz ; Trump currently lead: Zero 
Don't let our busy lives allow us to forget the family of the Navy SEAL who perished fighting ISIS. Rest in Peace. 
An election day reminder...
Only one candidate ensures Hillary Clinton doesn't win the White House in November. That's John Kasich. 
Great news as Oklahoma has joined the movement for a fed balanced budget amendment. Our 29th state! 
John Kasich: The Real Trump Alternative 
Gov. Kasich's statement on the passing of Joyce Garver Keller:   
60% of primary voters have voted for someone other than Donald Trump.   
17 polls in a row. 
"Why John Kasich Should Stay in the Presidential Race." 
Let's elect a leader who will serve our nation with dignity ; class. Get more involved:  
Are you following us yet on Search for "John Kasich" to see behind-the-scenes campaign coverage. 
 If the presidential election were held today only 1 Republican could defeat Hillary Clinton, and that's ht…
Only 2 more wks until the Oregon primary! Chip in at  to help us keep this ad running strong.
“I’m worried about a divided, polarized country and it does not have to be that way." 
There's still time to contribute before the midnight deadline. Just click  
Don't give away the White House. Choose Victory.Donate before tonight's midnight deadline!  
That's great! Have an awesome time! -John 
 At Town Hall in downtown San Jose - so psyched! Check out debt clock. Terrifying! 
"Facts are stubborn things."
 I'm making phone calls from home for bc he's the only one who can win in November. Join me at 
Gov. Kasich is about to take the stage at the California GOP Convention. Watch live at 
  wants whatever wants so she can win the next primary. 
John Kasich has a challenge for Oregonians.
Don't give away the White House. Choose Victory in November.  
Our nation's budget is out of control. John Kasich is the one candidate who knows what it takes to fix it. 
"Donald Trump doesn’t have a prayer against Hillary Clinton in the general election." 
A loss of one of Montana's great public servants. My deepest condolences to the Burns family. -John 
 Watch Live: John Kasich addresses supporters in Medford, Oregon  
Buckeyes just set an  record with 3 players in the top ten.How about another for the Gipper?  
 Of choices GOP has, most assuredly deserves this endorsement. Has never used Hispanic com to score pnts. 
  "I've decided to keep going."  
  speaking at town hall in NW Portland  WATCH:  
 Watch live: takes the stage for Portland town hall event 
 LIVE NOW: Ohio Gov. holds town hall event in NW Portland. 
  event in Portland starts ~230pm WATCH LIVE at  
A big endorsement for John Kasich today... 

Increasing opportunity for HS students to take college courses is making higher ed more affordable for 1000s in Ohio.
  "understands that the Hispanic community is not monolithic" ; is concerned about jobs, economy, healt…
WV paper: "Kasich shows best qualities for president"LINK:  
WASH POST: New endorsement a "shot in the arm" for Kasich campaign. 
Another endorsement in Oregon for Gov Kasich."...the man has enough character to stand up for what he believes in."
Visit  to stock up on campaign swag for the summer! 
 New! announces town hall at Tech Museum of Innovation Saturday in San Jose. Doors open 10 a.m. RSVP 
How John Kasich and Donald Trump discuss foreign affairs ... without a teleprompter. 
John Kasich has assembled a 40-member national security team of experts. Experience matters. 
Watch our new Oregon ad and consider chipping in to keep it going strong.  
Only one is qualified to lead as Commander-in-Chief.John Kasich. 
Asked which candidate would best manage foreign affairs, 54% of US experts said Kasich. 2% said Trump 
Do your part to keep John Kasich's campaign moving ahead. Contribute by clicking 
Never wavering from his commitment to a campaign focused on optimism and strength, John Kasich will continue making his supporters proud.
Time and again John Kasich has rebooted how government works for taxpayers, delivering on each and every promise.
Throughout his career, John Kasich has shaken up the system -- with accomplishments no one thought possible.
America deserves a president that will make us proud. John Kasich's fight will continue. 
 The primary means nothing if you don't win in November! 
 16 in a row.  
Let's Get It Done.  
 I am guy , it is clear the only path to victory for the is to nominate . Poll after poll he crush…
  has a history of standing up to the status quo; he did it in Washington, he'll do it again.  
"This is the path I believe in."  
There is only one candidate who can shake things up and get things done. John Kasich. 
 John Kasich salutes his Uncle George age 90, veteran. 
Big applause for Uncle George! 
  hometown crowd for at Montour High School. Kasich went to Sto-Rox High School down the road 
 Welcome to hometown. Yes, it actually is exactly how he describes it.   
 FACT: Almost 2/3 of all GOP primary voters have voted for someone other than Donald Trump. 
John Kasich will be live with tonight around 830p ET. Be sure to tune in!
John Kasich doesn't just shake up the system. He gets results. Check it out. 
  Town Hall Meeting in Rockville, MD – LIVE at 2pm ET on C-SPAN   
 Young future voters weighing in at event. 
The endorses John Kasich for his pro-business, fiscally conservative message. 
Our campaign store is all stocked up with summer swag! Check out our new items at  
"Kasich ... has actually accomplished things that have moved the conservative agenda forward."
 NEWS: Kasich campaign will marshal campaign resources to New Mexico and Oregon, allow Cruz to focus on Indiana. 
Skyrocketing debt under a President Clinton would have a real-life impact. 
Here are highlights of the Two Paths speech the governor just spoke about on the 
The more you know... 
"Most of the country simply doesn't like [Trump ; Cruz]."
John Kasich is currently running a strong 2nd in Tuesday's primary states of MD, CT, DE and RI. Cruz is a distant third. 
  "I would have joint policing ; intelligence gathering by the entire civilized world."  
  "I would put $100 billion more in the military."  
John Kasich is on the  showing why experience is so vital in a Commander-in-Chief. 
Do a little compare and contrast between John Kasich and Donald Trump on Foreign Affairs.  
"Buyer's Remorse" in New Hampshire. 
Republicans, let's put Pennsylvania in play.  
15 polls in a row.
"Why Polls Show John Kasich is the Only Republican Who Can Defeat Hillary Clinton": 
  "I've balanced more than all the people you will meet times ten."  
When John Kasich came into office, Ohio had been knocked for a loop -- losing 350k jobs. Since then... 
John Kasich balances budgets. He's done it in DC. He's done it in Ohio.Read the plan:  
 Poll: In head to head matchups, only beats 
Tune in NOW to see John Kasich on in America's Town Hall.
 Now this is a story all about how met Will Smith at the airport. 
Tune in tonight to at 810p ET to see John Kasich on America's Town Hall. 
Catalina is volunteering in PA. She's supporting John Kasich because she wants a better future for her grandkids. 
The latest NBC/Marist poll makes the point again -- the White House is too important to just give away to Clinton. 
The Philadelphia Inquirer endorses John Kasich, telling voters who really want to shake things up -- vote Kasich. 
 We'll talk with Governor this morning on Face the Nation. Tune in!
Go ahead and set your DVRs now! 
Only one is ready to be Commander-in-Chief.  
 Bethany ; Alex are volunteering for John Kasich in PA because they want a president who knows how to get things done ht…
 Poll: In head-to-head matchups, only beats 
 Thank you so much for coming out today!
 One of our volunteers who came to PA to help the team has a great reason for supporting John Kasich. 
 Thx to our volunteers who are making the case for at the Utah State Convention today!  
Good morning, Rhode Island! Thanks for the warm welcome at 
John Kasich is LIVE now in Smithfield, RI. Watch on our Facebook page: 
 Line is growing here at Bryant University. is expected to take the stage at 11 
Thanks, looking forward to tomorrow's Smithfield, RI event! 
Phenomenal crowd in Glastonbury, CT tonight! Watch live at  
 Packed house now at rally in Glastonbury, CT 
Ronald Reagan won the presidency by building a broad ; diverse coalition of support. Only Kasich can do the same. 
 Thx for coming out!
Our current POTUS wasn't ready for the job, and today's problems are too important for more on-the-job training.
We'll continue to monitor this closely and the state will work w/ local law enforcement however we can. -John 2/2 
Reports we are receiving from Peebles are tragic beyond comprehension. -John 1/2 
Grateful for the support of our friends in the Ohio legislature!  
"I hope that as you commemorate Passover this week, you experience the love ; grace of the God who brings freedom." 
In the Pittsburgh area? RSVP to be a part of an election-eve Kasich homecoming event in McKees Rocks on Monday! 
 ICYMI: false claim that there have been no negative ads against 
WMUR poll shows John Kasich is the only GOPer defeating Hillary Clinton in swing state New Hampshire.  
Compare and contrast. 
 Our Paoli, PA team is getting after it. Keep it up! 
 Indiana Gov. Mike Pence says he's meeting with next week
Who's ready to lead our nation as Commander-in-Chief? Only Kasich. 
Kasich 50, Clinton 36Trump 31, Clinton 50Cruz 34, Clinton 48 
 WMUR poll: Kasich only Republican who leads Clinton in NH  
  praises Harriet Tubman: She 'changed the world' 
 NEW: Once (and future?) GOP gov candidate backs for president 
"[Harriet Tubman] wasn’t some big shot. She became a big shot because of what she did." 
 Details on Ohio Gov. first public campaign event in Indiana. 
  to hold town hall meeting at Hamilton County Fairgrounds Tuesday at 11a. Register here 
  on Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill: She started a movement--she put one foot in front of the other, changed th…
Opportunity is happening in Ohio. Let's make it happen for America.Join the team!  
The first 100 Days in less than 90 seconds.
 the serious GOP candidate - ready to lead on day 1; only candidate who will defeat Hillary Clinton Nov. 
Today Gov. Kasich picked up his 50th newspaper endorsement!  
 Update from RNC mtg in Hollywood, FL: Stronger support among members for John Kasich than one might expect, but they'r…
Cutting taxes across the board stimulates economic growth. Raising them will only stifle it. -John  
 Gov. We're making lots of headway with delegates.  
 Gov. Kasich speaking at RNC meeting in South FL: "my message to delegates is that I can win." 
"A Kasich general election candidacy would signal a GOP getting serious about what it stands for..."  
BIG news in Ohio. 10,478 new businesses were created last month. A new all-time record!  
The more you know... 
Now that Cruz is now mathematically eliminated, the only diff between him and Kasich is Kasich can defeat Clinton.
LIVE: Watch John Kasich answer questions from the editorial board studio at 
In head-to-head polls vs. Hillary Clinton, only John Kasich consistently wins. And wins big. 15 polls in a row. 
 98% counted and holding  lead over   
 Congratulations to who defeated  in his HOME BOROUGH according to election coverage. htt…
15 in a row for John Kasich.Meanwhile, Trump and Cruz are losing.The presidency is too important to give away.
Going forward, polls show John Kasich is consistently the best candidate to take on Trump. 2nd in CT, MD, NJ. And 2nd tonight in NY.
 ELECTION UPDATE:With 57% of the vote, leads in Trumps hometown - New York City - by 2.6%.
America, let's choose leadership that serves.Join us and keep our campaign going strong. 
  projects will finish 2nd. will finish 3rd in New York Primary.
 WATCH: Supporter at town hall gives boxing gloves: "Thanks for fighting for us." 
Hey New York, there's just a few hours left to vote for John Kasich! Grab your friends ; family and go vote! 
 Leadership, executive experience, foreign policy, balanced budget.Why vote rookie when you can vote  htt…
This is the 15th poll in a row showing John Kasich defeating Hillary Clinton. 
 McKees Rocks native ; Republican Presidential hopeful in  Market Sq at 130pm ht…
Gov. makes "the case for Kasich—and his reasons are compelling." 
John Kasich answers the call.  
 A vote cast for "the only one with a heart," by Helena De Meo, 55, a school monitor from Brentwood. 
 Vote in New York! Experience matters, defeating Clinton matters, and being kind and respectful matters! 
New York, we're facing some big challenges. We need a president who's ready on day one.  
"Don't let anyone tell you John Kasich can't win the Republican nomination." 
Are you ready, New York?Tomorrow is election day! Find your voting location here:  
John Kasich's Community-Police Initiative is encouraging greater understanding because  Visit: 
John Kasich gains the support of "one of the most iconic names in New York political history." 
And against John Kasich she doesn't stand a chance. 14 straight polls showing victory:  
"The whole point of this is to win the White House. Gov. Kasich has the best shot of doing that." 
 Theodore Roosevelt's great-grandson endorses Kasich  | AP photo 
Honored to have the endorsement of such a passionate public servant in the tradition of his great-grandfather. 
 a real pleasure to get back on the campaign trail for I spent many yrs traveling to every corner of CA. 
 Onondaga Co. Exec. Joanie Mahoney will endorse   
"This year’s key number isn’t 1,237. It’s 270." 
Experience that's made a difference. 
 Heading over to to talk about why New Yorkers should vote for - tune in!
It's what we need in a president. ====Be a part of our team. Sign up at  
Want to pitch in but can't travel? Support our campaign from home! Here's how:  
 A man with aggressive cancer whom hugged at a town hall in Plymouth, MA, in February, sent me this essay 
  "I will make the Democrats have to fight in places that they have not had to fight in decades." 
 Watch exclusive interview with ahead of the New York primary tomorrow on  
 knows defeating Hillary Clinton is essential. That's why he's endorsed John Kasich for president. 
  will be on my Sunday PM show about his new endorsement for and their strategy for…
Thank you Gov. for your words of support! 
Can you join our volunteers on the ground in Pennsylvania? Sign up today!  
Our team out-hustled the other campaigns ; just secured the plurality of delegates that will represent IN at the convention. Strong work!
NEW JOBS REPO: Ohio was 1 of the top priv sector job creators last month. OH up 427k since Gov. Kasich took office 
RSVP today!   
RSVP today!   
Here's info on Gov. Kasich statewide initiative to help campuses w/ new strategies to fight against sexual violence. 
John Kasich's last budget targeted $2 million to help stop sexual assaults on campuses. 
OH Alliance to End Sexual Violence thanked Gov. Kasich for providing 1st-ever state funding for rape-crisis centers. 
Victims needs to know we're doing everything we can to have their backs, and that's happening in Ohio under John Kasich's leadership. 3/3
That's why John Kasich has worked so hard to provide campuses with the tools they need to make sure victims have the necessary support. 2/3
Only one person is at fault in a sexual assault, and that's the assailant. 1/3
Watch a live stream of Gov. Kasich's town hall in Utica, NY NOW at 
The Syracuse Post-Standard endorses Kasich saying "we are deciding who will represent us to the rest of the world." 
What happens when liberal Democrats sweep from the Senate to the Statehouse?Ted Cruz is the "worst-case scenario".
 
Gov. Kasich is holding a town hall event NOW in Watertown, NY. Watch the live stream at 
 Fox News poll: When it comes to vote preference, is up by 9 points over  
Catch this last night? endorsed John Kasich noting Kasich is the ONLY candidate who defeats Clinton.
 Tonight: and stand up from 
"We risk losing everything from White House to the courthouse to the statehouse..." 
14 of them.In a row. 
 Tonight, Seth welcomes Gov. and Plus, stand-up from 
Tonight's CBS News poll is the 14th straight that shows John Kasich defeating Hillary Clinton.
Fmr. Gov. ; Pres. candidate was just on where he issued a strong endorsement for John Kasich.
 "He will successfully lead this great country," says alongside formally endorsing him 
ENDORSED: "We don’t even understand how the choice for the Republican nomination can be anything but crystal clear." 
John Kasich again showing America the toughness and substance necessary of a Commander-in-Chief.  
  "I think ultimately Republicans at the convention are going to say 'who can win this race?' It's
  "I thought about it long ; hard and I've decided I'm going to endorse for president." 
John Kasich just showed why US experts in believe he's best prepared to lead.  
The world needs America to lead. America needs a Commander-in-Chief who is ready on Day One.  
 Happening shortly: endorsing here at the NYC GOP dinner
Our national security is far too important to leave in inexperienced hands. John Kasich is ready.  
 Joining to talk about whom I'm endorsing to go all the way to the White House.
In the new CBS poll vs Hillary Clinton, John Kasich wins 83% of GOPers, Cruz ; Trump win 82%. 
A 50-state survey of 44,000 voters is very telling:Kasich can defeat Hillary. Trump ; Cruz can't. 
Here's the map Gov. Kasich is referring to.  Kasich is the GOP's only hope of defeating Hillary. 
Immigration reform starts with securing the border.   
True leaders plant hope, not fear. 
 Coming up!!  Don't miss it! 
 New Fox Poll shows loses to in a head-to-head matchup.  
 Add this poll to the pile showing John Kasich doing well in prospective November matchups with Hillary.  
 New polls show is GOP's best chance at beating ; in head to head 
 Two Ohio superstars and ran into each other on the streets of NYC earlier today 
 Thanks my man! Both was surprised to see each other out here!!! Good luck   
 Mike's Deli. And it was delicious. -John
In NYC and just ran into one of the all-time great Buckeyes. Good luck in the draft 
This reckless behavior is unacceptable. As POTUS, John Kasich will stand up for our security and that of our allies. 
Going to be up late? Tune in to NBC's TONIGHT to see John Kasich! 
 At town hall with on Long Island -- Tune in at 7pm ET to watch it unfold... 
Former Rhode Island Governor Lincoln Almond endorsed Gov. Kasich today! Read more here:  
 Town Hall tonight!  Don’t miss in NY   
Make sure you catch these highlights from the  event on CNN from earlier this week.
Our grassroots teams in Maryland ; Pennsylvania need your help to reach voters! Sign up:  
"Kasich’s qualifications are all the clearer — screamingly so — when matched against those of competitors" 
 Packed crowd in Savage Village, MD for Fire Marshall stopped letting people in. 
Watch the governor live NOW... 
We need you!Be a part of our growing grassroots team in Maryland ; Pennsylvania! Sign up:  
 Kasich is the GOP's only hope against Clinton, per our analysis  
 Packed house awaits in Savage, MD.  
Choose leadership that serves.Watch and  these highlights from John Kasich's acclaimed "Two Paths" speech.
  appears to be right when he says he’s the Republican with the best chance to beat 
 Watch exclusive Town Hall with TOMORROW at 7PM ET! 
 Interesting state-by-state look at how alone among GOP would change the electoral map and win the WH 
 woiuld top in electoral vote, says new analysis from :
"Ohio Gov. John Kasich is the only candidate who could beat Clinton in November. Both Trump and Cruz would lose."
New 40,000 person study shows Cruz  ; Trump losing badly to Clinton. Kasich wins.  
ICYMI, the  made a big impression last night on CNN. 
My prayers go out for the family ; fellow officers of Cols. SWAT officer Steven Smith. 'Blessed are the peacemakers...', Matt. 5:9 -John
  to Pelley: “Virtually every poll, I am the only one that beats Hillary Clinton”  ht…
 SWING STATE POLLING: Cruz or Trump means Clinton electoral domination in November.Kasich expands the map and WINS. ht…
 On tonight's tells us he will be the nominee coming out of the GOP convention. 
"If I were Kasich, I'd do exactly what he's doing." -Sen.  
There are two paths.
Gov. Kasich's "Two Paths" speech is getting noticed. Here's the recap ; full video in case you missed it: 
 Thank you ; for a fantastic night! Loved our trip to NYC - see you again soon! 
 Which  candidate has what it takes to be president? All voters point to  
"Authentic." "Genuine." "Like that family down the street." "So down to earth and relatable."
"A political strategy based on exploiting Americans instead of lifting them up inevitably leads to divisions." 
 Kasich: "I say to you that this path to darkness is the antithesis of all that America has meant for 240 years"
 Wow!!! What an incredible and hope filled speech by If you want anyone else for President at this point, yo…
  We have been told "America has become dark," but "when we unite as a country, America always wins" 
"This is the path I believe in."  
"The power is within each and every one of us."  
Some think that the anger some Americans are expressing is defined by some nostalgic look backward for simpler times 
 "I've had enough of people telling me what they're going to do. Tell me what you've done."   
 Phenomenal speech by today.
Have you seen the Kasich action plan to make America safer ; stronger? 
 Don't let anyone tell you that America isn't great, says:   
"Leading is serving."   
"This is what makes America great, not some politician or some law."Watch NOW on CNN.  
"We fight for what is good and what is right."   
Tune in now to CNN to see John Kasich's major speech -- TWO PATHS.  
Coming up at 10:30AM EDT, John Kasich delivering a major speech on Two Paths. WATCH: 
Did you miss last night's town hall with Watch the full video here:  
There are two paths -- and voters have a choice to make. Tune in at 10:30 AM EST.
John Kasich's path is one of victory in November. The other candidates can't say the same.
Great shot of the  tonight. Chip in and let's get them to the White House!  
John Kasich is the only Republican ready and able to take the fight to terrorism -- and win.  
"I’d be for the most right, viable candidate who could win." -William F. Buckley 
John Kasich is right. He's the ONLY Republican who can defeat Hillary Clinton.  
As Reese Kasich reminded us tonight, we live in the United, not Divided, States. Let's get behind a uniter.  
A record to be proud of.  
Buckle up, America.John Kasich's first 100 days in the Oval Office will shake things up.
  "I don't think that anybody should make a promise when they run for office that they don't legitimately think th…
John Kasich knew what it would take to get the budget balanced ... and he did it.  
Here's the moment the governor is speaking about on right now. 
Enjoy the  event on CNN? Flip over to on for the governor's town hall.
  is blowing my mind.  He respects,  includes, and laughs at himself.
 The  is like that  family down the street that always opened up their home to all the kids in the neighbo…
 I'm a strong woman, I wouldn't be with a man who doesn't respect me and my daughters - 
 The  With The  Is Amazing, What A Night For CNN And Governor Kasich... Thank U
Tune in tomorrow at 10:30am EST!  
 John Kasich: "I want government as a last resort, not as a first resort"   
 Kasich says he will give a speech Tuesday in opposition to rhetoric that "runs this country down."  
 John Kasich: "We hear so much negativity... that's not our country"   
 Hands down, the cutest moment is when Kasich's daughter called him out 4 his bad jokes. The  has now set t…
Emma ; Reese are doing great! Read their blog post about their first time on the pres campaign trail:  
Like what you're seeing with the  on CNN? Let's make them the First Family! Chip in at  
 "I know more about my dad than anything anyone says" - Reese Kasich says about media commentary on 
 Great to hear the  talking about  I say "Nobody Has The Power To Ruin Your Day."
 Enjoying the  townhall on Feel like we get to see the "real" person running for office.
 "I tell my daughters you need to stand up against it" - Kasich on bullying in schools 
 Karen Kasich on running marathons ; running for Pres.: Start out slow ; steady   
 Really love seeing the  on with ! What a lovely family
 is the king of dad jokes? LOVE 
The best of John Kasich's dad jokes:  
Makeup is on and we're ready for our closeup! Tune in NOW to CNN.  
Convention, here we come.   
Polls show only John Kasich consistently defeats Hillary Clinton.  
  has arrived for tonight’s Town Hall. We are 5 mins away. Watch online:  
The governor's daughters get ready to head to the studio after a New York dinner! Tune in to CNN at 9pm EST! 
  sits down for a Town Hall moderated by CNN Tonight at 9pm ET  
  joins for a special one-hour interview, tonight at 10p ET.  Don't miss it! 
 Several hundred people wait in line to see at Saratoga Springs City Center. O 
John Kasich will be giving a major speech tomorrow called TWO PATHS. Tune in at 10:30 EST: 
 Don't miss special Town Hall w ; family - hosted by 9pET:  
Watch John Kasich's Troy, NY town hall LIVE now on 
 In Troy NY, just started his town hall meeting. Got a standing ovation. Don't usually see that. 
Tonight Gov. Kasich joins in Saratoga Springs NY for a special town hall event. Don't miss it! 
Proud to receive the endorsement of Oregon's this week:  
We keep saying -- the wind is at our backs. 
Emma ; Reese are heading to NY! The Kasich girls will be checking in throughout the day before the CNN event at 9 ET
  arrives. Says crowds are growing for him in NY. Says he sees hope as opposed to "division, paranoia." 
Looking forward to it! Visit  to register for our first Maryland event. 
John Kasich's protestors came in yelling and using noise makers. They came out impressed w/ Gov. Kasich. See why.
 Colleen Brundige of Speigletown supports 1st to show at La Salle  
Tune in for a special event with the Kasich family tonight at 9 from New York! 
How often do you see all the polls saying the same thing? John Kasich can ; will defeat Hillary Clinton this fall. 
 A woman who interrupted Kasich to protest him at a town hall said she was "touched" he actually met with her after 
Some candidates kick out protestors. John Kasich met with his. See what happened.LINK: 
 Rep. Jewish Coalition poll: ".. was the overwhelming favorite Republican" 
  "I'm the only person who consistently beats Hillary Clinton in the Fall." What, are we going to pick someo…
John Kasich will be on  this morning. Be sure to check your local listings!
 Thanks for coming!
 More than 3,000 packed the Greece Community Center to see today  
 Yesterday I said it was biggest event I've seen this campaign. Now it was today in Greece, NY w/ 3k+ ppl 
Packed in Westchester, NY. 
LIVE: Watch Gov. Kasich now at in New Rochelle, NY at 
 Just announced that is delayed by weather, just landed at Westchester County Airport.  
 Probably about 1,000 people here waiting for to speak at in Westchester, NY.  
 WOW emotional moment on the campaign trial. 17 yr old overwhelmed when she gets a chance to meet . 
 WATCH LIVE: holds a town hall in Greece, New York  
 Shut Up and Dance with Gov. John Kasich.   
 WATCH: holds town hall in Rochester, NY  
  speaks to overflow room before taking main stage. "Kasich! Kasich" chants starting now. 
  is in the overflow room first to say hi. 3000+ here waiting to see him. 
 Before the Rochester event, talking to 1,500 people in an OVERFLOW room 
 SCENE: will address this packed overflow crowd ahead of his town hall event here in Rochester. 
Wow.  
 An unexpected thing I've come to terms with covering 2016 is that is way better than I am at basketball. 
Thousands in Rochester to see John Kasich. The line wraps all the way around the block. 
We're just 100 Days from the in Cleveland. Keep our campaign going strong!  
 It is packed here. expected to take the stage soon. Watch live   
 ANOTHER longer line for Kasich in Greece today! Crazy. Stay warm out there folks.   
Incredible crowd at in Syracuse last night! You've been quite the host, New York.  
Proud to receive the endorsement of California Assembly Republican Leader  
Loved fantastic food, great staff, wonderful owners. -John
 Standing ovation from standing-room-only Syracuse Town Hall w/ Hundreds of college student voters here. 
 The campaign says it also geo-fenced in Hillary Clinton's HQ in Brooklyn w/ the same filter on Thursday evening 
On fire.  
Looks good! 
Fmr CIA/NSA head Gen. Hayden: "Gov. Kasich has serious proposals to strengthen our military"  
Two Reagan Nat Sec advisors have endorsed John Kasich. Bud McFarlane ; Richard Allen:   
John Kasich's advisory team has 38 of the brightest and most experienced minds in Nat'l Sec  
John Kasich does.  
If you're attending our events in Syracuse, Rochester ; Westchester, be sure to check out our filter. 
 Hey  - Attending the Syracuse/Rochester/Westchester events? Be sure to use the filter 
Looking forward to it! 
Proud to be the first in Connecticut!
Want to stop Hillary Clinton from winning the White House? There's just one choice. John Kasich.
The is predicting that John Kasich will be the Republican nominee. See why:  
In case you missed it: The says Gov. Kasich is the right choice for America:  
 Doing big things at we're LIVE with presidential hopeful on   He's bei…
 takes the stage and instantly thanks for his early endorsement. "The guy's got guts."
 Awaiting the town hall at Sacred Heart University in Fairfield, CT. 
Thanks to the for having the governor on this morning!Learn more about John Kasich here: 
 Awesome to see on the Allows for a different audience to see how genuine he is
 you are tearing it up on the DP show. Won my vote just off that interview. Bring on the convention.
 Awesome job for showing another, fun, authentic side of . 
 Thanks for inviting my candidate Two of my fave fellas Great interviews/discussion
 Seeing on the has made me like him even more.
 This is just brilliant radio between and right now. Kasich is at his best: relaxed, a real person.
 Finally made it to for today's event with presidential candidate Packed house!  
John Kasich is live NOW with Dan Patrick on the Tune in now by clicking here:  
A good problem to have. "John Kasich moves Syracuse campaign event again as crowd keeps growing"
Want to help us win? Join Captains for Kasich at   
"Kasich is the only Republican in the race who consistently beats Hillary Clinton in a head-to-head matchup" 
NEW AD up in New York: "One choice to stop the Clinton political machine -- it's John Kasich."
  will be at the Saratoga Springs City Center on Monday at 5:30, doors open at 4:30  
 Governor being well received at a Brooklyn Town Hall right now. Lots of laughter and applause here. 
NEW VIDEO: New York. New York.
 Mamma mia! visits a New York deli and says he "feels so alive" 
Love it! 
On the big screen in Times Square... 
"[Kasich's] warm greeting contrasted sharply w/ Wednesday's Bronx cheer for Cruz...[who] was met w/protests ; boos." 
No doubt.  
John Kasich is in there somewhere... 
It's great to be in the Empire State!  
Our campaign is launching a new ad in New York. Check it out,  ; share with your friends in the Empire State!
  Syracuse town hall has been moved to the Curtin Special Events Room at Le Moyne College. High number of R…
SABATO: Trump and Cruz damage down-ticket Republicans.Why? Check out the numbers.  
  presents Cleveland tutor Margo Hudson with Governor's Courage Award   
Tonight Gov Kasich gave his State of the State address. Watch it in its entirety by visiting  
 Thank you for recognizing every kid needs a mentor.  helps make connections and policies for kid…
Gov. Kasich: "God bless America, God bless Ohio and God bless our futures together." 
"Together, we can move Ohio further down the path towards that vision of freedom, prosperity ; opportunity that we all believe in." 
 Local Sheriff, Schools Supt. and mother who lost son to drugs receive Courage Award on behalf of all those Ohioans fighting…
 Here's more on Courage Award winner Margo Hudson, from 
John Kasich: "Gerrymandering needs to be on the dustbin of history." 
Thx to Ohio reforms, doctor shopping has dropped by 70 percent over the past five years, a big win in fight against Rx drug abuse. 
 Gov. Kasich giving his State of the State tonight in my hometown of Marietta!  
John Kasich calls for Ohio to accelerate tax cuts to get more money back in the hands of taxpayers faster. 
John Kasich is making Ohio competitive again, diversifying the economy and creating jobs.  
College Credit Plus has saved Ohio students $50 million. Real solutions for real problems in Ohio. 
 "Science, Technology, Engineering, Math and Arts are essential for success in 21st century careers."  
 Gov. delivers a message of hope tonight at People's Bank Theatre.   
John Kasich took on the challenge of improving community and police relations. That's leadership.  
Thanks to Ohio's stronger economy, the Buckeye State is able to support education at record levels.  
John Kasich started  to encourage parents ; mentors to talk with kids about the dangers of drug abuse. 
Today there are thousands of job openings across Ohio with more than 80,000 jobs making over $50k+ on  
Without a doubt, Ohio's Third Grade Reading Guarantee is making a positive difference across Ohio.  
Fiscal responsibility, commonsense regs ; tax cuts. Kasich works for Ohio ; he will work for America.  
"The spirit of our state is in the people sitting next to us and the people we know at home." 
 Gov. makes his way to the stage to deliver the State of the State Address.  
$8B deficit ▶️ $2B surplus, $5B tax cut, Balanced Budget350k jobs lost ▶️ 400k+ new jobsOhio is on the comeback w/ Gov. Kasich 
Tune in to C-Span now to watch John Kasich's State of the State address from Marietta. Also streaming live:  
Proud to support Buy cookies to benefit the cause April 11-17 in Central Ohio Panera Cafes -John 
  adds five more state lawmakers to team in Md., including Tony O'Donnell.
 NEW: announces his Washington team. Lots of big names.  
Heading down to Marietta soon for my State of the State address. Watch tonight at 7pm on  -John
 Governor delivers Ohio State of the State Address – LIVE at 7pm ET on C-SPAN  
 Retired four star general endorses for   
A lot of opportunities to see John Kasich around New York this week. Check out the details here: 
With no candidate gaining a majority of delegates and an open convention a near certainty, the choice is clear.
 Kasich strategist email says he alone can win—if you're going by general election polls he has a point. 
  on and a possible    
Only John Kasich has the trust of experienced national security experts.Good to have on board! 
 TONIGHT watch our LIVE coverage of Gov. annual State of the State address! 7PM  ht…
Very soon! Please check back at our events page:  
  comprehensively destroys Clinton in Pennsylvania: 51 to 35 
 "Ted Cruz is not going to get to 1237 ... an open convention is a near certainty." - just now on CNN
Nothing is more important than winning back the White House in November.Only John Kasich can make that happen. 
 More than 1/3 of WI GOP primary voters won't vote for Trump OR Cruz vs Clinton. That loses the White House in Nov. 
In case you missed it: Turnout for last night's town hall in Huntington, NY was incredible.  
 Senator Cruz has a point, "facts are stubborn things." 
America needs a president who can do what he says he's going to do. For Bob in Wisconsin, that's John Kasich.
Why are Trump ; Cruz turning up the heat? They know only John Kasich can secure the nomination AND win in November. 
Need another reason to hop aboard the Kasich train? Check out our top 5 list: 
"Any combat veteran should have immediate access to health care wherever they need it."
All eyes are on you, Wisconsin! John Kasich needs your vote.Find your polling location at  
"...what Messrs. Trump and Cruz really fear is that the convention might want to nominate a potential winner." 
  Offers Comforting Words for Grieving Son of a Veteran  
Thank you for hosting!  
Thx for the opportunity to broadcast our message of optimism and results loud and clear tonight in NY.  
It's time for America to make reforms that hold our politicians accountable so we can really get things done. 
The past eight years have made it very clear why experience matters. 
  "I just don't think  had the experience...there isn't time for on-the-job training." 
Make no mistake, experience matters.  
  We Have to Unite the Civilized World Against Barbarians and Murderers  
  "There should be no homeless [vets], no veteran without healthcare, and no unemployed veteran in the United Stat…
  "Any combat veteran should have immediate access to healthcare whenever they need it -- including mental health…
As president, John Kasich is going to make sure our nation gives our veterans the support they need.  
John Kasich is right. He is dominating polls against Hillary Clinton. The others? Not so much.  
John Kasich has a strong record in Ohio of selecting judges who do their job and interpret the constitution.  
Like what you're hearing on  town hall event on Fox? Chip in to keep our campaign going strong: 
 Everyone needs to hear the answer gave to a high school teacher about keeping the world safe.  SUBSTANCE!!!!!…
John Kasich is on  showing the substance required to be Commander-in-Chief. Check out his nat sec plan here: 
John Kasich has made sure Ohio takes workforce training seriously. Check out some of his initiatives here: 
Only John Kasich knows what it takes to bring jobs back home to American shores.  
Gov Kasich knows what it takes to break the status quo and solve problems. He'll do it again as president.  
  "Never underestimate persistence and a good idea...when you have it, you can change the world."  
  "If you get elected, you should not be elected worried about the next election. It renders you ineffective." 
  "I believe we've got to fix Social Security...balance the budge...[but] one party can't do it all." 
John Kasich understands that real problems need real solutions. He's done it before, he can do it again.  
An incredible turn out for our town hall tonight in Long Island. Our apologies to all who couldn't make it inside! 
 On disaster relief, tells NY audience, "Let's find a conservative approach that reflects a human approach" 
 Ever notice that is only candidate who gets information from questioners so he can follow up with more? 
Are you watching Gov. Kasich on  Tune in to Fox News NOW.
 Gov on helping small businesses: Common sense regulations; lower taxes; path toward a balanced budget -OTR 
 Former WI Gov Scott McCallum is supporting why:   
Only John Kasich has serious solutions for serious problems.  
 TONIGHT 7pET: 'On the Record' is live on the campaign trail w/ in Huntington, NY! 
Almost your turn, Wisconsin! Find your polling location at  ; vote for John Kasich tomorrow! 
 WSJ says Cruz mathematically eliminated:"Mr. Cruz ... must take 102% of remaining bound delegates to reach 1,237"ht…
Looking forward to it! 
Watch the video, then see what Trump and Cruz are so worried about here:  
Three screenshots from RealClearPolitics that perfectly explain why Trump and Cruz are so scared of John Kasich. 
 Tweet me your questions for using  - he may answer tonight 'On the Record' at 7pET on 
Thanks for coming out, Hofstra!Join our team at  
New poll shows Kasich defeating Hillary Clinton while Trump and Cruz lose.As usual.
John Kasich is LIVE now in Hofstra. Watch here: 
Donald Trump doesn't want to run against John Kasich. Here's why:  
 Filing in for Town Hall!  
Fmr WI Gov. Tommy Thompson backs John Kasich because America needs a president ready on Day One.
That's not how our republic works, Donald. We'll keep fighting until someone reaches a majority of delegates.  
Baseball is back! Happy  -John
Check local listings for Gov. Kasich's exclusive interview with tomorrow morning!  
It's the longest ; most successful alliance of the past 100 years. Yes, it must innovate. Disbanded? No way. 
Tune in tomorrow! 
"[Kasich is] the perfect candidate for president, with the right balance of experience and success"  
Gov. Kasich chatting w/ some Burlington EMTs before our WI town hall. Watch it live here:  
 Wind, snow or shine, Madison is Kasich Country!  
Visit  to watch a live feed of Gov. Kasich's town hall in Burlington, WI this morning!
Records matter. America needs a president who knows how to get things done. 
Good morning! Don't miss Gov. Kasich on at 9am EDT today. 
Thanks for your support!  
Gov. Kasich enjoyed being back in his native state at a town hall in Hershey, PA this morning!  
Ohioans have created more than 400,000 private sector jobs on John Kasich's watch. 
 LIVE: addressing the  in Camp Hill  
Thanks for the kind words ; support.  
We're coming your way, New Yorkers! Register for an event at  
 Waiting for to arrive. Packed house!!! 
 Standing room only in Hershey, PA as returns to the state for two events today 
 Hershey, PA - People waiting to get into town hall this morning 
One hour left until the fundraising deadline! Chip in and let's keep our momentum growing. 
The past 24 hrs made it clearer than ever, Donald Trump is not ready to be President. America still has a choice.
 Kasich once again the strongest GOP general candidate in our new national poll- leads Clinton 45/41, Sanders 44/41: 
Great to have you on board! 
 WATCH: GOP candidate predicts there will be a contested Republican convention.
 John Kasich takes a swipe at Donald Trump, saying President of the United States can't make "wild-eyed suggestions" 
 Kasich to Trump supporters: I want to offer myself up as a new vessel that can actually understand your problems...take ac…
 John Kasich on Donald Trump supporters: "Their frustration, their expressions do not fall on deaf ears for me" 
 Kasich now making the appeal to Trump supporters: "Their frustrations, their expressions do not fall on deaf ears for me."
 WATCH NOW: speaks in New York, addresses national security  
 For those people who have been fervent Trump supporters- "their frustrations do not fall on deaf ears for me." -Gov
 Watch LIVE: set to speak in New York, addressing recent comments made by Trump  
 Getting ready to hear response to recent remarks.   
"In seven of those conventions, the GOP did not nominate the person who came in with the most delegates." 
 and once again, only one candidate puts New York in play for the general, and it's 
No contest: John Kasich is the ONLY Republican who can beat Hillary in November.  
You'll want to see John Kasich's incredible interview on Trump ; other issues from Good Morning America this AM.
"Donald Trump is not ready to be Commander in Chief." 
Ready to hop aboard the Kasich train? Chip in at   
Need another reason to vote for John Kasich?He's the only Republican who can win in November. 
Wages in Ohio are growing faster than the national average. How can we raise wages nationwide?  
Gov. Kasich's Task Force on Community-Police Relations is making strides in healing divisions ; mistrust in Ohio: 
Time to get tough on North Korea ; find solutions. 
Gov. Kasich was one of the first to call for a coalition to defeat ISIS:   
Looking for a leader who can get things done? John Kasich delivers.  
John Kasich has what it takes to step into crisis and lead from Day One. 
  to A good leader doesn't drive people to doom and gloom.  
What can Gov. Kasich do as president? Just take a look at what he's done as governor of Ohio.  
We have our challenges, but they can be overcome. 
Jobs, jobs, jobs.In Ohio, Gov. Kasich has helped create over 400k of them.  
Tune in NOW to see Gov. Kasich on 
 It's a jam packed night on starting w exclusive  town hall at 7pET.  
GALLUP: "Kasich now has the most positive net favorable rating of any of these five candidates." 
 happily obliging photo requests from the cooks and waiters at Gino's in Howard Beach Queens  
  reacts to Trump's abortion comments: "Of course, women shouldn't be punished" for having an abortion 
“I’d be for the most right, viable candidate who could win.”– William F. Buckley
 Pres candidate outside Gino's  in Howard beach   
While others talk, it's John Kasich with the vision and experience to shake up Washington and move America ahead.
 If you follow we can PM you with more info :)
Thank you for your support!  
Among Gov Kasich's 37-member nat'l sec team are 2 fmr Reagan Nat'l Sec advisors. That's 2 more than everyone else. 
In case you missed it: Yesterday the Milwaukee endorsed Gov. Kasich!  
 TODAY: Back-to-back exclusive events w/  
 Donald Trump says NATO is obsolete. Is it?John Kasich: Well, of course it's not. That's absurd.
America needs a president who knows what it takes to get things done and has the record to back it up. 
 I'd rather feel safe than feel rabble-roused. It's for me.    
Pls consider chipping in $10 or more before the Thursday March deadline!   One week from the WI Primary!
Like what you heard tonight? Show your support and let's keep this campaign moving forward! Chip in at  
 "The spirit of our country doesn't rest in the President." says it rests in the neighborhoods. 
 Blown away by tonight. Wish everyone watched the  PLEASE give him more air time! Peo…
 Earnest answers by Comes across as genuine, regardless of what you think of his positions. 
 Talking job growth rate? From 1990-2010 OH ranked 46th in private sector job growth rate. From 2011-2015 Ohio jumped 24…
The big difference between John Kasich and the other candidates? He's gotten things done.  
Check out  to learn our plan to support small business and create opportunity for job creation. 
Not only has John Kasich eliminated the estate tax in Ohio, he's completely phasing out income taxes for small biz in Ohio. 
Renewing our alliances takes statesmanship. John Kasich is up to the task.   
 This is at his best. 
America needs a leader who can make free trade work for Americans.  
This is John Kasich.  
Results &gt; Rhetoric  
 is on fire on 
It wasn't easy, but John Kasich got the job done and balanced our nation's budget.  
FACTS. 
He's said it before ; he'll say it again:John Kasich won't take the low road to the highest office in the land.
John Kasich said NO to an Obamacare state exchange and has made real reforms for Ohio.  
  on pro-Cruz super PAC: "They are hammering me and they're not hammering Trump. That's very interesting."
 Kasich on whether NATO is obsolete: "Of course it's not. That's absurd." Follow   
"We can't afford polarization."  
 John Kasich if he would fire Trump's campaign manager: "Of course I would"   
  says it is "absurd" that called NATO "obsolete."    
 has more national security experience than ANY other candidate in the race. 
John Kasich's 37-person nat'l security advisory team is ready to go. Learn our plan:  
Check out some more open convention history here: 
Fact: Only John Kasich wins in November. 
John Kasich is coming up on CNN's  you wait, catch up on John Kasich's 1st 100 Days.
 Remember America. Polling like this gets you a map like that.  
 Thank you for the quote. Sonny once said to me "Kasich will be President one day." I agree and support  
This week John Kasich provided a strong, substantive answer on NATO's role in the world:  
As the  continues, the Milwaukee-Journal Sentinel today endorsed John Kasich:   
"John Kasich alone is uniquely qualified ... to protect our nation."  
 
The only one who is ready to be Commander-in-Chief.  
A reminder. We have to make our children proud. 
 Tomorrow night is jam-packed! Don't miss ; on 
Since 2011 400k+ Ohioans have gained a new job. And right now on  there are more than 170k job openings. 
Learn about the significant reforms John Kasich has made in Ohio to fight opiate abuse:  
Our presidential campaigns ; candidates should set an example for our young people.From today's town hall in WI... 
LIVE: Watch hold a town hall event in Waukesha, Wisconsin. 
 Big night tomorrow! Four exclusive events with and 
What did John Kasich think about Donald Trump's foreign policy outline in the NYT? Listen to this.
 "The ideal would be a two-front war against Trump." 
Fmr WI Gov. Tommy Thompson: "I think a vote for Donald Trump and Ted Cruz is a vote for Hillary Clinton."
  joins me at 10:10 on radio...listen live here:      call to weigh…
Support from home by joining our National Phone From Home Program!  
Read this. 
Coming up in 5: Don't miss Gov. Kasich on  w/ Martha McCallum at 9pm ET!
Phenomenal crowd in Madison tonight. Loving the enthusiasm, Wisconsin!  
 WATCH LIVE: hosts town hall event in Madison:  
America deserves a president with the experience and substance necessary to lead as Commander-in-Chief. 
RCP Gen. Election Polling:Key States where John Kasich wins: PA, MI, OH, NHKey States where Trump ; Cruz lose: PA, MI, OH, NH, FL, WI, VA
Want to stop Donald Trump? gives you something to think about.
 GOP's is holding a town hall in West Salem, WI this hour. We are streaming:  
 WATCH LIVE: to hold town hall at a steel manufacturer outside La Crosse, Wis.:  
Learn more here:  
  offers most in-depth national security plan among GOP candidates
Watch Gov. Kasich's full interview on this morning's 
"Let us remember the victims ... as we gather strength and resolve to defeat all who threaten our values." 
From my family to yours, have a blessed and happy Easter! -John 
  and join  to discuss their recent campaign efforts and strategies going forward. 
He is risen.
 Only one wins in November. 
 Karen Kasich: "wants to unite us ; not divide us. We’re a country that’s been too divided for too long." 
 Tomorrow on  → primary analysis,  coverage, and sits down with ;
 There is a 22 point swing towards R between the HRC v and HRC v in Fox News poll:
If you didn't catch interview w/ on this week, it's airing again tonight at 7PM EDT!
Americans shouldn't have to be nervous about their jobs going overseas. John Kasich has actually brought jobs home. 
Let's not forget America's national debt stands at $19.2 trillion. We need a balanced budget. 
How about we talk issues? America needs a steady hand with the experience to lead the fight against terrorism. 
When integrity matters more than attention, taking the high road comes naturally. 
If you think it can't be done, ask to do it. 
 When the Kasichs hit the campaign trail in New Hampshire...and it paid off! 
You can count on to prove the naysayers wrong. It's kind of his thing. 
Get the latest campaign news ; updates by downloading the  mobile app today!  
No fewer than 6 polls this week show ahead of Hillary Clinton. Now that's electability! 
The "pendulum swings" to John Kasich. 
  beats Clinton in a potential match-up, latest poll finds  
 So when people tell Kasich to drop out, the latest polling solidifies his case for presenting himself as best option at an…
 Also latest Monmouth: JK leads HRC in swing states (46%-41%), leaning states (47%-36%), red states (59%-26%)   
 4 Reasons  Conservatives Should Stop Telling to Drop Out of the 2016 Race by
More evidence that John Kasich is key to stopping Trump and defeating Hillary Clinton.
 Heyo! hot on heels in Pennsylvania 
 New PA poll: tied 
NEW PA POLL: "There is no doubt this is a huge rise [for John Kasich].” 
 editors have a message for John Kasich: Stay In.  
 Updated RCP averages w/ all five new national polls show John Kasich is the only one who can stop a Clinton victory. ht…
 Fox,Bloomberg,Quinnipiac,CNN,CBS/NYT polls,each + every one, show John Kasich the only GOP candidate who beats 
☝ 
New poll is third straight w/ the same result. Only John Kasich defeats Hillary Clinton.  
"Kasich is the real deal, making it crucial we elect him as our next president." 
  on beating ISIS "it's not about patrolling neighborhoods" says it takes coalition "to destroy ISIS in the …
  says he'd send gas tax revenue, welfare and education programs to the states -- who he says can do it better. 
Tune in now! 
Very well said. It's ideas and serious, honest debate that can drive America forward as it has for nearly 240 years. 
 New Q Poll:Clinton v Trump: 46/40Clinton v Cruz: 45/42 Kasich v Clinton: 47/39
New poll shows 1 on 1, Cruz allows Trump to max out on delegates. We must keep it a three-way race going forward:  
Don't forget. 
Utah, make sure you attend your caucus tonight and show your support for John Kasich!INFO: 
  This is an attack on Western civilization. The President should have come back  
 in high demand tonight! Catch him on at 6:05PM EDT, at 6:15, at 7 ; at 8:15.
Utah, it's time to get behind John Kasich! Caucus is tonight at 7pm. Get more info here:  
The culture of hatred and death perpetrated against our Israeli allies is unacceptable. 
 North Carolina General Election Matchups:Cruz 42 Clinton 45 (+3)Trump 42Clinton 44 (+2)Clinton 41Kasich 49 (+…
 "We are not at war with Islam, we are at war with radical Islam."  on comments on patrolling Muslim …
  says US needs to invest in intelligence to prevent 'lone wolf ' terror attacks on US soil calls on to r…
Happening now: Gov. Kasich's about to respond to the  attacks from Minneapolis. Watch LIVE below.  
It's time to come home, Mr. President. 
John Kasich this AM showing the depth ; seriousness necessary of a Commander-in-Chief ready to fight terrorism.
  "This is a war on terror. I totally agree with should be back in the US."
  “[ also said…we should be downplaying our involvement in NATO and I don’t think that makes any sens…
The president must return home immediately and get to work with our allies to respond with strength against the enemies of the west.
We must strengthen our alliances to root out evil. Not dismantle them.  
Gov. John Kasich's statement on the terrorist attacks in  
Thanks, all! Keep it up.    
RealClearPolitics poll averages show John Kasich is the only Republican capable of defeating Hillary Clinton. 
BREAKING: 2 new polls out tonight!Only John Kasich defeats Hillary Clinton in November.
  showing he knows what he's talking about on foreign on defense policy. He does have the experience factor in h…
 Speaking at  hitting all the right notes for the crowd. Lots of standing ovations.
  delivers a strong speech against Iran and in support of Israel at  
 Standing ovation for   
 John Kasich: I have called for the suspension of the U.S. role in the    
Join  today!  
Ready to support our allies ; lead with confidence from Day One.  
  is talking about his push to have this Holocaust memorial built in Columbus:  
No more taking our only democratic ally in the Middle East for granted. Our support for Israel must be unwavering. 
Gov. Kasich is proud to speak on the incredible importance of our relationship with Israel.   
 WATCH LIVE: speaks at AIPAC conference  
 HAPPENING NOW: is addressing  at Verizon Center. Listen now at  
  speaks at  – LIVE on C-SPAN2  
When John Kasich came into office, Ohio's rainy-day fund was just 89 cents. Today it's $2 billion, all while cutting taxes by $5 billion.
 I'll talk to presidential candidates ; tonight. Have a ? for them? Tweet ; may end up on air! 
This is what it looks like when you build your national security team out of actual experts.  
Are you ready to caucus for tomorrow, Utah? Find your caucus location here!  
The only electable Republican in November is also the best one for the job. Learn More: 
Great to see opportunity expanding in Ohio -- more than 90,000 available jobs paying $50,000 or more on 
There's so much talk about process and politics -- how about 'who will actually do a good job as president'?
 AUDIO: John Kasich on President Obama's nomination of Merrick Garland for SCOTUS. 
Tune in this morning to see John Kasich! 
Appreciate your support, Mr. Reagan! 
Make sure you tune in tomorrow AM! 
Another fantastic Utah crowd, this time in St. George.  
 Watch the town hall live here: 
 Large crowd for in St. George, Utah, an area that attracts a lot of retirees 
It's almost time to vote, Utah! Find your caucus location ; remember who can win in November (hint: 
But let me be clear, any SCOTUS candidate who doesn't respect the 2nd amendment would be a non-starter. -John 2/2
As president, it will be my duty to give proper consideration to all legitimate SCOTUS candidates. -John 1/2
Real experience that will make America proud. 
  will join on  tomorrow to discuss his campaign after his win in Ohio.  
Only one of these candidates can defeat Hillary Clinton. Join our team:  
Now that's a welcome! message is resonating in Utah.  
 WATCH LIVE: Big crowd, band greet at town hall in Kaysville, Utah:  
  ; Former Gov Leavitt sitting in front of group waiting for at DHS. 
  “It is important that we win the fall election and I’m the one who can beat  
On Tuesday received more votes than any other candidate in an Ohio Republican primary EVER.As goes Ohio, so goes the nation.
Want to win in November? So do we. Only can defeat Hillary in November. 
 says is the ONLY candidate who can stop Trump. See why: 
Airing NOW: Watch on MSBNC
What was true last week remains true today: Conservative record of accomplishments ✅Can defeat Hillary in Nov ✅
 Pres candidate goes ON THE RECORD at 7p tonight - watch live or DVR 
Don't miss on MSNBC's Hardball w/ Chris Matthews tonight at 7PM EDT!
  on tonight. "No chance" that he would go on the ticket with  "Under no circums…
 Tune into  tonight at 7pm ET for a one-on-one with  
Remember, only John Kasich can win in November. 
John Kasich has proved them wrong before.He'll prove them wrong again.
 UT voter who was released from prison and struggled w/ drug addiction thanks for his stance on criminal justic…
 Former governor Mike Leavitt gives his endorsement for as the two governors take stage together in Orem. 
 Gov. taking the stage in Orem. Watch live here:  
 Standing room only... Only 400 RSVPd but more like 800 are here waiting to hear from  
You should hear this great story that reflects the kind of leadership John Kasich will provide as president.
Who's ready to take on the immense responsibility that is the presidency? There's only one. John Kasich. 
Per RCP, in swing states where all three candidates have been polled vs Clinton, Cruz and Trump lose OH, PA and NH.Kasich wins all three.
  sounds genuinely concerned about provoking violence at the GOP convention in Cleveland 
Just one candidate is in a strong position to defeat Hillary Clinton in November. John Kasich. 
"They said it couldn't be done. And we proved them wrong."
 Say what you will about (and I do!), the guy blows Hillary out in basically every state and national poll.
I have faith the American people want civilized debate over violence. It's what's kept our nation the strongest in the world. (4/4) -John
A true leader urges peaceful debate over violence. Leadership requires responsibility (3/4) -John
This implicit acceptance of violence is the kind of rhetoric that's pulling people apart. (2/4) -John
Donald Trump said there could be riots if he's "denied" the GOP nom in a contested convention. That's more unacceptable language.(1/4) -John
MAJOR UTAH ENDORSEMENT: Utah's fmr. 3-term is backing John Kasich for president. 
  Kasich is the most qualified presidential candidate when it comes to foreign policy.
ASSOCIATED PRESS: “[Ted Cruz] has no realistic path to win a majority during the primaries.” -staff
2 of our ads began airing in Utah today! Check them out:"America: Never Give Up" "Healing" 
NEW VIDEO: All the way to Cleveland!
  walks into his first event post-Ohio win, a huge crowd waiting at Villanova 
 This is the scene for at Villanova in PA, the day after he won the Ohio primary. Big overflow too. 
  "Government doesn't have the right to spend money it doesn't have to put you in debt." 
Tune in now to see John Kasich's event LIVE in Philadelphia! 
John Kasich's visit to Philadelphia has drawn overflow crowds. Incredible response! 
 A full house for the  event at Villanova University 
That moment when you win a major primary state and everything changes.
Thanks for all your help, Governor! 
Game changer. Join the fight.  
Want to defeat Hillary Clinton?  
Check out  to see where we're heading next.
 Winning.  
"We must never underestimate our ability to change the world." 
"It's been my intention to make you proud." 
Here we go, America. Chip in and let's march onward to victory.  
Victory. Join our team as we march on.  -John 
How John Kasich waits for election night results. 
Make no mistake, will continue to be a powerful voice for the future of our Republican party.  -John
 "...a whopping 54% of late deciders are going for Kasich..." 
 Team Kasich flooding mobile YouTube for get out the vote. 5 second spots feat. Romney, Arnold, Karen and Kasich: 
 Ohio Lt. Governor Mary Taylor: Late-deciders are choosing and he is going to win  
1 hour to go, Ohio! wants you to get to the polls! 
Vote for a stronger America. Vote for John Kasich. 
 Get to the c̶h̶o̶p̶p̶a̶ polls!The Governator wants YOU to vote for John Kasich on 
Two hours to go, Ohio. Remember what said. 
3 hours until polls close! As long as you are in line by 7:30 you can still vote. Find your voting location here: 
By far, John Kasich is in the best position to defeat Clinton in Nov. and return a conservative to the White House.
 confirms what Ohioans already know: leadership has restored hope to the Buckeye State.
 Don't forget to  Still time to drop off ur absentee ballot by close of polls at ur county BOE  …
John Kasich doesn't just shake things up -- he gets results.Show your support ; chip in:  
This is unacceptable. Our nation deserves a president who respects the sacrifices made by our fellow Americans. 
 I'm not a prophet or a son of a prophet but if wins OH --and I think he will-- much changes.  
You will want to see what John Kasich had to say after voting this morning in Ohio.
400,000+ new jobs. Hope ; self-sufficiency for 400,000+ families. That's the Kasich record.  
 Ohio College Republicans: who will you be voting for in tomorrow's primary election?  
John Kasich just voted. Have you?Find your voting location here:  
Calling all high-road Buckeyes! Now is the time to fight for civility ; make Ohio proud. The world is watching. 
Looking for a Reagan conservative, America? You've found him.  
John Kasich is the ONLY candidate who's brought jobs back to Ohio from Mexico. He can do the same for America. 
Today is the day! Let's make our voice heard! Ohio, find your voting location here:  
 It’s Election Day! Let’s win Ohio for ; make him our nominee for President of the United States! 
It's your time, Ohio. Watch John Kasich's election eve message to voters.Learn More: 
 Recent state polls show crushes Hillary:OH: Kasich 57 Clinton 36PA: Kasich 49 Clinton 36NH: Kasich 47 Clinton 37
 That's a wrap in Westerville. Tomorrow is Election Day, Ohio! Let's get out the vote! 
 Meanwhile Kasich's biggest applause line is: "I will never take a low road to the highest office in the land."  
John Kasich RIGHT NOW speaking to his hometown supporters. Check out  to watch live. 
Check out John Kasich's hometown election eve rally in Westerville: LIVESTREAM: 
Buckle Up.
Ohio is Kasich Country. 
Honored to get the support of Gov. Tommy Thompson in Wisconsin!  
 Ohio Gov. NOW with Triv on Super Tuesday eve. AM 1100 and 
31 pages of accomplishments as governor. A balanced budget. A $5B tax cut. 400k+ new jobs. A stronger Ohio.
  might have won best campaign event setting of the cycle. This venue is awesome. 
Tax cuts. Regs freeze. Stopping Illegal Immigration. Balanced budget plan.That's just the 1st 100 days.  
 WATCH: campaigns with "This is the guy Ohio needs to vote for."  
 Here was the scene as and entered their rally at the MAPS Air Museum in Ohio... 
Great to have the coaches on board! O-H!cc:  
 WATCH LIVE: to hit the campaign trail for 1st time this election, w  
Our nation needs a Commander-in-Chief ready on Day One. No candidate is better prepared than John Kasich. 
Thanks ; for joining at our morning stop in Youngstown!  
 BREAKING:OHIO GOP: Kasich 40/Trump 35/Cruz 15/Rubio 5   (h2h: Kasich 52/Trump 40)DEM: Clinton 54/Sanders 40
 I’ve got coming up at 1:06, listen:  
 All hands on deck at our phone bank in Columbus today!   
Thanks for your hard work, everyone! 
NEW VID: America's Time to Rise.
 Polls show ahead of in  |  
 Poll finds Kasich, Rubio moving in opposite directions on the cusp of must-win primaries  
Check out our Facebook live stream from our Youngstown event. Happening NOW: 
What have John Kasich's tax cuts done for Ohio's economy? Ask   
There's still time to RSVP to our events today in N. Canton/Westerville. Click for details:  
One day. Make your voice heard, Ohio!Find out your voting location by clicking here:  
MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT: Join John Kasich and TOMORROW for two events. RSVP here:  
Tune in to at 10PM ET to watch a re-airing of 'On the Record' Town Hall w/
Kasich works for Ohio, and he'll work for America. Spread the word!  
Gov. Kasich just began tonight's town meeting in Hanoverton, OH. Watch live here: 
Where better to talk about building a stronger America than Strongsville, Ohio?  
The choice is clear.NEW POLL:  
 Eugene Cernan, "the last man to have walked on the moon," has endorsed the Ohio governor's campaign said today
Watch John Kasich LIVE in Strongsville right now: 
 WATCH LIVE | speaks in Strongsville ahead of Tues. primary at 1p. Watch HERE:  
 John Kasich and the Ohio primary look like the last, best hope for the stop Trump forces. 
Are you ready, Ohio?Find out your voting location by clicking here:  
"No Republican has ever won the WH without winning Ohio."NEW OH POLL:Trump 42, Clinton 48Kasich 57, Clinton 36
Facts are facts. Jobs are coming TO Ohio from overseas. 
 WSJ/NBC/Marist in Ohio: Kasich 39, Trump 33 
 New poll has Kasich up 6 on Trump in Ohio  
 New NBC/WSJ/Marist poll of Ohio:Kasich 39Trump 33Cruz 19Rubio 6
ALL. FIVE. 
"[John Kasich] has used his unique gifts to help our state in more ways than I can count."
Speaking of going five for five, that's also what Gov. Kasich has gone on Ohio newspaper endorsements in the state that knows him best.
Check your local listings:Fox News SundayCNN State of the UnionABC This WeekCBS Face The NationNBC Meet the Press(2/2)
Gov. John Kasich will be a guest on ALL FIVE Sunday morning news shows today.  (1/2)
The next person to use this office should make us proud --- all of us. 
Thx to everyone who attended or watched tonight's Mansfield town hall! Watch future events live on our FB page. 
  wife, Karen, charms a crowd of supporters in Michigan.  
 Tomorrow on will talk 2016 and  Tune in at 2p ; 6p ET on  
 Thx to our volunteers heading out to campaign around Ohio this weekend! Our  is making an impact. 
Tune in to MSNBC NOW to see John Kasich's town hall from Lima.
Shout out to volunteer Kathy Frasher for coming all the way from LA to campaign for in Ohio! 
Enthusiastic response in Heath, OH today to story of bringing people together to turn Ohio around. 
"I will not take the low road to the highest office in the land" gets John Kasich a 26-second standing ovation.
Economists agree -- John Kasich is the best candidate to move America's economy ahead. 
Kasich supporters at the Ohio deer ; turkey expo - sportsmen know John Kasich is an advocate for hunting ; fishing. 
From Ohioans --- the people who know John Kasich best... 
Donald Trump tries to talk about oil's impact on the Ohio economy. He couldn't be more wrong.
 No surprise, but Donald Trump is wrong on John Kasich and Lehman Bros. FACTS: 
Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio is a top ten job creating state. 417k+ new private sector jobs since Jan 11. Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Stats
America, this is leadership.
   has created a very toxic environment."
Engineers know what John Kasich has done for workers in Ohio, here's their message for 
John Kasich knows what it takes to bring jobs home to America. Because he's actually done it. 
 800 GOP friends gather Breakfast to hear speak.  
 Ohio's gets a standing ovation as his campaign for POTUS comes to Ohio. 
Today, Gov Kasich spoke about the amazing things that happen when we work together, just like we did in Wilmington:  
 worked with Ohioans to create 400k+ new jobs after the loss of 350k.Ohio is rising.America can too.
Avoid the lines. Vote early in-person today until 4, Ohio!Find your voting location here:  
John Kasich is the only candidate who has actually brought jobs HOME from Mexico. 
Gov. Kasich's statement on tonight's events in Chicago. 
 Fact checking Donald Trump's ludicrous attack ad against John Kasich. 
Our event at Fuyao in Dayton starts soon. We worked hard to grow our biz environment and bring jobs home to Ohio. 
Thx Senator! Ohio is on the rise. -John 
Thanks for the kind words, Mr. Speaker! Proud to be working together with you for a stronger Ohio. -John 
Want to avoid lines on Tuesday in Ohio? Vote tomorrow! Find your voting location here:  
417k New Jobs. Insourcing jobs to Ohio from Mexico ; China. Wages Growing Faster Than Nation.  
Why Kasich winning Ohio is so important to stopping Donald Trump.MUST-READ: 
 JUST IN: hits the air with his first TV ad in Chicago today. Here it is: 
 Shout out to our 10 volunteers who drove all the way up from Georgia to knock on doors in Ohio for 
Winning Ohio changes the whole shape of the race. Learn how to help here:  
 Hello, Ohio! I'm hosting a town hall with at the Lima Pallet Company, tonight 8pm ET on Questions for …
NEW VID: Rhetoric isn't enough. John Kasich has a plan to bring about the job growth hoped for by so many Americans.
Huge Kasich event tmrw in the Dayton area where Fuyao is bringing 1,500+ jobs to Ohio.  
O-H! 
  weighed in on whether or not veteran's benefits should be cut to help reduce the nation's deficit. 
Americans are finding out what Ohioans have known for a long time...  
 Kasich likes to take credit for helping balance the federal budget. He should.   
Solutions over rhetoric. That's record.  
While others prey on the fears of Americans, John Kasich has a plan to address them: 
An important reminder.  
  right—Tiananmen Square reminds us of the importance of individual liberty.  
  coming out strong for Tank Man 
 Trump bobs ; weaves on Tiananmen SquareKasich forceful ; clear: the "Chinese government butchered those kids"
 Good answer from Kasich on Tiananmen.
 Kasich with a measured and thoughtful answer on the environment question.
"A strong America is what the entire world is begging for..."John Kasich will make it happen. 
 Don't know how anyone watches these debates and doesn't think is the most qualified in this field. Big leagu…
Let's vote for someone who will make our country proud.  
When mag asked US Int'l Experts who will be most effective on foreign policy, the answer was clear. 
Our allies are looking to us for strength. Let's give it to them.  
Let's make it happen, America. For our veterans.  
John Kasich is the one candidate who knows what it takes to get our veterans the support they've earned.
John Kasich is getting it done for veterans in Ohio. He can do the same for America.  
Experience matters. LINK:  
John Kasich has done a lot to help Ohio veterans as they transition to civilian life. Check out 
 spent 18 years on the Armed Services Committee.Experience matters.  
  pro-Israel program hit 90% with my group – the highest of any candidateBetter to be pro-lsrael than anti-M…
Read about John Kasich's relationship with Ohio's Jewish community. 
 Will say it again: the tenor of this  is making look good. 
 John Kasich spot on focusing on difference between radical Islamic terror and the majority of Muslims
There's strength in unity, not fear.  
  "There is a sect of this radical Islam that is really, really serious ; it poses the greatest threat to us today…
John Kasich is the only candidate who's ready to shake things up in Washington --- and get things done.
 tax cuts will transform the U.S. economy like they've transformed Ohio's.   
 Kasich knows a bit about the budget. Fo sure.
 When took on Washington he WON. When took it on he lost and lost and lost.  I think it's time to WIN…
Scoreboard.  
A lot of talk.Here's someone who was willing to take on Washington. And he won.  
  says vocational education should start earlier to connect students with "real-world jobs"  
 Kasich is great on schools and preparing people for real jobs. 
It's time to empower the states. Consolidate the Department of Education and bring education home.  
 “We lock our doors at night. Our country needs to lock its borders” hit 84% with my  group.Good lines from
  on immigration: “We lock our doors at night in our homes, and the country has to be able to lock its doors as …
John Kasich was counting in thousands, folks.   
 I don't mean to brag, but the class of the  is ... Ohio governor John Kasich.
  I believe the strength in this country rests in the communities, in the people 
More than 400,000 new jobs in Ohio. No one has been a greater friend to Ohio workers than  
  called for fixing America's economy.  
 “When countries cheat, we need to blow the whistle.” answer scored 85% with conservatives and 78% with mode…
And we will. 
John Kasich knows how to bring jobs back to America. He's done it before. He can do it again.  
It's time to return power, money ; influence to the states. How? 
'Nuff said.  
This guy knows a thing or two about winning. Thanks to for his endorsement of John Kasich!
The Fuyao jobs win was a gamechanger for the Dayton area. Join us at our rally there tmrw 
  pulling out all the Buckeye stops. Special guest at his Sunday town hall: 
As Ohio goes, so goes the nation.
NEW OHIO GEN ELECTION POLL:Kasich 52, Clinton 37Trump 40, Clinton 45Cruz 40, Clinton 45 
 A presidency would have most positive impact on economy, according to economists in recent poll. 
Let's get serious about bringing jobs back to the United States. John Kasich has done it before, he'll do it again. 
Listen to Vote John Kasich. 
Our national spokesman talks about John Kasich's growing momentum and the way forward.
A strong endorsement by the Cleveland Plain Dealer for John Kasich.  
The Plain Dealer, the Cincinnati Enquirer, and now the Akron Beacon Journal have endorsed John Kasich. 
There are a lot of great opportunities to see John Kasich all across Ohio the next few days. RSVP here today: 
Thanks, Steve! 
 Urban Meyer's fave/unfave in Ohio: 85/2  
Thank you, Senator! Appreciate all your help! 
 Would think if ur gonna have a sports endorsement in politics having Urban in Ohio now is about as big as you'd get. h…
Coach Urban Meyer  endorses John Kasich for President! Must-See Vid: "Go win this thing."
Big Ohio endorsement coming. Stay tuned...
More support from the state that knows him best. John Kasich wins the Cleveland Plain Dealer endorsement. 
Check out John Kasich's response to question regarding the Iran deal. Gov. Kasich is ready to lead.
Check out what Ohio is doing to help veterans get the opportunities they deserve as they transition to civilian life 
 Poll: leads in Ohio  | Getty 
  "The border has to be protected, no question." 
Kasich leading in NEW FOX POLL!A Kasich win in Ohio is the only way to prevent Trump from securing the nomination. 
BREAKING: Kasich takes lead in Ohio! 
Check out Gov. Kasich on Cleveland's 
Great news from the Tar Heel State! Former NC Gov. Jim Martin has endorsed Gov. Kasich:  
Another packed house in Chicagoland this afternoon! Thanks for having us, Illinois.  
Tune in to Fox News tonight at 7pm! 
 GOP presidential candidate and Ohio Governor NOW with Triv, AM 1100 and 
Americans deserve a voice they can count on. 
A 26-second standing ovation for John Kasich.
"Hey Bernie, if you want to give all that free stuff away, how about Ben ; Jerry's for a year!" 
This is a huge anncmt for SW OH, building on the strong relationship we've developed with Amazon over the past year. 
 Standing room only as crowd waits for in Palatine, IL. 
Illinois voters pack the house ... and multiple floors ... for John Kasich. 
An incredible scene at our morning event in Illinois. 
"[Cleveland] added 23,300 jobs in 2015, the most in any year since 1997..." 
Americans are upset, and rightly so. To get America back on track, we need a proven leader -- we need John Kasich.
 employees packing the balconies to see in Lisle, IL 
 Former OFBF Pres. discusses why he believes deserves your vote: 
 Full house for in suburban Chicago  
 about to talk to Governor on radio. listen live;   
The past eight years have taught us the importance of experienced leadership in the face of dangerous times. 
 Two weeks ago John Kasich was polling 4th in Michigan at 12%. Right now he's in 2nd with 25%. Momentum is on our side.
 WATCH: "We are going to win the state of Ohio, and it will be a whole new ballgame." 
"I'm going to continue running a positive campaign...and 1 week from tonight we are going to win the state of Ohio." 
"We are going to shift a lot of power, a lot of influence, a lot of money back to where we live." 
"We are going to win Ohio!" 
Tune in now to hear Gov. Kasich's speech to supporters in Ohio. 
Enter our lottery by 11:59pm to win a trip to the  in Miami on Thursday!  
  "Kasich stayed out of the fight entirely...and is now benefiting by it."  
Listen to Gov.​'s msg for caucus voters tonight in Hawaii .... you'll want to hear how he closes it.
  Leads With Late-Deciding Voters in   ht…
Jobs, jobs, jobs. How does that sound, America?
 Standing ovation for homecoming in Ohio 
 Watch LIVE: in Broadview Heights     
 JUST IN: Trump, Cruz statistically tied nationally in a new poll; Kasich catapults into 3rd  
Ronald Reagan dreamed of America as a 'shining city on a hill'. We can be that again.cc: 
Thanks, Mike! 
Thank you to all the voters who came out for our Michigan send-off today. Let's run through the finish line! 
No Republican does better against Hillary Clinton than John Kasich. If we want to win in Nov., vote Kasich today. 
 Thanks for your vote!
Chip in $10 ; automatically enter to win a trip to the March 10th    
America can ; must rise. Watch our new commercial ; chip in to keep it going strong: 
Ohioans have created 417,700 private sector jobs on John Kasich's watch.Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics 
Thanks, Coach and Megan! 
Watch John Kasich LIVE in Lansing NOW: 
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho ; Hawaii, find out your polling/caucus location. Show your support for Gov. Kasich: 
Unlike other candidates, John Kasich doesn't just talk about bringing jobs back to America -- he's actually done it. 
Want to defeat Hillary Clinton in November? Nobody is in a better position to do it than John Kasich. 
Lt. Gov. has a message for women voters in Michigan.  
 The energy in DeWitt this morning is amazing, momentum for is growing.   
"No state in the last five years has made more progress ... improving its economic jobs climate than Ohio has." 
"Only John Kasich..." 
In Michigan? Get out and vote for experienced, steady leadership! 
 COMING UP: and join us live! 
 New poll shows is gaining ground in Michigan. What are his hopes for tomorrow? Tune in!  
  "This is supposed to be a country where we take picking the president as a very serious matter." 
 Want to learn my lessons? Here's the behind-the-scenes from yesterday's endorsement of 
You don't want to miss Ohio First Lady appearance on Fox News from this morning.
 was on Fox Business this afternoon explaining why John Kasich's campaign keeps gaining support.
Chip in $10 and automatically enter to win a trip to the March 10th    
The Kasich Record: This January, 8,624 new Ohio entities filed to do business in Ohio, up 18% from January 11, Kasich's 1st year in office.
The Kasich Record: Record numbers of new Ohio businesses are being created year after year. Source: 
NEW VID: Michigan voters are ready for a president who knows how to fight and win for them -- John Kasich.
  has racked up quite the list of endorsements in Michigan. 
 In Michigan, momentum for Gov. Kasich is growing. You'll want to see what the most recent polls show...
Strong support in Mississippi for John Kasich! 
This morning at Monroe County Community College, Gov. Kasich shared plans to expand opportunity for young people. 
 In Northeast, Midwest, West Coast states, Kasich has potential to win a lot of delegates in a 3-way w/ Trump ; Cruz.
A federal balanced budget -- Welfare reform -- Ohio on the comeback.John Kasich has delivered time and time again. 
 Coming up at 11:45am ET, join on for a conversation with presidential candidate 
  and pulling even with each other in the latest poll 
 Thanks to a rock-solid  Gov. Kasich's momentum is growing fast in Michigan! 
Off to a good start in Michigan today!  
 Megan Mullen's belief in began years ago  via 
ICYMI, here are highlights from our Battleground Ohio rally with Govs. Kasich ;
Wonderful endorsements coming out of Mississippi in advance of Tuesday's primary!   
Thank you, Lt. Governor!  
MUST-SEE new video from today's Battleground Ohio rally with Govs. John Kasich and Arnold​.
Gov. Kasich is drawing enormous support from the voters who know him best: Buckeyes. Thx for a great night, Toledo! 
Gov. Arnold​ endorses John Kasich, an "action hero" for America.
John Kasich makes his own lane. 
Boom. 5 out of 5 Mississippi newspaper endorsements are for  
Two governors, one vision for America. Thanks to everyone who made it! Find more events:  
 The Latest: Schwarzenegger says Kasich "kicked some serious butt" in Congress: 
  endorses  via 
Gov. Kasich talking about how we all -- together -- can strengthen America. 
The scene at our Battleground Ohio rally with Govs. Kasich and 
How The Governators make an entrance. 
Our event is about to begin. Tune in here: 
At the ; rally? Be sure to use our filter!  
Endorsed! Thank you, Gov. 
The line. 
We're ready for Govs. Kasich ; at our Battleground Ohio kickoff. Stay tuned for updates. 
Ohio Gov. John Kasich's statement on the passing of Nancy Reagan: 
Ohio, today is the day! See Govs. Kasich and in Columbus. Doors open at 2pm: 
Due to ticket demand our Toledo stop early this evening has been moved to the Seagate Convention Centre: 
In case you missed the big news last night, Michael Reagan endorsed John Kasich.  
BREAKING: Michael Reagan endorses John Kasich for President. cc:  
Momentum. Let's keep it going, Michigan! 
Gov. Kasich is a leader we can trust to get the job done. Take it from someone who worked with him ; knows him well.
 Grand Rapids volunteer Diane Lease meets 95 yr old Dorothy Snarski, who's committed to voting for 
Michigan, you rock.
The Detroit debate gave John Kasich a chance to show America his vision for America. The reaction was extraordinary.
Proud to announce our chairs for 60+ MI counties! The  in Michigan is getting to be...well, huge. 
 We'll be LIVE streaming Town Hall from Marquette starting at 2:30 p.m. 
 Electoral map opening up for ? |  
Thanks for the enthusiastic welcome this morning, Traverse City! Now we head north to the Upper Peninsula. 
 Hey  Submit your filter design ideas by midnight to be used at the rally ; 
Submit your filter design by midnight! One will be featured at the Sunday rally /w Gov ; 
And they keep on coming...The Chicago Sun-Times endorses John Kasich.  
 Thank you for your vote!
 Our volunteers are braving the snow to knock doors for in Grand Rapids today!  
Watch Gov. John Kasich LIVE right now from Traverse City, MI: 
 If Republicans really want an adult as POTUS and can beat Hilary in Nov is your only choice...If you don't we …
 John Kasich, in Holland, Mich., picks up the endorsement of Michigan's lieutenant governor, Brian Calley. 
Speaker on "John Kasich's moment". MUST READ: 
Sorry I missed you, ; Gov.  -John 
 your message of liberty and opportunity will continue on the trail. Best wishes into the future. -John
Thanks for your support, Lt. Governor!  
 Tune in to watch a live Michigan Town Hall w/  
 Packed house to hear pick for president, talk about our future  
Tune in RIGHT NOW to watch a live  Town Hall in Michigan  
America's strength comes from the people, not from Washington DC.   
Thank you, Lt. Gov. Calley! 
Really incredible demand for our rally with Gov. in Cols on Sunday. RSVP:  
 BREAKING: Lt. Gov. to endorse for president at 6 p.m. campaign event in Holland.
Tune in to Fox News tonight! Starts at 9pm! 
NEW REPO: BLS employment data shows that Ohio continues increasing incomes faster than the nation. 
 Very enthusiastic response for at
Thank you both for your support!  
The Cincinnati endorses ; calls him problem-solver our country needs:  
Hillary Clinton as Commander-in-Chief? John Kasich has something to say about that.  
Enter for a chance to meet ; in Ohio on Sunday!    
John Kasich has a plan to ship power back to the states and balance our nation's budget.   
Standing ovation for John Kasich at  Watch now with 
Are you watching John Kasich's rousing speech at  Watch live here: 
NEW VID: Victory in Detroit. The leader America needs. 
When you believe in something, you keep on fighting. John Kasich believes budgets should be balanced.  
Scoreboard.   
Hey  John Kasich's plan returns power, money ; influence back to the people.  
NEW REPO: Ohio jobs jump by 17,000 in most recent BLS data, totaling 417,700 since Gov. Kasich came into office. 
 Millennials crown their anyone-but-Trump pick after last night’s   
 Kasich got the highest percent of positive Twitter mentions during last night's  
Hawaii Co-Chair Marilia Duffles speaks to "courage and character" in fantastic op-ed: 
   "was very good for me," I showed "a little bit of my heart"  
Want to help from home?  
 pretty much nailed the  last night. What they're saying: 
Join the team today! Sign up ;  
 New tonight! Kasich right that he polls best among GOP hopefuls against Clinton.   
 I thought came off as a breath of fresh air amongst a lot of arguing. 
  is earning rave reviews:
You'll want to see this. Be there this Sunday in Columbus at our Battleground Ohio rally!  
 This was easily best debate. I suspect he wins Ohio now.  
 My 25-person focus group’s picks for winner tonight:• 18• 6• 1• …
Like what you saw tonight? Show your support for the adult in the room and join our team at  
 I think Kasich had the best night and came across very well.
Boom. 
 Giving credit where due, was Budget Chair when spending was restrained in the '90s 
An incredible showing by Gov. Kasich tonight -- now remember this...no candidate does better against Hillary Clinton than Kasich. 
With our national security at stake, now is not the time for a president learning on the job.  
 With only 4 cands on stage is getting opportunity to shine. This is his best debate. His gubernatorial exp is stro…
If we're talking about jobs...  
The leader America needs. 
  We as adults have to fight in our neighborhoods for our children's education. Put politics aside. 
Returning the power in education back to the states will elevate America.  
Learn about what John Kasich did to improve education in Cleveland City Schools.  
 Kasich really does come off as a breath of fresh air after all of the bickering.
 Kasich tone a huge breath of fresh air and crowd responds
 Kasich just rose above the rest of the crowd.
  is the only one not bickering on stage. He's the only adult in the 
It's time to return power, money and influence back to the people. John Kasich has the experience and plan to do it. 
Integrity matters. 
John Kasich has delivered time and time again.  
 Campaign aide says Kasich looks like "only president on stage," after Trump hits "Lyin' Ted" and "Little Marco."   
  "We must pick somebody that has a record of achievement."   
  People are upset in this country because politicians, all the time, tell them what they want to hear 
A stronger national security requires a steady, experienced hand.  
  talking to the crowd during a break in the  
Enter for a chance to meet Gov and Gov Kasich in Columbus, OH on March 6th!  
Yep. Experience matters.  
  "Cool, calm, deliberate, effective, take care of the job and come home"  
No time for amateurs.  
US Int'l affairs experts agree: John Kasich is best prepared to regain our footing on the world stage.  
No learning curve here. Ask President Reagan's own national security advisor.  
 John Kasich on staying away from personal attacks    
"No theories. Reality."Watch the answer that has people talking.
Show your support for the adult in the room by chipping in here: 
 After the first 30 mins of this debate, think Kasich is closer to winning Ohio than Rubio is to winning Florida.
 Good answer by He does better in smaller field, and when his maturity contrasts with childish squabbling amon…
Also, the debt. See  
 Wow, is having his best debate of the 2016 campaign.His balanced budget response hit 87% with my  g…
 And reminds everyone --again, rightly-- "It's not a theory for me" re balanced budget. Locking up OH
  "I fought the entire Washington establishment and won." 
"No theories. Reality."  
Under Gov. Kasich, record numbers of businesses are being created.  
Want to talk wages?  
  
For numbers that actually add up:  
 Preposterous juvenile stuff makes who doesn't engage in it, look good
March Madness is upon us, and has home court advantage.  
 Kasich: "People say wherever I go: ‘You seem to be the adult on the stage.’"  
Want jobs back in the United States from Mexico? John Kasich has done it.  
 Strong first answer by Kasich.
Only can beat in Ohio.   
Jobs matter. And under John Kasich Ohioans have created more than 400,000.  
Three polls.  
No, Mr. Trump. You're losing to Hillary Clinton. John Kasich is winning.  
No personal attacks needed. has a record to stand on.  
So much this. 
Ohio. Virginia. NH. The nation.John Kasich is the only candidate who can win them all ; defeat Clinton.  
Ready for this?  
 Ready.  
Sen. talks about why Gov. Kasich is the leader America needs.
  on Donald Trump: "If I win Ohio, he’s not going to be the nominee."  
Ohio, ready to have some fun on Sunday? Join me ; Gov. Arnold -JohnRSVP:  
 "I think it is important that we stop Mr. Trump," John Kasich tells reporters in Detroit.
 "I fought the establishment and I won," says of his record as budget-cutting House Budget chairman.
Well said, -John 
Remember, John Kasich is the one Republican in the best position to defeat Hillary Clinton in November. 
Only John Kasich is talking about what America needs most.Jobs. Jobs. Jobs.
 Why should stay in the race? Supporter Tom Ridge makes the case on 
First the Detroit Free Press, and now the Detroit News endorses John Kasich:  
"In terms of knowledge, experience and temperament, Kasich is superior in this field."Big Kentucky endorsement: 
 OUR EDITORIAL: We endorse Ohio Gov. in  vote  via
Watch Gov. Kasich's Warren, MI town hall LIVE ON Happening now: 
Learn why John Kasich is the only candidate able to prevent Trump from winning Ohio and securing the nomination:
Gov Kasich is the 1 candidate who can defeat Donald Trump in Ohio ; prevent his nomination. 
Thanks for your constant support, President Faber! 
No learning curve here. John Kasich is ready. 
Buckle up, America. The Kasich train isn't slowing down anytime soon. 
Emma ; Reese Kasich joined their dad on the campaign trail this week. Read their recap here:  
Stanley Druckenmiller ; Ken Langone on talking about what makes John Kasich the GOP's best candidate.
Hello, Michigan! Check out Gov. Kasich's upcoming events happening around the state:  
 TOMORROW: Ken Langone, Stanley Druckenmiller ; join us @ 7a ET 
 She's waited her whole life for the Gov to run for president    
Keep in mind, no candidate has a better chance of defeating Hillary Clinton in November than John Kasich. 
Who's the real Reagan conservative? The candidate who worked w/ Reagan to enact his agenda.  
 👍🏻
 Thanks for your support!
Kasich "Practicing, Not Just Preaching, the Basic Tenets of Fiscal Conservatism":  
Another big record for JobsOhio. Proud of our entire team working to make Ohio stronger. 
 Our reaction reading the smackdown of the Trump/Cruz/Rubio tax plans. 
 Great event! Little Engine poster signed, "Live Your Dreams!"    
Honored to have Speaker on hand today as we campaigned in Virginia! 
 Vote today! Vote for the high ground candidate with experience  - "Progress"  
 Thanks, Pam! 
Yep:  
Good to have you in Ohio again, Gov. Christie.
17 points, Mr. Trump. 17 points. 
Donald Trump likes to talk about jobs coming back from Mexico. But only John Kasich has actually done it. 
Home of innovators, heroes ; presidents. Happy Birthday, Ohio. 
 Thanks for your support!
It's Super Tuesday and the polls are open nationwide!Want to stop Hillary in November? Vote for 
Check out our ad "Progress" which begins airing in Michigan today!Results matter. delivers.
Thanks, Senator! 
There is a reason Trump is in Ohio on Super Tuesday: Ohio is the firewall and John Kasich can stop him. 
 Republican candidate for governor in Vermont endorses on eve of Super Tuesday primary there. 
 New poll shows beats entire  field in NH, EXCEPT Ohio gov wins by 10.   via
Only one Republican has what it takes to defeat Trump. That's John Kasich. 
Stopping Trump means winning Ohio. America needs John Kasich. 
In the DC/NoVA area? Come see John Kasich tomorrow at George Mason! RSVP here: 
WATCH LIVE NOW: Gov. Kasich town hall in Massachusetts. 
Fmr Bush AG Alberto Gonzales knows what America needs in a president. That's why he's with John Kasich.
Big endorsement from former Jeb Bush supporter and Budget Cmte Chairman Judd Gregg. Great to have you on board! 
 Former NH Senator Judd Gregg (and former Jeb! supporter) endorses
 To my GOP friends, as Super Tuesday approaches, please consider Experience, real policy plans. Take another l…
It's time to shake up the system. John Kasich has done it before and he can do it again.
 "He's the only adult left standing." Fmr AG Alberto Gonzales explains his support for to
"What makes Kasich different is his passionate desire to make the country work."  
 It's a full house for   
Proud to see Ohio hero ; Navy SEAL Edward Byers at WH today receiving the Medal of Honor for his courageous hostage rescue from the Taliban.
We need you! Be a part of the  in Michigan!  LEARN MORE:  
Being President means being the adult in the room. I'll leave the insults and name calling to others. 
 John Kasich calls news of Donald Trump and the KKK "horrific" 
Overflowing crowd for John Kasich in Springfield, MA.  
We're playing for high stakes -- Leader of the Free World. America needs a president that will make them proud.

Hate groups have no place in America. We are stronger together. End of story. -John
Another big endorsement. This one from the Detroit "...one reasonable choice..." 
Fantastic Op-Ed by MA GOP Sen Leader in this AM's MASS LIVE:  
Virginia and Ohio are important in November, right? Absolutely.KASICH WINNING NEW POLL:  
John Kasich's talk in Knox County TN is LIVE right now. Watch here: 
  "Why is it that I'm beating Hillary by more than anybody?... I can get those Democrats."
 Editorial: Our endorsement in the  primary contest: Gov.  
Clinton is cruising to the Democratic nomination. The only candidate who can defeat her in November? John Kasich. 
Defeating Trump requires John Kasich or Marco Rubio winning their respective home state, but only Kasich can. -staff
 Kasich's simple rationale for staying in: must win home state to survive. polls point to better chance he survives OH 3/1…
 Former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales endorses  via 
 Kasich in Nashville: "I will beat Donald Trump in Ohio, and that will be the beginning of a new day."
  everything is changing, except the government.  we have to shift power out of big bureaucracy
Big endorsement from a man who knows what shaking things up is all about -- Fmr Bush Atty Gen Alberto Gonzales 
Gov. Kasich now in Nashville: "Enough of this trash. Go and tell people what you're for!" What Kasich's for: 
 Former US Attorney General Alberto Gonzales: “I’m supporting Governor Kasich b/c I love my sons and I want a better future”
 Former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales just endorsed here in Nashville, TN. 
You can watch John Kasich's Nashville town hall LIVE right now with SPECIAL GUEST Fmr. Bush AG Alberto Gonzalez 
 Bringin out more chairs ; movin some people to the next level ramp here  event!  
Tune in to NOW to watch a live Town Hall in Nashville 
 About 400 ppl at town hall ... Not enough chairs for all 
MA Gov. Weld: John Kasich has...the readiness to serve, and the demonstrated ability to win.  
Last night Gov. Kasich spoke to a massive crowd in Memphis. Today's front page... 
Good evening, Memphis! 
 👍🏻
Thank you for your support!  
 WATCH LIVE NOW: makes his pitch to voters in Memphis:  
While others bicker, remember.... 
ANOTHER endorsement. This time from Northampton, MA's 
 Great post by in support of Here's   What's yours? 
Doesn't everyone know? Donald Trump already found his running mate.  -staff
 Opinion: This race is just as much Kasich’s as it is Rubio’s | reports:  
"Gov. Kasich is the lone voice of reason and optimism in a very loud room." -Fmr. NJ Gov. Christine Todd Whitman 
The best candidate to defeat Hillary Clinton? It's not Donald Trump. 
While others lower the bar, John Kasich is talking about what Americans care about: Jobs. Jobs. Jobs.
 Thanks for your support!
 Did win debate? Solid pro-growth message, GOP inclusionary reach-out, stayed away from chicken fight.
We need you! Be a part of the vaunted  in Michigan!SIGN UP HERE:  
 This Sunday on  will interview ahead of  . 
NEW VIDEO: Only one candidate is ready to lead -- only one will make America proud.
👍🏻 
Jobs. Jobs. Jobs.Show your support for the only candidate talking about them. Here -;  
The adult in the room that's ready to lead. America needs John Kasich. 
  rose above the fracas tonight and won the debate. Rubio got pulled down into mud and Trump too vague on every…
 Excellent closing statement by Kasich, emphasizing executive experience and electability.
  “As an executive you’ve got to solve problems instead of fighting on the front page of the newspaper.” 
Nailed it.  
 Kasich's best moment of the night, calling for presidential leadership in Apple dispute
The adult in the room.  
No more delays.John Kasich will lead our allies to put boots on the ground to defeat ISIS.  
  "We are the leader of the world"   
Remember, America. 
"To defeat terrorism over the long term, we must also recommit to the universal values that we hold dear." 
Jobs. Jobs. Jobs.John Kasich is the only one talking about them. 
No more leading from behind.   
  Kasich gives a sound, informed response on North Korea.
No candidate is more prepared to re-establish our nation's footing in the international community than John Kasich. 
Being the most experienced candidate on national security issues has its benefits.   
Without a doubt, John Kasich is ready.  
There's no substitute for nat'l security experience in a Commander-in-Chief. Gov Kasich has 18 yrs of it.  
Only one candidate on stage is ready to be Commander-in-Chief on day one.John Kasich.  
John Kasich stands with Israel. Period.  
The only one ready? John Kasich.  
 “That’s what our country needs: JOBS. JOBS. JOBS.” Vote   
Actually, loses to Hillary in the latest Quinnipiac poll. John Kasich wins.  
You know where Donald Trump is losing? Ohio.But only to John Kasich.  
How do Republicans win in November? That's easy.  
 State-level leadership experience matters: pro-business approach is the key to an American economic recov…
Experience matters.  
 Rubio showing he can take on Trump, which party elites are dying to see.But Kasich is doing a better job communicating…
America needs a leader who can put our fiscal house in order.  Tick tock.  
Donald Trump has already been called out for lying about John Kasich's record.  
America needs a president who's shaken things up and gotten results. This is John Kasich's record.  
 Kasich has a point on hospital bills:  
FACT CHECK: Trump on health care -- "The government's going to pay for it." 
Speaking of balancing budgets... 
John Kasich is the ONLY candidate on stage who has a record of appointing judges. CONSERVATIVE judges. 
"It is certainly true that the Heritage Foundation ... supported [the individual mandate]."  
John Kasich's health care reforms are making a real, positive difference for taxpayers in Ohio.  
Moderator: Do you support the Obamacare individual mandate?Gov. Kasich: No.
  Religious institutions should be able to practice the religion they believe in. 
Less talk. More action.  
 "I want [Latinos] to have the same opportunity as I, my children, and my wife have had in this country."  
That's John Kasich.  
Black or white, Asian or Hispanic, Gov Kasich's leadership works. Real conservatism leaves no one behind.  
 Glad in debate. Calm, soft-toned, optimistic answers in midst of rapid-fire shouting are a spoonful of sorbet a…
 It's a campaign that focuses on optimism, not infighting. And it's working. 
 Reality doesn't always match up with rhetoric. has a solution. 
 We interrupt this cage match to introduce a record of actual job creation. 
Starting fights is easy. Bringing people together is hard. It's time for a leader who can unite America  
This.  
Losing to Mexico? John Kasich actually helped move jobs from Mexico home to Ohio.  
 Kasich: "At the end of the day let's be practical. Let's start solving problems in this country" 
Fix illegal immigration. "A path to legalization. NOT a path to citizenship."  
Want to talk job creation? John Kasich can talk job creation. 400k new Ohio jobs on John Kasich's watch.  
 Fabulous opening statement by
Must-read analysis by especially when you consider Rubio now down by 16 in FL and Kasich tied in OH. 
Shocked by the senseless act of violence in Kansas early this evening. Prayers for strength for all the victims ; families affected. -John
 ICYMI: Kasich  picks up 4 Mississippi endorsements  (via 
John Kasich is ready to fight for us. Join the team and keep our ad going:  
John Kasich doesn't just shake things up. He gets things done. That's what we need in a president.  
No one gives Republicans a better chance to defeat Hillary Clinton in November than John Kasich. No one. 
 Thank you for your vote!
America needs a president who's ready ; able to re-establish our footing on the world stage. 
 Gov. Kasich is ready.  
See what brings to the Kasich team. 
Honored to have you on board!  
John Kasich is the 1 candidate who's sat in the hot seat and made decisions that have impacted millions of taxpayers 
Support for in the Buckeye State is rock solid!  
"It looks like Kasich is actually in better shape than Rubio." 
 VERY easy to imagine after new BAD FL poll numbers for Rubio analysis on RCP:  ht…
If we want to defeat Hillary Clinton and win back the White House, we need John Kasich as our nominee. (3/3) -staff 
Meanwhile, one-on-one, John Kasich defeats Trump by 17 pts in Ohio, blocking Trump from the nomination. (2/3) -staff 
Rubio is losing to Trump by 16 pts in Florida and 18 pts in Ohio. (1/3) -staff  
 And John Kasich is the only one beating Hillary Clinton both nationally and in Ohio.  
 Meanwhile Kasich is in a statistical tie with Trump in Ohio and crushes him one-on-one.  
 Rubio himself has said Florida is a must-win for him, yet he has no chance.  
The one candidate who has shook up the system and gotten results: John Kasich. 
Don't miss on at 9:30EST tonight!
 Cohen: The "Anybody But Trump" campaign is doomed if either Rubio or Cruz don't drop out of the race. 
Another governor is on board! honored to have you on the team. 
Securing the GOP nom requires winning Ohio, and no one is stronger there than Gov. Kasich. 
So honored to earn the support of one of PA's best -- Rep. Charlie Dent! cc: 
Analysis by the Wash Post shows only Kasich can stop Trump from securing the nomination.  
 Why should John Kasich get out of the race before it turns to states that give him a home field advantage? 
Check out our brand new TV ad, going up tomorrow. Results matter. Join our team: 
Americans are looking for leadership that translates into solutions. That leadership can only come from John Kasich.
Thanks for the show of support, Mississippi! 
 John Kasich will not be leaving the race to clear the "establishment lane" for Marco Ru­bio: 
John Kasich is speaking at a jam-packed town hall in Mississippi right now. Watch live here: 
 Senator Rubio says it comes down to Florida/Ohio. That's bad news for Senator Rubio. 
POLL: One-on-one, only John Kasich defeats Trump in Ohio. Not Rubio. Not Cruz. Only Kasich. 
OH: "When asked to choose only between Trump and Kasich, a clear majority emerged for Kasich (55) over Trump (38)." 
NEW OHIO POLL:  "Poll Shows Ohio Governor Tied With Trump" 
NEW POLL: In Ohio, Kasich defeats Clinton 54-37. All other candidates in statistical tie. 
Thanks Preston! 
A special thank you to those in Sandy Springs who waited in massive lines and stuck around in our overflow area. 
Huge turnout tonight in Sandy Springs. Americans are ready for a leader who's shaken up the system ; gotten results. 
John Kasich will be ready on day one to serve our nation as Commander-in-Chief. 
This round is for you, Nevada:1) 632) Yes3) husband, father of 2, Governor of Ohio4) Nope5) 6'0" 
Thank you for your vote, Rebekah! 
 Ridge on backing Kasich: 'Record trumps rhetoric' | 
THREE Texas newspapers have endorsed John Kasich for President. 
Attend the  on Thurs on us! Chip in $10+ right now to enter. Deadline is tonight! 
Great to have the support of Fmr GOP Chair Amy Tarkanian and LV Councilman in Nevada today! cc: 
Now THAT'S an overflow crowd. 
Georgians packed in at to hear solutions to the greatest challenges we face.  
 They're breaking down walls to expand the John Kasich event at KSU. Seeing Don Balfour, Tricia Pridemore here.
Honored to speak at next week ; discuss how tax cuts, balanced budgets and a strong military will strengthen America. 
 John Kasich is performing far better in his home state of Ohio than Rubio in his home of Florida. 
 "Even if every single Bush supporter went for Rubio, he would still be down by 17 points in his own home state."
Racking 'em up! 
"Republicans, you have one last chance..." 
The president is flat wrong on Guantanamo Bay.
Good morning, Georgia! It's an honor to speak to the House of Representatives at the Statehouse today.   
Download the  mobile app today for news ; updates from the campaign trail!  
To unite the Party and win the election in November, the choice is clear -- John Kasich.
Experience matters. Ask Tom Ridge, our nation's first Secretary of Homeland Security.  
Win a trip to attend the  on Thursday! Chip in $10 or more right now to enter.  
House Majority Leader "I think John Kasich would be an excellent president." 
The race is tight to take on Trump. We need John Kasich to win back the White House.LINK:  
 Terrific event this morning with Over one thousand friends ; neighbors   
 John Kasich spokesman responds to reaction to "many women who left their kitchens" comment.  htt…
 Silly season: knocking Kasich for saying women in 1978 left kitchens to campaign. Was talking about how grassroots campaigns…
 Just as a heads up, looks like lot of ppl not realizing Kasich was talking about his first run for office in the 70s 
Hundreds turned out this morning in Fairfax to hear Gov. Kasich's message of strength and optimism. 
Watch LIVE at a town hall in Fairfax, VA here: 
 G'morning from George Mason University in VA, where will be soon. The debt clock is back - kinda hidden. 
The one Republican candidate who can defeat Hillary Clinton is John Kasich. SOURCE:  
Sign up today!  
"Kasich has achieved what his opponents only talk about"SECOND Texas newspaper endorsement today: 
 "Remember this: I'm the person who beats Hillary Clinton more than any other candidate."  
"You've got the goods. You balanced the budget. You led the State of Ohio to greatness."
"This is no time for amateurs."NEW ENDORSEMENT for John Kasich: 
Strong. We're ready.  
  team declares him winner of 'governors bracket'  | Getty 
Virginia.Georgia.Louisiana.Mississippi. Gov. Kasich will be in each early this week! RSVP today: 
We either want to beat Hillary Clinton and take back the White House ... or we don't. John Kasich will win. 
 fought hard every day. He was a great governor and is a great man. -John
 No rival can point to any state after tonight ; claim a solid chance to win. in Ohio has may…
We're hitting up four states over the next four days. In VA, GA, MS or LA? Check out our events page to RSVP! 
The coming primary calendar plays to Gov. Kasich's strength. We're ready. NEW POLL:  
For Us.  
What America needs in a leader. It's John Kasich. Join the team today:  
 Spotted: supporters reminding Citadel baseball fans to vote today!    
 While SC votes, a considerable crowd here for in Worcester, MA this afternoon...   
 The Latest: campaigning in Massachusetts and Vermont, where hundreds are lined up to see him. 
An incredible scene in Worcester this afternoon as Gov. Kasich works for votes in Massachusetts! 
Momentum is everywhere. Thank you Burlington! 
South Carolina, the time is now. 
South Carolina,To win in November, you have to vote today. 
Thank you so much, Gracie! 
  supporter Eisner continued, "He's the only one who doesn't seem to be saying things just to get special interests…
Thank you, Mr. ; Mrs. Eisner! 
Thank you for the enthusiastic welcome, Vermont! 
Let's get out and vote, SC! Send a message -- one of a more United States ready to solve the challenges we face. 
Solutions over noise.Unity over division for America.
 Cast my first vote today! Decided on because I love that he is running a positive campaign! 
Thank you! Let's keep it going! 
Rockin' a national  today. Looking good, Virginia! Thanks for your hard work.  
Today's your chance to get out ; vote for SC! Find your polling location here:  
Thanks for your vote!  
A great way to spend  election eve. Thanks for being such gracious hosts, 
Hey, South Carolina.Let's cut taxes - Balance the budget - Strengthen our military.Vote Kasich. 
 The scene aboard the USS Yorktown when arrived for his  eve rally... 
Ready.  
More than 500 strong on hand for John Kasich's election eve rally at the USS Yorktown.  
 Hundreds and hundreds gather on the USS Yorktown in Charleston to rally with Gov.  
One of John Kasich's oldest political foes pays him a visit in South Carolina.
Ex-Clemson QB said supporting Gov. Kasich in South Carolina was "an easy decision". Watch and see why.
Read the poll of U.S. experts showing John Kasich far ; away the best GOP candidate to manage foreign affairs. 
A poll of 701 experts in U.S. shows John Kasich would be the best president to manage foreign affairs 
See why everyone is talking about Gov. Kasich's appearance on last night's CNN  
First stop of the day: Columbia, SC, where is sharing his plans for getting the economy back on track. 
Thanks for coming out, Jaclyn! 
Thanks for all your help, Alex! 
"For Kasich, the hug didn’t look like an obligation — it looked like a privilege." 
 Our team in Charleston, SC heads out to knock doors for all day. Go team go!  
"He's just John Kasich, a guy from Ohio. But that may end up being just enough." 
To strengthen our military, America needs the one candidate with the experience to do it. John Kasich.
 Nailed it. Again.  
See the  and looking for chances to see Gov. Kasich in SC? Look here: 
After seeing tonight's  this makes a lot of sense.  
In 2014, Gov. Kasich was endorsed by the NRA for his work to protect the 2nd amendment. 
Gov. Kasich privatized economic development and it's meant big wins for Ohio. 
In Ohio, Gov. Kasich has phased out the income tax for small businesses. And it's working.  
Over the past two days, Gov. Kasich has won the endorsement of the two biggest newspapers in South Carolina. 
 If you're watching the CNN town hall and a reader of you will understand why endorsed John Kasich.
 Best thing about Town Halls: help us see candidates as 3-dimensional humans.  Kasich shines tonite.
Real reforms to repeal and replace Obamacare.   
"In 2015 alone, [Kasich's health care reforms] saved Ohio taxpayers $1.9 billion..."  
 Kasich: The glue of America is in communities and families. Watch CNNgo:   
Gov. Kasich has been fighting human trafficking for years. The fight continues today. Learn more: 
Learn about what Gov. Kasich has done to fight sexual assaults on college campuses.  
 "These single women with children are the real heroes in my opinion." 
John Kasich is the one candidate best prepared to be Commander-in-Chief on Day One.  
FACT: Ohio wages are growing faster than the nation.  
ICYMI: Here is the video of the moment being spoken about on tonight's  on CNN.
 First on the stage is 
 Follow along with the live blog of the   
  moderates  w/ 8p on CNN  
 With the support of shares his message of opportunity w/ young people in Clemson, SC today. 
 The editorial board  endorses for president  
Yesterday today the Great to have the endorsement of SC's two biggest newspapers! 
 Editorial boards seem to love A slew in NH that propelled him to 2nd, now two huge ones 2 days before the 
This is why. -John
 Stop. Now. Watch this. And remind yourself that campaigns are so much more than talking points, barbs, and polls. 
See what has so impressed....
Hundreds in SC have joined ex-QB to pack this Kasich town hall at Clemson.  LIVE:  
Spending in Washington is out of control. John Kasich can cut taxes while eliminating waste ; balancing the budget. 
  Town Hall in Clemson, SC – LIVE on C-SPAN   
Don't miss it!  
 Thanks to the loyal Buckeyes who deployed to SC today to campaign for Our  is strong. htt…
Thanks to our  is confident ; hopeful heading into Saturday's   
Sending out volunteers from Charleston, SC today! Thanks to every one of you for your hard work!  
2nd day in a row that a new poll showed Gov. Kasich in the best position to defeat Clinton!  
A lot of great opportunities to see Gov. Kasich on election eve in SC tomorrow! RSVP here:  
A major endorsement in SC for Gov. Kasich. America needs a president ready to lead.  
 is honored to have Vietnam War POW Colonel Tom Moe on the campaign trail w/ him today ; tomorrow. 
Watch talk to supporters live NOW in SC!  
Thanks for your support! 
 Had a great time as always! Thanks for having me! -John
2nd poll in two days showing Kasich in best position to defeat Hillary -- 47-39. Again holding Clinton below 40. 
"John Kasich has now risen to a virtual third-place tie with Marco Rubio"
 already planning campaign stops in Mississippi ; around the South! 
Staying up tonight? Gov. Kasich will be on the  with Tune in! 
From the endorsement by South Carolina's  
MAJOR endorsement for John Kasich in South Carolina from 
"...voters should choose Ohio Gov. John Kasich and his actual record of improving federal and state governments." 
How Gov. Kasich is using a positive, substantive message to win new voters in South Carolina: 
 USA Today's drops some truth about John Kasich being in the best position to beat Hillary Clinton in Nov. ht…
As president, John Kasich will ensure our veterans get the care they need and opportunities they deserve.
John Kasich has a plan to cut taxes, balance the budget ; strengthen our military -- and he will win.  
 Who's most competitive in November? Our new Poll shows it's and 
 Straight from the Director of the poll itself... 
A swing through Michigan reaped big crowds and new supporters for Gov. Kasich. 
Gov. John Kasich has a plan that would boost military spending while balancing the budget.  
cc:  
2 SC events tmrw! RSVP:Clemson Town Hall, 2:15M  Sun City York/Lancaster Co., 6:00PM 
Just talking about the dangers of drugs with your kids can have a major impact. Check out  
Add on for a behind-the-scenes view of the campaign trail!  
  ; are the only 2 candidates trending positively 🇺🇸 
 Benghazi whistleblower joins John Kasich's campaign; ex-No. 2 in Libya sez plea for help denied 
Oh come on! Thank you for coming out! 
 Event doesn't start for 30 min and there's another packed house in SC for 
 FACT CHECK: True! 
As president, John Kasich will make sure our veterans get the care, respect and opportunities they've earned.
Gov Kasich's recently announced national security team is making waves. cc: 
 Benghazi Dep Mission Chief joins Team Kasich. Gregory Hicks was star witness for cong. probe into wrongdoing.
Announcing major new additions to Gov. John Kasich's national security team.  
John Kasich has a plan to boost defense spending to make sure our troops have the resources they need to succeed. 
Thanks, Adam! See you this afternoon! 
 Thanks for coming out today!
"In Ohio, John Kasich’s Health-Care Reform Is Already Happening" 
"In 2015 alone, [Gov. Kasich's health care reforms] saved Ohio taxpayers $1.9 billion..." 
 Crowd chanting for as he makes his entrance for town hall campaign in Livonia. 
 is campaigning in SC today. It's not too late to RSVP! 
Some good news from the ground in South Carolina!Now's the time to join our team! 
 Thanks for coming out, Jake!
Packed house in E. Lansing today to see Gov. Kasich -- the 1 candidate w/ a positive vision for a stronger America. 
An incredible crowd. Thank you! 
Join us tomorrow in South Carolina:Greenville: Lexington Co:  
Gov. John Kasich's campaign is standing out in South Carolina for all the right reasons -- and momentum is growing.
 Best of luck on your venture, Stephen!
 Looking forward to it!
The Kasich team keeps on growing. Endorsements this AM from 3 legislators in Pennsylvania!  
 600+ to see at 1st stop in Michigan 
 Watch Gov. Kasich's town hall live NOW from in Michigan: 
 is about to kick off his first town hall of the day at Watch live here! 
 About 600 people here for first Michigan town hall today, at according to organizers 
Support from home by joining our National Phone From Home Program!  
 The power of a positive approach? from :  
Good morning, Michigan! 3 campaign stops coming right up.   
"I get my energy by being for things ... not against things."Check out Gov Kasich's ideas: 
 A little look behind-the-scenes after yesterday's pre-debate rally with  
 What's the truth? Bush profited off his personal investment in Obamacare. -staff  
In case you missed it: supports praises "his values, his morals."  
Another big win for Gov. Kasich coming out of last night's debate in South Carolina.  
Get the latest news and updates by downloading the  mobile app today!  
 "It was a demolition derby, and my car's still going around the track."  
The spirit of America doesn't come from the top down. The spirit of America rests with us. 
 was a big reason why Gov. Kasich was so ready for tonight's  Thanks, Tajh!
Don't miss on w/ tomorrow at 9:40AM EST!
Shameful and unacceptable.  
 Who was the bigger man? And who won the  Our 7  guests say    
 While Trump tries to destroy Bush and Rubio and Cruz are slapfighting, John Kasich stands out as a voice of reason. 
Thank you! 
 The NBA Slam Dunk Contest is tonight, and had the slam-dunk line of the  attacks will elect …
Thanks for your support! 
John Kasich made it clear he has the experience, temperament ; know-how to lead our nation as Commander-in-Chief.
 Ohio is a model of economic success. $8B budget shortfall-&gt;$2B surplus, $5B in tax cuts ;400k jobs. We are proud of
 believes that all Americans deserve the chance to realize their God-given potential. 
It's time to send power, money and influence back to the states. That's how America wins.  
"The spirit of America doesn't come from the top down. It comes from each one of us." Join our team. Sign up here: 
Tax cuts. Regs freeze. Stopping Illegal Immigration. Balanced budget plan.That's just the 1st 100 days.  
 ….corporate tax cuts, roadmap to balanced budget, fix Social Security, and growing jobs, for starters. 2/2
 What has promised in the first 100 days: Comprehensive immigration reform, regulatory freeze, individual tax cut…
 John Kasich's positive approach is looking better and better. Win or lose, he can at least hold his head high.
John Kasich has worked hard for Ohio, and today Ohioans have created more than 400,000 new jobs.  
A true leader unites. 
Lower taxes, cutting red tape and a renewed entrepreneurial spirit is growing wages in Ohio faster in the nation. 
 Kasich is using the same peacemaker rhetoric as in every debate, but tonight it is working.  This debate is an embarrassment…
John Kasich's positive vision has launched his campaign forward. He showed that once again tonight. 
 Huge opening to to go Reagan again, +he takes it. "We are going to lose the election to if we d…
 "We're fixing to lose the election to Hillary Clinton if we don't stop this." John Kasich, telling the truth again.
 45 minutes to go and and are way, way ahead in this debate
 The top candidates trending on Google in SC have now changed. People looking up and 
Jeb Bush made millions from Obamacare.  
 said NO to creating an Obamacare exchange in Ohio. Repeal ; replace Obamacare ; send power to states. 
 That was a huge moment for -- got to defend Medicaid expansion, brag about Ohio and set himself apart as the…
 And lays down "Happy Warrior" and "Ronald Reagan" daily double. Strong five minutes 4 the Ohio governor
Who has a better record on spending? Check the numbers. It's John Kasich.  
Under Gov. Ohio's Medicaid costs $2 billion less than initial estimates: 
What's the truth, Jeb?  
As president will cut taxes on job creators ; get the economy moving again.  
  is right. We should stay out of other nations' civil wars.    htt…
John Kasich actually has experience bringing jobs back home. He can do it again as president.  
 "The world is desperate for leadership."  Great response.  I wanted to give a standing ovation.
 US has an opportunity to lead in foreign diplomacy, says. "The world needs us."  
 called for boots on the ground to destroy ISIS a year ago:  
Gov. Kasich has a plan to get our troops the support they need. Read it here:   
There's no substitute for 18 years of national security experience.  
The past 8 years taught us an important lesson - our Commander-in-Chief must be ready to lead on Day 1.  
 The folks are gonna like Kasich. I've said it before, and I stand by that.
Read Gov. Kasich's full statement on the passing of Justice Scalia here: 
Big news tonight as Gov. Kasich surges in South Carolina.  
Major thanks to supervolunteer Tom Volini, who followed campaign from NH to SC this week!  
Nothing like a packed-out pre-debate rally to get revved up for tonight's  
Attending the  tonight? Be sure to use our America,  filter!  
Hop aboard the  train! Former Clemson football star is already here.  
Gov. Kasich's statement on the passing of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. 
1) 632) pass3) South Carolina  6'0"5) McKees Rocks, PA 
 We recommend for presidential nomination  
 Happening Now: Gov. Kasich speaking to 400+ assembled to support him in tonight's  
Gov. Kasich just wrapped up prep for tonight's  Be sure to tune in --- and  
Coverage of massive rally in Hilton Head highlights how well his positive message is resonating.
Today Clemson star will help Gov. Kasich get revved up at a pre-debate rally in Greenville. RSVP here: 
 positive, commonsense message is striking a chord with South Carolina voters!   
Honored to have such an overwhelming turnout in Hilton Head tonight. Together we can make a difference.  
 Thanks for watching  and join on Sunday!  
Deep from the heart of Texas -- a big endorsement for John Kasich!  
RSVP here!  
 felt the call to serve in both our military and elected office. That courage should be honored. Best of luck, governor! -John
 . plans to woo voters under 1 in South Carolina. 
Everyone has their challenges. It's how we respond to them and grow from them that matters.
Buckle Up, America!
South Carolina voters are ready for a new kind of positive, conservative leadership.  
Quick stop at Dukes Bar-B-Q in Orangeburg, SC where advocated for returning power and $ to the states. 
Another  endorsement for Gov. John Kasich. Proud to have on the team! 
Want to support from home? Join our National Phone From Home Program!  
 Good to have you on board, Chris!  
Everyone has their own challenges and obstacles, and John Kasich is no different. 
America.Buckle Up.
 First on CNN: keeps it positive in new South Carolina ads  via 
It doesn't take government... 
Our nation's veterans have been ignored long enough. Let's honor them by providing the care they earned. 
John Kasich has 18 years of national security experience. Read his plan to strengthen our military here: 
We know lower taxes boost economic growth. It's worked in Ohio and it will work for America. 
John Kasich doesn't just talk prison reform. His team has done it and made Ohio a national model of success.
As president will return power, money ; influence to the states. How?   
John Kasich said NO to an Obamacare state exchange. He will repeal and replace Obamacare as president.  
Strong work by our team to get a new venue to accommodate the surge in RSVPs in Florence.  
 Shifting momentum for Good sign! 
When you have record of results, you don't need to go negative. 
Our  team is growing. Good to have State Rep. Donna Hicks on board! 
John Kasich is ready to get to work for America. Come join our team. Sign up at  
After making major waves at Myrtle Beach, is off to Florence, SC.   
Another look at the incredible crowd out to see John Kasich in Myrtle Beach. Absolutely packed.  
 Packed 350 more people into this afternoon's  venue than we were expecting. Kasich momentum is real. 
Nearly 500 strong inside and outside today to hear John Kasich's vision for a stronger America.  
 "Pressure is a mom that's got three kids and the husband walked out the door," 2 "Pressure is not …
 150+ waiting to get into event in N. Myrtle Beach. 300+ already inside!   
The momentum is real. John Kasich is ready to drive America ahead. LINK:  
In Pawleys Island advocates replacing Obamacare w/ a healthcare system that really works for Americans. 
 starts the day in Pawleys Island, SC outside Applewood House of Pancakes. Now that's an overflow crowd! 
 What did do after his big night in NH? He toured a South Carolina steel mill:  
It takes courage to step into the ring for a chance to become leader of the free world. Gov. you've done New Jersey proud.
"Kasich's idea of what our politics might be shone brightly." 
A great day in SC! Gov. Kasich showed voters the kind of rock-solid leadership that can move America forward. 
Today, these voters in Charleston ; Huger saw a leader offering real solutions to real problems.  
Planned Parenthood can't and won't intimidate me. I'm proudly pro-life. -John
 landed in South Carolina with incredible energy and momentum, and South Carolina has noticed!
 thanks for being an inspiration to all Americans who want to make a difference. I wish you the best. -John
Last night optimistic message paid off. Now, the rest of the country will get the chance to hear it.
Don't miss on with tonight at 10:15PM EST!
No candidate is more ready to lead our brave men and women as Commander-in-Chief than John Kasich.  
 speaks to an engaged S. Carolina audience about what it takes to be an executive ; find solutions. 
Heading into South Carolina with momentum. Buckle up, America. Here we go! 
 Ohio Gov live now from South Carolina.  
  1st post-NH event in SC shows new realities: crowd clearly eager to hear his bio, laughing easily at his jok…
This is what happens when RSVPs to first South Carolina event jump 500% overnight!  
10 mins before arrives ; in Mt. Pleasant, SC is filled to capacity!  
 Lots of patriotism and southern pride in Ohio Gov. playlist at Mt. Pleasant event today. 
 6 minutes after doors open- it's standing-room only for event at Finn's Pizza in Mt. Pleasant. 
 "I always thought light could overcome the darkness,"  to ;
Catch up on morning appearances on ;
Get our latest news ; updates by downloading the  mobile app:  
Thank you for your friendship and support. -John 
Thank you for your hard work ; support, Senator! 
Join us on the campaign trail via by searching "John Kasich."   
Good morning, South Carolina!  
 Off to South Carolina! in a laughing, joking mood. 
South Carolina, we'll see you in Mt. Pleasant in the morning! RSVP now:  
 Three months ago Donald Trump said John Kasich was “irrelevant.” After Tuesday, Kasich has a rejoinder: Not anymore. ht…
 is the only candidate with a plan to balance the federal budget:  
 lifted the tax burden on Ohioans by $5,000,000,000. Let that sink in. 
Thank you for your support! Please chip in to help keep up our momentum! 
Let the record show: doesn't just talk about conservative principles. He lives them.  
Thank you for your support, Governor!  
When people's hearts are changed, everything changes. 
A spot-on defense of conservative credentials coming from someone who would know.  
What a incredible ride it's been, New Hampshire. We're humbled and thrilled by your support.  
 speech and performance in  showing why he may well be a contender for the nomination.
Thank you New Hampshire! On to South Carolina!  the team today! ; 
"If you don't have a seat belt, go get one!"   
 "Tonight, the light overcame the darkness of negative campaigning," says:  
 Watch live now at  
  "And you made it happen, you made it happen, you made it happen!"  
 . touts his "positive" campaign 
Tonight is the story coming out of New Hampshire. 
And the crowd erupts! 
Thank you Speaker! 
The momentum starts tonight in New Hampshire! 
Facts are facts. Thank you, Mr. Speaker! 
 After his  win, picks up 10 delegates so far; takes 2  
 It should not go without notice that the candidate who has been most steadfastly positive - - is a big story at 
The crowd's buzzing in anticipation of   
Watch speak live in Concord momentarily! 
 BREAKING NEWS: Fox News projects will finish second in the Republican New Hampshire primary.  
Can't beat the energy at this election night party! 
What a night! Thx to our incredible NH supporters! Time to trade our snow boots for flip flops. See you tmrw SC!   
 .Big news is strong appeal -- good campaign team that knows how to win (John Weaver) and strongest favorab…
 Big cheers here at election night HQ when returns come on TV showing him in second.   
Former Sen. Gordon Humphrey kicks off our election night in Concord.   
It's time to elect a leader who has what it takes to win the White House ; unite the country.  
 Republican battle looks very unpredictable. may be the big noise tonight. I say that based on my visit to L…
Here we go America: to S. Carolina, through the South, to Michigan ; the Midwest, to the nomination ; White House.
Less than an hour until the polls close, New Hampshire! If you haven't yet voted, get out and vote for 
 It's about the head and the heart" - Joining makes final pitch to NH voters 
 Is Google hinting at a John Kasich surge in New Hampshire? 
  is now the top-searched  candidate in  today on 
POTUS is not an entry-level job. There's no substitute for executive experience ; no one has more than
Results over rhetoric. That's the Kasich way.   
 has 18 yrs of nat'l security experience. The other GOP candidates have 0-5 yrs. Experience matters.
Last ARG poll before the  has in 2nd yet again! 
 Search interest in rises in New Hampshire during  
  on His message is a positive one. ... He's a happy warrior.  
Only one candidate has the vision ; experience to turn the economy around, and that's  
No Republican has EVER won the White House w/o winning Ohio. Let's nominate someone who can deliver. 
 supporters rally at Ward 10 in anticipation of a poll visit by their candidate   
Thanks for the good thoughts ; hard work. -John 
 Take a listen to w/ me at the Red Arrow Diner today   
It's our time to come together as a country. New Hampshire, it's your time to vote for a leader who makes it happen.
Who's a perfect fit for the "Live Free or Die" state? The candidate who never quits fighting for you. 
  ranked top in  searches for "vote for…"   
 is fortunate to have the Buckeye A-Team out campaigning for him!    
Looking for a Reagan conservative? You've found one:  
 is leaving it to Granite State voters to bring the exclamation point today.  
Whatever happens tonight, we have no regrets. It's been an incredible ride, New Hampshire.  
Shout out to Ernie from PA, who's made 10,000 calls for   
 NEXT: joins to discuss his increasing momentum in  Watch  
New Hampshire, there's a better way. Now is your time to vote for a leader who's about lifting up, not cutting down.
New Hampshire's newspapers (+ are rooting for today!   
 Google trends show Kasich trending at or near top of pack in New Hampshire all morning.   
It's easy to stay positive when your record speaks for itself.  
There seems to be some media interest in today. 
We need a leader who's ready to act on Day One. has a plan for 100 days: 
Dixville Notch knows how to pick a winner!   
Every vote counts, New Hampshire! Let's make sure it goes to   
  already paying off!
 starting the day off right at Red Arrow Diner in Manchester.   
THANK YOU to our volunteers who have worked tirelessly to get out the vote for when it counts!  
 Live at red arrow diner in Manchester with 
Happy Election Day! This is it, New Hampshire. Get out and vote for today! 
Gov ; visiting polling locations this morning in NH - Vote Kasich!   
 wins GOP Primary in Dixville Notch where first  ballots are cast. Ill be live at his HQ for primary results T…
Polls are now open in New Hampshire! VOTE KASICH!   
Early momentum as wins GOP vote in Dixville Notch! Let's keep it going, New Hampshire. 
 This was view during his primary-eve rally in Hooksett, NH 
 Kasich makes his case for the black vote:  My conversation with up now on
  “We’ve been positive this whole time… Our ground game is like nothing that people have seen.” 
It's Election Eve in New Hampshire ; not even a blizzard can keep the crowd away!  
Tonight in Manchester held his final town hall before the New Hampshire primary!  
 Join me tomorrow - will be w/ me live in the 9am ET hour at the Red Arrow Diner in Manchester NH ; on air
 On the bus w - latest from NH tomorrow on 
 Joining us tomorrow...  
 . 106th and final town hall of the New Hampshire primary. 
 WATCH LIVE: 106th NH town hall - in Manchester, NH  
America needs a leader who's prepared to lead on Day One. 
Thanks to leadership, Ohio has the lowest number of state employees in more than 30 years. 
Knocking doors for in the New Hampshire blizzard!     
John Kasich has a strong plan to balance the budget, all while upping defense spending $100 billion. THE PLAN: 
No contest. 
 tackles the problem of high student debt at this afternoon's town hall in Windham, NH.   
Just ask Speaker (2/2) LINK:  
John Kasich doesn't back down. He took on the fight to balance our nation's budget -- and he won. (1/2) 
Under Kasich, Ohio state gov't shrunk to its lowest level in 30+ years, all while improving service. It CAN be done. 
We don't have time for our next Commander-in-Chief to learn on the job. We need experience -- we need John Kasich. 
Watch live in Windham, NH at  
The  is the best in New Hampshire. A huge thank you to everyone who's volunteered for  
Feelin' good!  
 . interviewing w/ ; giving a shout out to the world's best volunteers! 
Full house in Plaistow, NH as lays out plan to reform the way our veterans get the care they deserve. 
New Hampshire, you've been wonderful. All we ask now is that you get out and vote for tomorrow! 
 WATCH: Veteran gives advice at New Hampshire town hall: "Are you available for Secretary of Defense?" 
2 days after dominated the  his momentum is surging at just the right time!  
LIVE: Watch town hall in Plaistow, NH here! 
Tnx to the volunteers who are going hard today ; knocking doors for Our  is strong. 
The polls are saying the same thing: is surging at the perfect time in New Hampshire!  
 WATCH LIVE: 103rd NH town hall, in Plaistow, NH, the day before the primaries  
Another amazing crowd in Concord, NH as covers everything from rebuilding our military to cutting taxes. 
  has fans of all ages     
Thanks for all your hard work! Nice snowman.   
 Former Congressman Charlie Bass introduces at Concord town hall forum 
 Who won  Right now: 41% say 28% and 19% - vote now at 
The day after outstanding  performance, he's drawing a incredible crowd in Nashua, NH!  
 This is the loosest, most confident I've seen He's super loose, cracking jokes left and right.
 In Nashua, doing his thing in front of a crowd of 300ish. His people think things are breaking his way. 
The consensus is clear: knocked it out of the park at last night's  in New Hampshire! 
Our volunteers have New Hampshire covered today! 2 more days!  
 Coming up on  We'll sit down with 3 GOP Presidential Candidates: and 
 Five presidential candidates will join on commercial-free  9 a.m.  
Thanks for your support! 
 Shout out to our volunteers who gathered to watch the  after a long day of campaigning for 
Order yours today!   “America, Buckle Up:    
Chip in to keep our  growing ; support our new TV ad!  ; 
First on NH's tonight? John Kasich. 
Without a doubt, we have the best ground game in New Hampshire. Thanks to our hundreds of volunteers!   
Always working. 
"Kasich may have gained most."  "Winner is John Kasich"  "Kasich on fire."  
John Kasich nailed it tonight.Join the team!  
"There has never been a governor in the state of Ohio as pro-life as John Kasich.” -Ohio Right to Life President Mike Gonidakis
AVAILABLE NOW on  “America, Buckle Up:    
Veterans, check out this website developed by the Kasich admin. to find new opportunities in Ohio. 
John Kasich has made significant reforms to give veterans the opportunities they earned. 
The right ideas should help everybody rise.   
Our nation's veterans EARNED the best care anywhere. John Kasich can make it happen.  
 Kasich makes key point -- you can love police AND be responsive to communities concerned about misconduct ; accountability.
John Kasich has brought police and the communities they serve together like no other. 
America deserves a president with a plan and the experience to get it done. Hold on tight. 
Get ready, America. 
Listen to the Speaker. He would know.   
Fact. 
 Kasich on fire.
 made a career out of breaking through gridlock ; uniting people to solve problems.  
  just gave brilliant voice to the optimistic conservatism and concern for individuals that gave Ronald Reagan…
 Just released Tonight's ARG Daily Tracking poll in NH:Trump 31Kasich 17Rubio 17Cruz  9Bush 9Christie 5
For a year has called for a NATO coalition to defeat ISIS on the ground:  
We've done it while cutting taxes $5 billion and eliminating the biggest budget shortfall in OH history.  
There's no compromising with evil. has a plan to wipe ISIS off the map: 
There's no substitute for experience and no time for on-the-job training.  
Under leadership, Ohio's public sector is getting smaller ; smarter:  
400,700 new private sector jobs and the largest tax cut of any sitting governor can't be wrong.  
FACT CHECK: Ohio has the lowest number of state employees in more than 30 years. LINK:  
"[John Kasich] done a very good job in Ohio." 
Want a president who knows how to bring jobs back home to America? John Kasich has done it.  
This is what strong and experienced leadership looks like. Build the wall, fix immigration. 
John Kasich's conservative record has worked in Ohio. It can work for America.  
We can build a wall. And we will.  
Want to talk jobs? John Kasich can talk jobs.   
 said NO to creating an Obamacare state exchange. Let's repeal and replace.  
 Kasich draws applause promising "practical solution" to immigr incl legalization for undocumented immigrants who haven't …
 Huge NH turnout for the debate watch party.   
On immigration, common sense ; problem-solving skills are on full display.  
We're talking about our nation's next Commander-in-Chief. Experience matters.    
 . "Every one of my 100 town halls in New Hampshire were a lot more fun than what I saw here. A lot more pos…
After 7 years of leading from behind, it's time to elect a strong, decisive commander-in-chief.  
 Kasich correctly identifies big danger of nuclear sales by north korea
Anyone have a snowball?   LINK: 
The stakes are too high. We need a serious leader.  
Thanks for the intro, We remember the last time you did it:  
North Korea’s missile launch is completely unacceptable.  FULL STATEMENT:  
The Kasich record is a conservative record.  
With 100 New Hampshire town halls under his belt, heads into tonight's NH  w/ confidence.
 on his walkthrough ahead of tonight's  at 8PM EST. Don't miss it! 
Team Illinois in New Hampshire for  Thanks 
Last night​ hit a historic milestone on the campaign trail: 100 town halls in New Hampshire! 
Our volunteers are out in full force in New Hampshire for this weekend! Thank you for your hard work! 
 Volunteers hitting the streets AND phones today for   
Former Sen. rallies the troops as they take off from Stratham, NH HQ this morning. 
Today on Ronald Reagan Day I'm thinking about a great leader who practiced the optimism we need to rediscover. -John 
 A little snow can't stop the  for     
Another big endorsement out of New Hampshire from well-known GOP activist Purr Whalley. Welcome to the team! 
The 11th poll in a month has in 2nd place in New Hampshire!   
A few of our amazing volunteers equipped with campaign literature and a shovel to knock doors for in NH! 
 BREAKING: New ARG Poll Shows in 2nd Placein New Hampshire    
 held his 100th NH town hall in Bedford tonight! Tnx to all the Granite Staters who helped celebrate! 
THANK YOU to Gov. for joining us for a live Tele-Town Hall this evening!! Join the team today! 
We hope to have your support!    
It's not a prank! Join us right now!!    
HAPPENING NOW: on a Live Town Hall w/ - Join us!   
TUNE IN RIGHT NOW: Govs ; on a live Town Hall - Join online and ask your questions! ; 
TUNE IN NOW: Govs ; on a live Town Hall - Join online and ask your questions! ; 
 FIVE MINUTES! Join and me at our Tele-townhall here and ask questions:  
20 MINUTES OUT from the live Tele-Town Hall w/ ; - Join online and ask Q's at 
  introducing at the 100th New Hampshire town hall of campaign   
    
 100th town hall for  Super Bowl champ Mike Vrabel introduced the Governor today. 
  just introduced in    via
 I can't wait to join you tonight, Tune in at 815ET:  
Live Tele-Town Hall w/ Govs ; 8:15PM EST TONIGHT- Join online at  
  to when took a  at a   
 Rugged committed ; enthusiastic. Big ups to these volunteers, not afraid of a lil weather!  htt…
Even a New Hampshire blizzard can't deter our volunteers. Keep it up, team!    
Only time I've gone on the attack! Kasich 1, Media 0 -John 
Have you RSVP'd yet? 8:15PM EST TONIGHT:  
 advocates for criminal justice reform in Hollis, NH. Rounding the corner to 100 NH town halls! 
Tonight in Bedford, NH will hold his 100th New Hampshire town hall, more than any other candidate! 
RSVP Now! Join ; for a live Tele-Town Hall TONIGHT at 8:15PM EST  
The  made it through the snow to Atkinson, NH where talked balanced budgets.  
  will join this Sunday on  to talk about his  strategy and more. 
Get all of the details and RSVP here:  
 Just off a very snowy ride with Look for interview today on 
 Pre D2D team mtg ; 1st wave of  are out in Nashua for   
RSVP Now! Join Govs ; -Live Tele-Town Hall TONIGHT at 8:15PM EST  
Watch our new TV ad “Join Me” - America: let’s make this election about something bigger than ourselves. 
Catch on at 8:30AM EST!
America can't afford 8 more yrs of the status quo. For ideas that actually work:   
As president will make sure that our vets receive the best possible services. They deserve nothing less. 
Excited to join for a live Tele-Town Hall 8:15PM EST 2/5/16! RSVP Now! -John  
ISIS can't coexist with our way of life. For a year has called for boots on the ground to destroy them: 
It's amazing what partnering w/ the private sector instead of railing against it can accomplish. In OH: 400k jobs. 
As Ohio goes, so goes the nation. Only has what it takes to win Ohio and stop Hillary in November.
Candidates like to talk about getting things done, but none can touch record of results. 
Love tax hikes? does too:  Meanwhile is proposing major tax cuts: 
 ; have big plans for your tax dollars, but their numbers don't add up.  
  I'd return to the GOP for  via
I'm grateful for the support and good words from -John 
Thank you for your support!  
 75th New Hampshire town hall in Goffstown, NH on 1/24/16!    
SC Sen. Raymond E. Cleary III on electing a candidate w/ the experience to lead on Day One:  
 The best of "awkward dad" jokes  
  "We have a great ground game, a good positive message... We're going to do extremely well here." 
 will be on  with Neil Cavuto  at 4:05 PM EST. Don't miss it!
 John Kasich gives a speech to Concord High School students.... "Believe that you can change the world." 
 Right now! taking questions from Concord High School students.    
Tune in to watch live on with at 3:45PM EST!
 50th NH town hall in Hooksett on 1/6/16! Getting ready to DOUBLE that # less than a month later. 
The Monadnock Ledger-Transcript is the 9th NH-area newspaper to endorse  
 25th New Hampshire town hall in Londonderry, NH on 11/5/15.    
 kicks off the day in Pelham, NH with a pitch for a Balanced Budget Amendment.   
 1st town hall on July 21, 2015 in Nashua, NH. We've come a long way since then! 
Former Rand Paul adviser is now a John Kasich adviser. Welcome to the team,  
 is under pressure yet enjoying every minute in New Hampshire.   
 shares Ohio's economic success story at today's NH business forum in Manchester. 400k jobs in 5 yrs! 
We have the best volunteers in the country. Thanks for all of your hard work!   
Excellent turnout in Derry, NH tonight as talks about fighting the drug epidemic.  
NH's goes to bat for praising his presidential demeanor ; ability to get things done. 
This would be a great way to honor a real life hero. -John 
What a tremendous honor to have Senator in New Hampshire this week to support 
 is staying upbeat ; civil in a contentious race, writes 
Watch @ 4PM EST to watch at NH biz forum hosted by ; Sheehan Phinney Bass ; Green 
 Six days before the  holds his 93rd town hall in New Hampshire in Durham. 
 On the bus with watch the interview on on tonight at 5   
 conviction ; commitment to public service has always made him a cut above. I wish him well in all his future work. -John
 is in Raymond, NH sharing plans to make entitlement spending sustainable again.   
First stop of the day: Durham, NH, where is reinforcing the importance of returning power to the states. 
 WATCH LIVE: holds a town hall in Durham, NH, his 93rd in NH, per his campaign:  
Take a behind the scenes look inside the  as it criss-crosses New Hampshire!  
  93rd NH Townhall this morning in Durham @ Three Chimneys Inn (bonus points for having coffee)  
 is an important voice in the GOP ; Senate. I respect his passion. -John
 WATCH LIVE: holds town hall in Plymouth, NH, his 92nd, according to his campaign  
Nice! It appears to be a letter to the editor from Iowa State Rep. Mary Ann Hanusa:  
ICYMI: Nashua Telegraph on why executive experience matters.  
Looks great! Thanks for your support. 
 advocates for a Balanced Budget Amendment today in Claremont, NH. See more:  
Thank you, Congressman Bass, for your support. -John 
 In op-ed backing Fmr NH Rep Charlie Bass cites Kasich's record, courage as reasons for endorsement. 
 WATCH LIVE: is about to hold a town hall in Claremont, NH:  
The New Hampshire primary election is only 7 days away and position is strong! 
Great talking with you! 
 talks w/ Colleen Marshall about his confidence 1 wk out from New Hampshire.   
 In  picks up endorsement of longtime Congressman Charlie Bass.   via
This morning in Newbury, NH shared his plans to reform healthcare. Read more:  
Former Hillsborough Co., NH Sheriff ; small business owner Walt Morse endorses  
7 out of 8 New Hampshire newspaper endorsements support for president!    
Ready, Set...NEW HAMPSHIRE! One week to go!    
Wishing the best to my friend ; Janet. He's an honorable good man with much public service still ahead of him. -John
  
Thank you for your support! 
Thank you for speaking on behalf of tonight!   
Thank you for your support!   
Thank you for your support!   
Another wonderful crowd in Loudon, NH tonight as closes in on 100 New Hampshire town halls!  
 OH state senator  shares story in DC balancing the budget ; bringing OH back  
 Thank you Mrs Peterson! Wife of Ohio Senator Peterson   
Proud to have supporters who are willing to stand up ; speak on behalf of nerves and all!   
Thanks for your support!   
 Lois Hanusa, in blue, speaks on behalf of Gov. at  GOP Precinct 6.  
 As I left, a man stopped me:  "You may have just changed my mind."  But it's not the messenger... It's the message 
 Tonight's isn't about sending a message -- Washington isn't listening anyway.  It's about leadership that will do what it sa…
Ohio Auditor of State makes the case for at a Johnston, Iowa caucus.   
Tune in to at 7:30PM EST to watch on
The good news: has a plan to balance the federal budget in 8 years:  
 surrogates ; volunteers are in Des Moines, Iowa getting ready for tonight's caucuses!  
 couldn't ask for better representation in Iowa tonight! Thanks 
 Iowans: The Daily Nonpareil thinks you should caucus for tonight. We do too!  ht…
In Portsmouth, NH says that unity and optimism are key to solving problems and building consensus.  
ICYMI: Yesterday Iowa's Quad-City Times endorsed as the "poster-child for all thinking Republicans" 
 Packed room for at a country club in Portsmouth, NH, eight days before the NH primaries 
  discusses plans for his first 100 days in office during a town hall in Rochester, New Hampshire. 
2 states in 3 days on behalf of Thank you for your support, Lt. Governor!  
 is in Rochester, NH emphasizing the importance of returning $, power ; influence to the states.  
Just out: 10th poll in a month that has securely in 2nd place in New Hampshire!  
Today's the day! For those of you planning to caucus in Iowa, find your caucus location here  
 sets the record straight on tax record: 
 My friend Jen's son's soapbox derby car. Too cute!! 
Joined by Sen in Bow, NH, lays out his plans to reform education ; balance the budget. 
Last day to help us hit our Jan. fundraising goal! Donate $25+ to receive a  pin!  
 ran into some supporters at his hotel in New Hampshire yesterday! They're everywhere, folks. 
 is in Salem, NH sharing his plans for the first 100 days if elected POTUS.    
Thank you for your support, Senator! 
 GOP candidate and arrive in Salem, NH for  85th New Hampshire town hall. 
We can make America safer ; stronger!Iowans: Commit to Caucus for  
Don't miss on w/ at 10AM EST today!
No contest: has the best volunteers on the ground in New Hampshire!    
Very proud to be endorsed by the -John  Help continue our   
 makes the case for a Balanced Budget Amendment in Keene, NH this afternoon.   
Thanks for your hard work, students! 
Help us keep our TV ad running in New Hampshire in these critical days before the primary! 
Proud to have the support of the - Together we can make America safer ; stronger -John  
  "I've got 7 out of 8 newspapers in New Hampshire ; I've got the ; 
 speaks to a tightly packed crowd in Merrimack, NH this morning. Honored to have with us! 
Volunteers like Rick are working hard to help us reach as many voters for as possible. 
Help us hit our Jan. fundraising goal! Chip in $25+ by Sunday and receive a  pin!  
Tune in to watch on at 11:15AM EST today!
Don't miss on  tonight at 9:30 EST!
Thanks ; for joining on the campaign trail in Cedar Rapids this morning! 
New Hampshire newspaper endorsements? has cleaned up.    
 Former U.S. Sen. Gordon Humphrey, a NH Kasich supporter, says Bush super PAC "besmirching" Bush family name. 
 enjoyed his lunch break at in Cedar Rapids.  
 Last week on The Circus, discovered penchant for bad jokes. 
  concern, compassion for mental health at  was outstanding. 
 Man stands up at town hall in CR. No Q. Encourages all others here to Caucus for  
Chip in $25 or more before the Sunday deadline and receive a  pin!  
West Virginia State Senator files ppwk to appear on the WV GOP primary ballot.  
  on "He is going to keep the American dream alive."  
Watch talk to after the  about his record of results:  
Who else is excited for February?     
This is our time to show ourselves and the world how Americans can come together. is the uniter we need.
Thanks Lieutenant Governor ; all of our volunteers who are campaigning hard for in New Hampshire today! 
Letter to the editor in Cedar Rapids, Iowa's Gazette says can break the Washington gridlock:  
Congrats to our two raffle winners who joined ; campaign manager Beth Hansen at tonight's  
Recapping the  w/ tonight.  
If we make a positive difference for the mentally ill, we can lift America. 
Talking is easy. But America needs a president ready to solve the problems we face. America needs John Kasich.
 Like what you heard tonight? Commit to caucus for at    
Ohio is stronger thanks to Gov. John Kasich. America, it's your turn.  
 Divisive rhetoric won't get us anywhere. It's time to elect a uniter: 
 If Iran is developing a nuclear weapon, "we're going to go in and take it out." 
 Kasich: "The time has come to stop ignoring the mentally ill in this country."   
 Kasich powerful on using reforms to help the mentally ill. This is a vital human issue. Great answer
  “The time has come to stop ignoring the mentally ill in this country.”  
Learn more about what Gov. Kasich has done for the mentally ill in Ohio:  
We all have the responsibility to reach out to ; help our most vulnerable neighbors.  
Learn more about the amazing things happening in criminal justice reform in Ohio:  
 Kasich is back in his wheelhouse. One of the GOP's problems is many who struggle think the GOP doesn't care about them. K…
 ; Let the record speak for itself.  
Who grew jobs faster? John Kasich 
Fact.  
When there is a crisis, John Kasich knows how to lead and will be ready.  
 has the executive experience to deal with crises on Day 1.  
From the beginning has called for the repeal of Obamacare. There's a better way:  
Gov. Kasich has a plan to revitalize our cyber-defenses. Read more about it here:   
He's ready to defend America. 
"You're a good man, Governor Kasich." 
A strong America needs a strong leader. John Kasich is ready to be Commander-in-Chief on Day One.   
No candidate has more national security experience than  
 "We have to come together as a country, and we have to stop all the divisions," says at  
Experience can move America forward. It's worked before. It can work again.  
Only one candidate can guarantee a big win in Ohio.   
It's not about bombast, it's about leadership. It's about the ability to get things done.  
Thanks for the support, Congressman! 
 checking out the stage in Des Moines, Iowa in preparation for the debate tonight!  
Today's poll is the 9th this month that has in 2nd in New Hampshire!  
Looking for a leader who will never quit fighting for you? your guy.  
Frmr Speaker of the Iowa House Brent Siegrist says has "right mix of talents and experience."  
We remember sadly the Challenger explosion that took the lives of Ohioan Judith Resnik ; 6 other brave souls. -John 
Sign up today, learn more or chip in to support -;  
Gov is live from Iowa on with - Tune in right now!  
 was in Davenport, Iowa tonight emphasizing the importance of staying optimistic ; uniting as a country. 
TUNE IN: will be a guest on w/ at 9:30pm CT (10:30pm ET) - Live from Iowa  
Only 13 days out from the New Hampshire primary ; has racked up 8 NH newspaper endorsements!  
 filed over 5000 certified signatures today in Indiana now on the ballot in 41 states....  
Another state checked off the list! is officially on the GOP primary ballot in Indiana.  
Today's endorsement from is 8th in greater NH!  
Only 5 days from the  ; the Daily Nonpareil is supporting  
I'm proud and honored to receive The Keene Sentinel's endorsement. -John  
 Yet another NH/Boston newspaper endorses this time The (Keene) Sentinel 
 Keene Sentinel joins growing list of New Hampshire papers backing in  primary: 
 is racking up New Hampshire endorsements this month:  via 
It's a full house in Amherst, NH for final town hall meeting of the day!    

  on New Hampshire poll: The Kasich story is emerging as a clear trend line 
ICYMI: New Hampshire's Bow Times gave a strong endorsement this month:  
 talking college affordability at in Rindge, NH this afternoon.   
 With Governor Kasich at Franklin Pierce University in NH 
 Pat Tiberi is proud to be campaigning with in New Hampshire today!  
Yet another poll has securely in 2nd place in New Hampshire! Check out the ARG poll released today: 
  At the end of the day, if we don't rise together we don't solve these problems. 
 . is grinding to the finish in NH. Tune in at 415p as we talk  student loans ; campaign fashion. 
 I'm with Governor Kasich today in New Hampshire. Just introduced him at a town hall meeting. 
 makes his first stop of the day: a cozy town hall at Molly's Tavern in New Boston, NH.  
 Commit today to helping keep up the momentum.   
In a letter to the SC State Rep. makes the case for for president: 
Great news! The Concord Monitor gives a glowing endorsement:  
In case you missed it, last night the endorsed  
 The endorses Gov. for President: 
 New England newspapers love Now the has endorsed him, too: 
 says NH Republicans can do GOP a "critical service" by voting for  
Proud to be endorsed by The -John 
  endorsement: Republicans should vote John Kasich in New Hampshire   
 BREAKING: The endorses Gov. for President!  
  endorses "The GOP needs to settle on one candidate...and Kasich is the best" 
 Boston Globe endorses in New Hampshire primary: 
 talks strengthening infrastructure ; fixing  in Kingston, NH tonight.  
Tomorrow will be on at 9AM EST ; at 9:10AM EST. Don't miss it!
 speaks to the Manchester, NH Rotary Club about encouraging job creation ; balancing the federal budget. 
 Great to meet Governor John Kasich today! He stopped in today for a haircut w Amy  
The contest ends at 11:59PM EST tonight! Win a trip to the IA  ;   
New Jersey's came up with a pretty telling side-by-side comparison of ; 
  chats with Manchester Mayor Ted Gatsas before speaking to Rotarians at Fratello's.  
Today in Newmarket, NH shares plans to make higher education more affordable.   
We hope to have your support!   
 WATCH: Town Hall Meeting in Goffstown, NH   
Thank you for your support! 
The NJ draws a sharp contrast in favor of over  
What happened to "Jeb!"? He planned to take America by storm, but instead he's fizzling out. 
We're 7 days away from the Iowa caucuses! Sign up and commit to support today!  
 celebrating his 75th New Hampshire town hall with a welcoming Goffstown crowd this afternoon! 
On today talks to about his recent surge in New Hampshire:  
Today held his 75th town hall in New Hampshire! Tough feat but worth it to meet so many Granite Staters! 
 Happy 75th NH town hall Gov.  
 with some young supporters in Goffstown, NH.   
Support from home by joining our National Phone From Home Program!  
What happened to "Jeb!"? His ship appears to be sinking fast. 
The Council Bluffs, Iowa Daily Nonpareil ; New Hampshire Valley News endorse  
Thanks for your dedication, DC team!  
 stops by HQ in Nashua, NH to greet volunteers ; their families. Tnx to all of you for your hard work! 
 Nashua Kasich for America office packed with volunteers as arrives to fire up the troops  
 is in Londonderry, NH this evening sharing his plans to cut wasteful spending ; balance the budget. 
 American hero Col. Tom Moe introduces to the crowd at the Londonderry town hall meeting.   
Anyone know what happened to "Jeb!"? He appears to have lost his exclamation point. 
 speaks to a wonderful crowd in Milford, NH about lifting the tax burden on taxpayers ; job creators. 
400k new private sector jobs, 400k families better off under leadership. Results matter. 
 at today's  GOP town hall: Demonizing opponents doesn't get us anywhere, but problem solving does. 
 "All my lifetime,I've been fighting the establishment" in Nashua,NH   
 is speaking now at the First in the Nation Town Hall hosted by Watch here on 
  stump much different from any other GOPer in that "we can't demonize the other side.  We have to work on …
 offering positive optimistic msg ; record of achievement not just talk   
 Noticing a wave of stories. I've long thought he was doing something right in NH. My column last Monday
 calls style refreshing in an angry election year:  
 says calm ; optimism appeal to New Hampshire voters:  
What happened to "Jeb!"? He planned to take America by storm, but instead he's fizzling out. 
 squeezed in some extra public speaking practice with an impromptu stop at  this morning. 
Tomorrow will be on Michael Smerconish live at 9:30AM EST. Don't miss it!
 shares plans to make college more affordable ;  sustainable in Dover, NH tonight. 
 Yes! Question asked on  ; shared info on his plan 2 update it   
 fielding crowd questions at tonight's Dover, NH Town Hall   
 says "stands in stark contrast" to negative, partisan candidates: 
 couldn't fix his state's budget, so he left everyone else on the hook by hiking up fees. 
Under leadership Ohioans have created more than 400,000 new jobs since 2011!   
 shares his plans to defeat ISIS ; keep America safe at a town hall in Franklin, NH this afternoon. 
Are you getting our latest news and updates? Download the  mobile app today!  
 couldn't fix Florida's budget so he dropped $150 million worth of fees on everyone. Leadership fail.
Proud of OH for creating 400k jobs in past 5 yrs. We’re showing US that tax cuts ; balanced budgets=results  -John 
(4/4) couldn't fix his state's budget without raising healthcare fees for low-income kids.  
(3/4) couldn’t fix his state's budget so he made mobile home owners pay more.    
(2/4) couldn’t fix healthcare, so he made low-income families pay more for their meds.  
(1/4) couldn't control community college costs, so he made students pay more.   
It's an honor to receive endorsement today!   
North Korea’s arrest of an Ohio college student is inexcusable ; he should be released ; returned immediately. 
  “I’ve always been a person who’s fought for the underdog throughout my career.”  
At a town hall in Wolfeboro NH talked about reforming healthcare so you can keep more of your paycheck. 
Same story, cell phone users. couldn't work it out so you got to pay more.    
Tough luck, snake owners. increased fees for you too.    
 couldn’t fix healthcare, so he made low-income families pay more.    
 couldn't control college costs, so he made students pay more.    
 says optimistic spirit is resonating w/ voters in New Hampshire: 
 Tune in to  tonight NH Laconia lunch chat w 
 Coming up at 5pm ET, watch  interview with Livestream here:  
 will be on tonight at 10:25PM EST to talk about his surge in New Hampshire. Don't miss it! 
 greets a group of volunteers from DC in Laconia, New Hampshire this afternoon.   
 ; twin daughters Emma ; Reese make the case for the candidate they know best:
 Its not every day that your brewery gets a pic featured in Thanks for stopping by + lending a hand ht…
 speaks at a Laconia Rotary meeting about how experience ; optimism are the key to solving problems. 
 In Laconia, NH, pledges entitlement/tax reform w/out personal income tax cut in first year of presidency 
 At a rotary club in Laconia, NH, pitches himself as the cheerful candidate in a mad-as-hell moment. 
Former Speaker of the Iowa House Brent Siegrist makes the case for a Kasich presidency: 
Support from home by joining our National Phone From Home Program!  
  scores a key New Hampshire endorsement  via 
Former New Hampshire GOP Chair ; author endorses for president:  
 "It isn't time for an apprentice." Read the endorsement here:   
New poll has 2nd among NH independents, who make up 44% of NH electorate:  
 is generating "real traction" in New Hampshire:  
 is in Gilford, NH tonight sharing ideas to lower cost of higher ed ; achieve energy independence. 
That's right! You too can be friend.  
 Commit to Caucus for today!   
Good to hear! Our volunteers are working hard to make personal contact with New Hampshire voters.    
Good turnout for the last event of the day in Gilford, NH.  
Our team is expanding in Iowa! Read more:  
A just-released poll by ; has in 2nd in NH again! 
Tnx to former Congressman Tom Coleman ; fmr State Rep. Ross McGregor for supporting at 
 talks to Exel warehouse employees in Bow, NH about Social Security reform ; benefits for our vets. 
 Miss my exclusive Intv w ,his wife and twin 16 year old daughters? Tune into w next
 covers everything from balanced budgets to keeping nukes from N. Korea at a town hall in Concord, NH. 
Don't miss on at 1:30PM EST!
 says is campaigning w/ optimism in New Hampshire:    
 In his element: w/ a national debt counter in Concord. 
 CONCORD, NH -- suddenly hot here, boasts he has best ground game in the state.  
As president will help you keep more of your hard-earned income.   
Are you following yet on Search for "John Kasich" for an inside look at the campaign! 
 tells that ground game is key to New Hampshire breakthrough: 
 speaks to the about unifying the nation to solve our greatest challenges.  
Fantastic piece in today's by former NH AG Tom Rath   
Former U.S. Congressman Chuck Douglas endorses for president:   
  is on the campaign trail with his family in NH. Watch their exclusive interview with 
America needs leadership that delivers results. One year from today will be sworn in as President. 
John Kasich's surge in New Hampshire is not going unnoticed:  
 invited some new friends to take a look around the campaign bus after his town hall in Hopkinton, NH. 
The says that positive, uplifting approach is paying off. Read here: 
Saddened by the loss of one of team members. Prayers for his family ; everyone out campaigning. -John
At tonight's town hall in Hopkinton, NH shares plan to return more federal $ and power to the states. 
 Thx to our friends at Crisis Ctr of Central NH, serving victims of domestic violence ; human trafficking. 
 Thx for the opportunity to sit down w/ Shari ; talk about the best man for our next President 
 Hopkinton town hall - last stop w/ for president. Keep the momentum going, team Kasich! We'll be back!! 
  "When I can tell [voters] what I've done, then it creates a better situation for when I tell them what I want to…
Tune in to hear interview with at 7:15PM EST! 
 produces real results for women, says letter to the editor in  
The next President should be a Governor who has a record of accomplishment. has been a great Gov for Iowa.
Wonderful town hall at in Concord, NH.  Photos courtesy of Emma ; Reese!    
The Kasich family sits down with on the campaign bus.  
 Wrapping up stops around  talking to and  6pmET on 
 Speaking with after a town hall in NH.       
Our prayers are with the individuals and their families from team involved in the car accident today. -John
Gov. ; Mrs. Kasich ran into at lunch at the Common Man restaurant in Concord today! 
 . is speaking right now at He joins me on NH Now at 4:15p.   
It's called cleaning out the lauter tun, apparently.  
 had a wonderful tour of in Henniker, New Hampshire this morning. They put him to work! 
In case you missed it, check out job interview with   
5th poll has in 2nd place in New Hampshire ; his numbers are rising fast! 
 Snapchatting with the girls... too!   
This morning enjoyed a tour of Morse Sporting Goods in Hillsboro, NH.    
We're on the rise in NH! 21 days to go! Chip in $21 or more right now to help:   
 joins ; Fmr Senator Gordon Humphrey on the campaign bus this morning. 
 earns a resounding stamp of approval from The this week: 
The endorsed ; gave him an "A" rating in 2014.  
Read 's full interview (Skimmterview?) here!  
Go Emma ; Reese! 
If you have doubts about whether or not volunteers are the best in NH, this video should crush them!  
 "When we rise, we have an obligation to not leave anyone in the shadows." speaking to Tuck ; 
 talking economic policy at this afternoon.    
  tells he has “the best ground game"in NH  
Behind-the-scenes moment as volunteers gathered in Concord, NH last evening to greet the Kasich Family 
Another glowing endorsement from Foster's Daily Democrat:     
 finding a quiet moment on the campaign bus in snowy New Hampshire.    
The Portsmouth Herald endorses ; makes the case for a proven record.    
Live in PA or know people there who'd sign a petition to help get on the GOP ballot? Sign up today! 
Excellent letter to the editor in calling "the most capable candidate" ; "proven leader" 
The Kasichs enjoyed talking w/Plymouth Communities for Alcohol ; Drug Free Youth about drug prevention this morning. 
 We're on the road again w/ in NH! Great energy here. Sign up to join the team!  
  on Drug ; Alcohol Abuse – LIVE online here:  
 Gov. returns to  today to participate in a forum sponsored by and 
 Gearing up for the  vote with an appearance by hosted at Hale House this Sat. 
High praise from the     
  on Drug ; Alcohol Abuse – LIVE at 10:30am ET online here:   
We're only 14 days from the Iowa caucuses! Sign up and commit to support today!  
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., whose courage ; strength have inspired the world for 50 yrs.  
So saddened to hear of the loss of Danville Police Officer Thomas Cottrell, who died in the line of duty this morning. -John
Chilly evening, warm reception from volunteers ; supporters as the Kasich family arrives in New Hampshire!  
 is the candidate is worried about facing in 2016.  
Let’s unleash the private sector to create jobs. It’s worked for Ohio, and it can work for the nation.  
Balancing the budget = Getting our economy moving again. The only one w/ a plan:   
 2016 News on Supporters greet as he arrives at Concord airport  
It's time to elect a leader with the will and experience to lead America. It's time to elect  
Bringing America together takes more than rhetoric -it takes action. And ready to unite us. 
John Kasich's community-police task force was formed 12/14. The progress since then has been incredible.  
 We are doing great work for our state this Task Force  
 ran into the team in New Hampshire today!    
No Republican has EVER won the White House w/o winning OH.  ;  
Get our latest news and updates by downloading the mobile app today!  
In case you missed last week's  watch distinguish himself as the candidate for opportunity.
  gaining momentum in NH. He'll be on my  show 7pm tonight. TUNE IN!
Thanks for your support!  
 in 4 new polls and endorsed by 3 newspapers =  -Help us keep it going!  
Tune in NOW - is live on
Don't miss on tomorrow at 11AM EST!
Thank you ; members ; staff for your dedication ; support!  
Thanks to our volunteers knocking on doors in Lebanon, NH today. Stay warm and go team!    
First moose sighting in New Hampshire 
Thanks to everyone who braved the snowstorm to make it to Dixville Notch Town Hall meeting!  
Support from your home by joining our National Phone From Home Program!  
Thanks for your support, Rep. Sears!  
 THIS is  Full house in Dixville Notch for . Talking to voters everywhere 
Keep it up, team! 
Tnx to our incredible volunteers for braving the New Hampshire winter to knock on doors for  
 signs the famous fridge at    
Thanks for your support!  
 I oppose raising the min. wage b/c it leads to fewer jobs ; higher prices, hurting the very people it is intended to help. -John
 2016 News:  ; Portsmouth Herald endorse  
 2016 News:  ; Portsmouth Herald endorse   via
Overflow crowd in Conway, NH for a Town Hall w/  Join the team today  
BREAKING: endorsed by the Portsmouth Herald ; Foster's Daily Democrat   
 This Sunday: and talk 2016, plus an expert political panel. Tune in! 
Don't miss live on The Real Story with at 2:15p ET today! 
Let’s make sure we all have the opportunity to realize the American Dream.  
I've enjoyed participating in  w/ Iowa high schoolers this week. -John 
Proud to announce an endorsement today from my good friend Speaker -John  
Read more:  
Live in PA or know people there who'd sign a petition to help get on the GOP ballot? Sign up today! 
Tnx to our hardworking volunteers who are headed to New Hampshire this weekend! Join them:  
  on New Hampshire race: "If I come out of there as a story...I believe I'll be the Republican nominee." 
Join the team! Visit  
 Kasich won re-election in all but two counties in Ohio. GOP must win Ohio to win presidency.
A lot of Americans out there feel powerless —stuck in a broken system. has a message for you. 
  1st: 63%2nd. 58%3rd. 55% 
Bringing America together takes more than rhetoric -it takes action. And John Kasich’s ready to unite us. 
 "I will continue to fight for you, because you are the ones who built this country." to the public in closing rema…
 has spent his career creating opportunity for every American, regardless of background.  
John Kasich knows what it means to take on the system -- and win.  
“We gotta fight like crazy so people can think the American dream still exists — because it does.” 
John Kasich's community-police task force was formed 12/14. The progress since then has been incredible.  
One of the very first accomplishments of John Kasich as governor --- the complete elimination of the estate tax in Ohio. 
 doesn’t just talk about tax cuts—he’s cut taxes more than any other sitting governor.  
"[Blue collar workers] need to be paid attention to because they’re Americans and they carry the load." 
"The leadership of John Kasich was instrumental in Ford's decision to insource that work from Mexico to Ohio." 
John Kasich knows how to bring jobs from Mexico to America --- because he's done it.   
Four straight polls running 2nd in NH. Join the movement:   
Sometimes you have to talk straight to your friends. 
 has said it all along: We must rally our allies to wipe ISIS off the map.  
  I think a pause on Syrian refugees has been exactly right.  
Gov Kasich showing why he's surging in New Hampshire. Here's the 4th straight poll showing in 2nd place. 
 extensive nat'l security experience shining through in  Read more:  
John Kasich has a plan to boost our nation's energy industry.  
John Kasich's strong record on 2nd Amendment rights has earned him support in Ohio. 
 was endorsed ; given an "A" rating by the NRA for defending Ohioans' 2nd amendment rights.  
 Love understanding of (and solutions to!) real people struggles
And no candidate is better prepared to defeat Hillary Clinton than John Kasich.  
Thx, Ari. A strong record of results doesn't hurt either. Read about it at   
If wins, so does America.  
Want to get things done? Elect a leader who gets things done and has a plan to bring America together.  
While we wait for this part of the debate to wrap up, let's learn a bit more about John Kasich's record.  
Read about detailed plan to cut taxes at    
John Kasich is ready to lead, and knows what it takes to propel America's economy forward. 
 Kasich hitting key entrepreneur/biz points. Tax cuts lead to job creation. 
Facts are facts. No sitting governor in the nation has cut taxes more than John Kasich.  
 "We have to have discipline. We have to show that we can balance our budget," answer gets straight to the po…
It's time to elect a leader with the will and experience to lead America. It's time to elect  
 I'm liking what is saying about the economy. If Ohio's economic recovery is any indication, he gets it. 
"If you cut taxes for corporations and for individuals, you’re going to make things move.” -John Kasich
 Kasich's focus on job creators and the need to give them both incentives and confidence to create jobs is exactly right.
Business is booming in Ohio. Look at the Kasich record.   
John Kasich is completely phasing out small biz taxes in OH. His plan to balance the fed budget cuts taxes for families ; biz. 
Getting our economy moving again means balancing the budget. Who’s the only one w/ a plan?  
Let’s unleash the private sector to create jobs. It’s worked for Ohio, and it can work for the nation.  
4 NH polls in 1 wk showing at  and on the move! Visit our website to join  ;  
America is ready for a president that has bucked the system -- and won. America is ready for John Kasich.  
Only has what it takes to win Ohio and beat Hillary. Watch him in action tonight at the 
Nice  
 2 ways I'll help young people: working w/ higher ed institutions to lower cost of attending ; helping businesses create good jobs.
 Great letter 2 editor in today on why is best pick for president.  
Nice meeting you! Thx for your support 
4th poll in a week confirms that is 2nd in New Hampshire!   
No Republican has EVER won the White House w/o winning OH. will defeat Hillary - 
Checking out the debate setup in preparation for tonight's  in SC. Don't miss it! 
Tune in to watch take the stage at 9p ET!  
Are you following yet on Search for "John Kasich."  
Participating in the Feb 1st IA caucuses? Sign up ; commit to support today!  
 in Storm Lake, Iowa becomes first newspaper in state to endorse in  they endorse 
 facetiming with some of our New Hampshire volunteers from South Carolina tonight. Keep it up, team! 
Former U.S. Senate candidate Bob Turkavage from NJ is driving around New Hampshire campaigning for 
 Getting started in Charleston tonight. Great crowd for  
It was nice meeting you! 
Thank you for your support! 
Very articulate ; well-informed letter to the editor from an student in today: 
 I want to be president to help every American, no matter who you are, have the opportunity to reach your God-given potential.
Job well done, We can and must all do better. America never gives up. 
Read my full response to final   
If we've learned anything from in 8 years, it's that on-the-job training doesn't cut it.   
Weak U.S. leadership in the Mideast allowed ISIS to rise. John Kasich knows what it takes to wipe them out.  
The world is calling on America to lead, but President Obama hasn't picked up the phone. Let's lead:  
 has thrown key allies under the bus. See plan to renew our alliances:  
 cut taxes more than any sitting governor ; helped Ohioans create 385,000 more jobs.   
Gov. Kasich has been working hard to improve college affordability. Learn all about it here:  
 has been a disaster. We must repeal ; replace it.   
Opportunity is in Ohio. More than 170,000 jobs are available right now. Learn more at  
Gov. Kasich's 3rd Grade Reading Guarantee is already showing significant progress in Ohio.  
While America’s credit took hits, Ohio’s got stronger.   
Unemployment in Ohio has improved far faster than the national rate. Under it’s down to 4.5%.  
Under leadership, Ohio’s wages are growing faster than the nation's.  
Mr. President, there’s a better way:   
Iran should release our sailors immediately and should call for it tonight. 
We can't let drug abuse take hold of our communities. Ohio is leading the fight to stop it.  
Looking forward to hearing the plan to strengthen the military ; defeat terrorism…Wait, that’s next year.  
Looking forward to hearing the plan to cut taxes…Wait, that’s next year.  
Looking forward to hearing about the plan to balance America's budget...Wait, that's next year's  
Thanks to our amazing volunteers for braving the cold to reach voters for in New Hampshire!  
 
 Great Crowd for headquarters in Reno NV today.     
Momentum is growing fast as more New Hampshire voters hear ideas for a safer, more prosperous America.
A Hampton, NH small biz owner who met last week says Kasich has his vote:  
Don't miss Gov. Kasich on New Day w/ tomorrow at 8:05AM EST!
I'm looking fwd to participating in Thursday's primetime debate in SC ; sharing my plans for a safer ; stronger America. -John
 In NH, is closing in on as the primary approaches 
Make that THREE new polls! also has tied for 2nd in New Hampshire:  
Tied for 2nd in two new polls! Support  w/ a $5 or more donation!  
 Packed house in Council Bluffs, Iowa for talking about his record and vision for the future 
 in Council Bluffs speaking to a great crowd about his record of results and positive vision for America 
Please take a moment to watch this great video from abt why he's on  
30 days from the New Hampshire primary! Available to visit NH to help with our grassroots programs? Sign up today 
Our first deployment of Buckeye volunteers hit the ground running in Concord, NH this wknd. Go team go!  
 ; report on success in New Hampshire this week:  
Gov. Kasich w/ at  sharing stories of hope ; opportunity. 
  right. We need to pay attention to  so kids have the skills to succeed.  
 and join and to discuss more poverty solutions 
We're very excited to have Sen.​ on  Watch his video message ; pls share! 
Tune in to right now to watch live at the   
 Sen. Humphrey sharing why he's supporting to a group of students during a mtg at htt…
Gov. Kasich is getting ready for the  at 11:30AM EST today. Watch the live stream at  
Gov. Kasich got a chance to meet the Vanderbilt Men's Basketball team in South Carolina. Good luck today 
  "There isn't any doubt that'd I'd win the general election"  
Thank you for your support! -John 
Tune in to watch Gov. Kasich live at 9:45AM EST today!
Honored to be endorsed by my friend ; OH's great US Senator -John 
Tune in to - watch live at the Exeter, NH Town Hall   Standing room only! 
 Gov. has arrived! Watch his Town Hall in Exeter, NH at 5:15pm ET LIVE on 
  Town Hall Meeting in Exeter, New Hampshire – LIVE at 5:30pm ET on C-SPAN  
 Opening show w/ who is quietly drawing larger crowds in New Hampshire and has building 3/1 org in SEC states
Gov. Kasich enjoyed meeting with the Yankee Fishermen's Co-Op ; hearing about the challenges facing their industry. 
Checking out the "lobstahs" at the Yankee Fishermen's Co-Op this afternoon.    
It was a pleasure to meet you. Thank you for your service, sir!  
New Hampshire voters are impressed by leadership in Ohio via  
Glad to be participating. Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow. -John  
New Hampshire voters are moving in direction.    
Thanks for coming! Wonderful to meet you.  
Gov. Kasich shares his plans to ease the tax ; regulatory burden on job creators w/ full house in Hampton, NH. 
When in stop to buy a few birthday presents!    
Gov. Kasich having a great convo with employees in Stratham, NH about how to unify America.  
New Hampshire voters trading signs for signs:  
We win battles w/ bullets, but wars w/ ideas. Gov. Kasich will defend the values that make us great. 
 Former US Sen. Humphrey OpEd: "Senators talk; governors act"  
How do you fix the economy? lays out his plan to turn things around on today. 
Talking to a packed house in Hudson, New Hampshire tonight about repeating Ohio accomplishments in Washington.  
Gov. Kasich's first TV ad is airing in New Hampshire! If you like it,  to share w/ your family ; friends.
In case you missed it, Gov. Kasich held his 50th New Hampshire town hall this week!   
Today we filed a full slate of delegates ; alternates in Puerto Rico!   
Our entitlement systems are broken. Gov Kasich will control Medicaid spending in DC like he did in OH.  
Enjoyed a delicious lunch at MaryAnns restaurant in Derry, New Hampshire today!    
  Corporate tax rate has to come down, and we have to allow companies bring their profits back. 
 2016 News covers at business roundtable in Derry    
 John Kasich talks w/ Greater Londonderry ; Salem Chamber today, first Qs right off bat about his tax policy 
50 New Hampshire town halls!!   
Gov. Kasich fought for significant tax cuts and today Ohioans are paying $5 billion less.   
Gov. Kasich will be on with Stuart Varney  at 10:20AM EST. Tune in shortly!
Don't miss Gov. Kasich on at 10:10AM EST today!
Covering everything from healthcare reform ; job creation to immigration ; N. Korea at town hall  tonight! 
Cake all around as we celebrate our 50th New Hampshire town hall in Hooksett tonight!    
Rider Fisk, 10 yr old neighbor, asks Gov. Kasich a question at Pints ; Politics tonight. 
Thanks to ; for having me at Pints;Politics tonight. -John 
Gov. Kasich is surging in NH:  
Tonight Gov. Kasich will hold his 50th town hall in NH! Our ground game is rock solid.   
ICYMI: A second NH poll has Gov. Kasich in 3rd place:  
Gov. Kasich is with at to talk best practices for combating human trafficking in the U.S. 
 A 2nd NH poll shows ahead of 
 We are excited to discuss the issue of  with at  
 Talked to about North Korea, Medicaid, if he looks like Harrison Ford, ; also what is "basic"? Friday 
 Gov. Kasich chats w/ about Ohio's turnaround ; why he's most qualified to be president. 
Under Gov. Kasich's leadership, Ohio's credit outlook improved while other states got downgraded.  
 The first television ad of presidential campaign began airing in New Hampshire on Tuesday 
What does a strong grassroots campaign look like? 50 town halls in 6 mths of campaigning in NH!  
Really enjoyed my POTUS job interview with this morning. -John 
As POTUS will never give up defending our allies from bullies who threaten our freedoms.  
ICYMI: Check out Gov. Kasich's full interview with at All credit to 
Thanks for having me! -John 
Thx for having me on ; -John 
Update: Look for Gov. Kasich on at 5:10PM EST!
Gov. Kasich changed the way Ohio does business ; Ohio went from a 350k job loss to a 385k job gain.  
Don't miss Gov. Kasich on at 5pm EST tonight!  
Gov. Kasich talks education reform ; keeping costs down with at the Convention.  
 talking addiction and recovery with student voters.   
Gov. Kasich on fighting drug use: "It takes a commitment to tell another person, 'Don't do it.'" 
Gov. Kasich is at  w/ whose story is in his book Courage is Contagious. 
 "If you save one life you save the world." That is the work we are all doing here together
 WATCH LIVE: Coming up at 11am ET: is scheduled to address the Addiction Policy Forum in New Hampshire 
America never gives up ; I’m so grateful for our troops who never give up fighting to protect our freedom. –John 
Have you seen our first TV ad? It's airing in NH today!     
Great crowd in Manchester NH as Gov. Kasich lays out his plan to rein in out-of-control spending.   
Excited to launch our Nat'l Phone From Home program today! Sign up at    
When it comes to defending our freedom,  has a plan to defeat ISIS:  
  "You want to give people a second chance," notes recidivism rate in Ohio 1/2 nat'l avg  
It's a full house in Des Moines today as Gov. Kasich shares his plans to spur job creation ; grow economy.  
 Packed house for in Historic Valley Junction   
 "You gotta stay away from drugs" tells college students here, continuing his prez campaign/anti-drug effort…
We're excited about our new TV ad that begins airing in NH on Tuesday. Check it out!   
Gov. Kasich talks w/ abt upbringing ; why  is important. Watch the interview Sun. at 10:30AM CST. 
They say it can't be done, but has a plan to balance the federal budget in 8 years:  
Gov. Kasich on 'I am the voice of people who have never been listened to." See full interview below.  
 never stops fighting to make tomorrow better than today. Like America, he never gives up. 
Tune in Sunday to watch on Check your local listing here:  
 We'll have two GOP candidates on the show tomorrow: and Tune in! 
Strong win and a great season from my alma mater! Best of luck to all the players moving on! Go  and...¯\_(ツ)_/¯-John
Saddened by the loss of fmr US Rep. Mike Oxley, my friend ; a man who cared deeply about our nation. -John
Beat the Irish. O-H!-John 
From our family to yours,  Wishing you and your loved ones a blessed start to 2016. -John 
 is up to  in NH and we have the strongest organization in the state. Let’s win!  
Almost to 50, and we're not slowing down anytime soon!    
Download the  mobile app today for the latest news ; updates! Visit:   
Great seeing you! Thx for attending 
 advisors continue to say they are most worried about facing in 2016. Chip in today!
Thank you for your commitment to public service ; our nation,  Best wishes to you and your family. -John
He hasn't been gov for almost a decade, but still loves the good ole days. Here are some of his old faves.
 Video:  Kasich holds town hall in snowy Nashua 
Thanks to everyone who braved the weather today!     
 Another good crowd in Keene for . Little snow didn't stop anyone  
Gov. Kasich talks to tonight's Keene, NH crowd about being a voice for all Americans.    
Great to see you there! Thanks for coming. 
  "We have the best ground game and the best organization in New Hampshire." 
 Despite the snow, at least 55 hearty souls in Nashua to see 
Wonderful crowd in Nashua today listening to Gov. Kasich's plan for turning the economy around.   
 Good crowd for in the middle of snow storm here in Nashua, NH.   
  "I have to be the story coming out of [New Hampshire] so people can hear my message." 
Learn more:   
 Don't miss and today with  
Tune in to at 12pm today to watch Gov. Kasich on 
 Probably no baseball in NH today, but politicking goes on!   
  “God bless the people of Cleveland and…the  family.”  
Update: Tune in at 9:40pm tonight to watch Gov. Kasich live on with 
Don't miss Gov. Kasich on  at 9pm tonight! 
  begins remarks at Devine Millimet w/ economic focus - touts need to balance budgets and create jobs. 
My statement on the Tamir Rice case. -John 
ICYMI: Check out our behind the scenes look at the Kasich family's recent trip to New Hampshire.  
 Currently compiling questions for our sitdown today. He's on  at 1:45. Send yours my way. 
Former U.S. Rep. highlights "successful conservative record" on natl security. 
 Good morning. Back in the office. Big day. We'll be joined by on  at 1:45. Send me questions.
Check out profile of dominant NH ground game:   
Tune in this morning to watch Gov. Kasich on Find your local listing here:  
Don't miss Gov. Kasich tmrw on w/ Check your local listing:  
 TUNE IN! Great  Show w/GOP Candidates! Sunday 7pm
From our family to yours, Merry Christmas! -John, Emma, Reese and Karen Kasich 
On their recent NH visit, the Kasich Family spoke with - Check it out!   
See our latest behind-the-scenes video from the Kasich Family  in New Hampshire? Check it out!  
Gov. is polling 3rd in the most recent New Hampshire survey. Momentum is building!   
Check out a behind the scenes look at Gov. Kasich's recent trip to NH with his wife Karen ; daughters Emma ; Reese.
You bet I am! It's working in Ohio.  
Ohio is working together for a stronger tomorrow. -John  
 A great pick up for in SC, this time from the House. - "a record of results and a realistic pla…
It's an exciting week for our South Carolina team. We're honored to welcome you aboard, State Rep. 
 Excited to have join the South Carolina Team.
  logs 45th town hall in the Granite State:  via 
Anna's from Claremont NH ; she wants to be a park ranger, marine biologist or in the Coast Guard-maybe all 3! -KK 
Anna Numme wrote a letter of support to our campaign ; now we're lucky enough to have her on the bus with us. -KK 
Last stop in Concord, NH. We've met so many wonderful people these last few days! -KK   
 2016 News First on returns to  Dec.  28-29    
Talking to about life on the campaign trail and why it's all worth it. -KK   
Nice! Get your own fleece here:   
Voters are looking for a leader with a record of bringing people together to get the job done. Results matter. 
Welcome aboard, South Carolina Senators Paul Campbell, Jr. ; Greg Gregory! 
Donating food to New Horizons Food Pantry in Manchester w/ Emma ; her friend Megan. It's a privilege to serve. -KK 
At the launch of Women for Kasich! John is talking about how his mother was the greatest influence on his life.” -KK 
Sharing passion for fitness ; heart health with 's this morning. -KK   
Enjoyed Sen. wit ; respect his seriousness on nat’l security—experience matters. Best wishes to him. -John
Talking with wonderful crowd about how John is the right person to lead our country. -KK  
Talking w/ about importance of being home and taking care of our family while John is on the road. -KK 
Live in the green room sharing about Ohio's success in fighting human trafficking. -KK  
First stop, Manchester. Grateful to the Walkers for welcoming us to their lovely home! -KK   
Karen Kasich here! I’m taking over the Twitter acct for the next 2 days while our family campaigns across NH! -KK 
 has a plan to get money, power ; influence out of Washington and back to the American ppl   
We need an executive who's been tried, tested -- and successful.   Learn more: 
America needs a leader that will bring people together for a stronger tomorrow. America needs 
Experience matters. served 18 years on the Armed Services Committee ; is ready to be Commander-in-Chief. 
President Obama's failure to lead has empowered our enemies. is ready to fight back.  
 has a comprehensive plan to strengthen national security ; defeat ISIS. Read more here:  … 
 advisors have said over and over that they're worried about facing in 2016 
Just saw this-good fit: A Trump-Putin ticket "Make Tyranny Great Again" SignUp @ yr own risk 
Putin is a thug ; a bully. Candidates should know it ; say it. Our next President needs to stand up to him, not befriend him. -John
Looking good Support buy American this winter!  
Glad to see following our lead, questioning readiness to lead. 
Gov. ended the day with a town hall in Waterloo at the See you again soon, Iowa!  
Check out our new mobile app!  or "John Kasich 2016" on 
Gov. talks balanced budgets ; immigration reform with in Des Moines, IA.  
Thanks to our incredible team of volunteers, our ground game in Vermont is strong!   
Excited to launch our new 2016 mobile app. Download it today!   
 Live video: Republican presidential candidate meets with Register Editorial Board  
  w/ editorial board. Watch live  ; follow
 Kasich:  You don’t have to go along, but you’ve got to get along. 
 Great to have students from Mayflower school in Creston, IA in rotunda ;stop by interview 
 Stopped by Old Spaghetti Works for a little lunch in Des Moines.  
On Dec. 17, 1903, the Wright brothers of Dayton OH made their first sustained ; powered flight.   
Gov. sits down with in the beautiful  State Capitol.  
Gov. at the  "All the fighting and arguing is not advancing us." We need a leader who unites.
Gov. Kasich shares plan for getting health costs under control at a town hall in Ankeny this evening.  
Wax it on, but don’t wax this sticker off. Chip in $5 and show your support for  
 accepts Gov. filing for the presidency. It's good to be from the Buckeye State! O-H! 
Reform. Hope. Growth. Opportunity. Security. knows the right ingredients for winning the White House.
America needs a leader that will bring people together for a stronger tomorrow. America needs John Kasich.
John Kasich tonight. 
  is channeling a bit of Reagan tonight - Gov't has to protect the people 1st and foremost.  
  “You know what a leader does? A leader has a sound program, has a good policy ; then brings ppl together to s…
The Russians have gotten away with too much.  
 Yay! Kasich actually talks about ECONOMY, jobs. Is he the right guy to unify?
Let's be clear.  
 Kasich also having a solid debate, esp. on foreign policy. He's specific: ground troops, Assad can't stay as Syrian dictat…
Whatever it takes.  
From February: John Kasich has a plan to fight and destroy ISIS:  
Does Donald Trump believe he's bigger than the U.S. Constitution? 
Experience matters. John Kasich served 18 years on the Armed Services Committee ; is ready to be Commander-in-Chief. 
  good follow up to Fiorina on encryption.  We need to get gov. and tech community together on this.  
It's time to take cyber-security seriously. John Kasich will make it a priority as president.  
  hits Paris conference for focusing on climate change over the threat of ISIS.  
In a dangerous world, America needs a serious and experienced leader. America needs John Kasich.  
It's time to join John Kasich's team and elect a president ready and able to lead. Sign up at 
"Unifier-in-Chief" 
"When I see they have a climate conference over in Paris, they should've been talking about destroying ISIS." -Gov. John Kasich 
On national security, experience matters. America needs John Kasich.  
America needs a president with a real plan to keep our nation secure. Here's John Kasich's:   
John Kasich has the experience America needs to take on terrorism.  
 Kasich's message of unity and cooperation should resonate more. Isn't that what we say we want?
"We are Republicans and they are Democrats, but before that we are Americans." -Gov. John Kasich 
America is stronger. Together.  
Before we get started, here's a little reminder of what John Kasich brings to the table...  
Thanks NH volunteers for your incredible support!   
Gov. Kasich understands the challenges facing Americans today ; is ready to lead them to a stronger tmrw. 
 is ready to take the stage at the  Tune in to at 8:50EST to watch. 
Gov. Kasich just finished his walkthrough of the  stage in Las Vegas. Tune in to at 8:50EST to watch! 
At the for the  Check out our geofenced filter today for  
 Gov. Kasich is "thrifty fiscal planner" and "bipartisan deal maker." 
Gov. Kasich is ready. Tune in to  or  at 8:30EST tonight to watch the  live! 
Want to get more involved? Sign up for Captains for Kasich today to volunteer ; receive free campaign swag! 
You may value your constitutional rights, but is not as concerned.
See Gov. Kasich's plan to keep America safe:   
Weather this election season with a warm, American-made  fleece! Order today!  
Congrats to Iowa's as he becomes the longest serving governor in U.S. history today! -John  
Tune in to  today to watch Gov. Kasich on Find your local listing:
 will be a guest on on Sunday - Tune in! Find your listing: 
Gov. Kasich stopped to greet a small group in beautiful Peterborough, NH to end the day. See you again soon, NH! 
Our incredible volunteers made a stop in Gov. Kasich's hometown of McKees Rocks PA en route to Vermont. Many thanks! 
Gov. Kasich talks job creation and balancing the budget at in Peterborough NH.  

At a town hall with Main Street America Group in NH, Gov. Kasich shared his plan to boost the economy. 
 Visit by today carries on long-standing tradition of candidates of all parties visiting  …
 At Main Street American Group town hall, Kasich touts Ohio economic recovery - "probably the best in all of America" 
It's a packed house at in Keene, NH for Gov. Kasich's first town hall of the day!  
We need unity, not division, to keep America safe. America's national security transcends partisanship. 

 Many thanks to for speaking with  today:   
See the plan here:  
Gov. Kasich sharing plan for better healthcare results at Merrimack, NH town hall. For more:  
Gov. Kasich stopping to chat at Manchester, NH treasure   
Today Gov. Kasich enjoyed an incredible Italian lunch at Piccola Italia in Manchester, NH. 
 to winters past in McKees Rocks, PA 
 Stay tuned to find out what says about the state of    
 Stay tuned! will be live tweeting updates during the teleform with this afternoon 

  discussed his national security strategy at CFR. Watch:  
Gov. Kasich outlines his plan to destroy ISIS ; ramp up counterterrorism efforts. For more:  
 Before he spoke with my good friend talked 1-on-1 with   
Gov. Kasich is live with in the 
Gov. Kasich is at enjoying a Q;A with NH young professionals   
UPDATE: will be a guest on w/ at 1:35PM EST - Tune in! 
Tune in to at 1:15pm TODAY to watch Gov. Kasich on the with
Relationships with our allies are critical to all we do. We must strengthen them and repair those that are damaged.

Bullets win battles, but ideas win wars. We must win the war of ideas.
Don't miss Gov. Kasich on the with at 6! 
Gov. national security speech at is all over the news. Check out coverage here: 
Tune in to to watch Gov. Kasich on the with at 6pm tonight. 
Gov. Kasich on cybersecurity today at  
Sen. filed list of state delegates and alternates at the NH statehouse.  
Leadership means pushing back against the aggression of bullies like Moscow and Beijing. 
The federal govt is losing on the cyber battlefield. It's a critical battle space that we MUST dominate. 
 2016 News on - at State House to file  delegate list for   
  We should build what we need based on the threat that we have. 
  I'm running for president because I believe I'm qualified to lead and to govern in a challenging time. 
LIVE: Watch Gov. speak on nat'l security at  
Gov. is getting ready to deliver a speech on nat'l security at at 12:30.  Watch here: 
 Gov. is getting ready to deliver a speech on nat'l security at at 12:30:  Watch here: 
 Join us as we live-tweet discussion on national security at CFR. Follow along with  beginning at 12:30pm…
 Gov. will discuss his plan to make America safer and defeat ISIS w/ at 12:30pm today. Tune-in: 
 Fmr Sen today will file delegates at NH SOS office. Here they are:    
 Don't miss it! speaks to  tomorrow.   
 Join us at 12:30pm ET for discussion on foreign policy ; our live tweets:  
Gov. will discuss America’s Nat’l Security w/ at 12:30pm EST today -  Watch at: 
 Today we welcome to discuss foreign policy. Watch LIVE at 12:30 pm ET:   
 John E. Sununu to file list of delegates Wednesday at NH Statehouse.
 Americans need a President who will unite us, not divide us. Agree? Sign: 
Grateful for the dedicated young volunteers who made the event possible today!   
 Questions begin as joins for this event in  
Gov. Kasich is talking about fixing our broken immigration system with @ the in SC.  
Gov is live at the South Carolina event right now w/  Watch: 
 LIVE on  CLP Forums: Gov. John Kasich  
America needs a leader that will unite us, not divide us -Sign if you agree  
We need a leader that will unite us, not divide us - Sign if you agree  
Gov. on Sunday - It's time for a President who will unite us, not divide us.
We said it 2 weeks ago ; we'll say it again, rhetoric is dangerous and bad for America. -Staff

Former State Rep. Jim Zimmerman files Gov. Kasich's ppwk for Kentucky ballot. Many thanks to Kentucky volunteers! 
Today we honor the bravery ; sacrifice at  Our troops deserve a Comm-in-Chief rdy to lead:
Read more from on   
STATEMENT: Gov. Response to President Obama’s National Remarks on Terrorism 
Let us remember the lesson of Hanukkah. Light defeats darkness. It's up to us to live a life bigger than ourselves. Chag Sameach. -John
 Exec Director Bryan Smith accepts Gov. Kasich's ppwk to get on the ballot in Utah. Great work, team! 
Learn more about Nat'l Security plan to make America safer ; defeat ISIS  
 Tune in to  today for an exclusive interview with on ISIS, 2016, and more. 
Gov. is live on NOW - tune in! 
Gov will be a guest on on Sunday around 9:20AM EST - Tune in!  
 More than 150 in New London to hear talk about balancing budget ; importance of experience  
Packed house at in New London, NH as Gov. Kasich lays out his plan to lead a coalition against ISIS. 
Gov. Kasich enjoying time with folks of all ages in Claremont, NH today.   
Gov. Kasich is on the ballot in AZ, ID, LA, TN, ; DC. Great work, state teams!  
Great audience engagement at today's town hall in Momentum is building.  
In 1991 the U.S. led a coalition to drive Saddam out of Kuwait. It's time to do it again to defeat ISIS. 
Tune in now! is on talking about how we can make America safer ; stronger.
Tune in at 9:40AM EST this morning to see​ on​ w/ ; 
Gov. Kasich sharing his vision for a stronger ; safer America at a town hall in Salem, NH tonight.   
ISIS is out to destroy our very way of life. The next President must lead a coalition to destroy them on the ground.
Gov. Kasich is live in the DC Studio for a town hall with 
America needs a leader who's battle-tested and cool-headed in times of crisis. Gov. Kasich is that leader. 
  "The last time I checked no Republican has been elected president without winning Ohio." 
Gov. Kasich advocates for defeat of ISIS at  "We have to lead because when America leads, people follow." 
Gov. Kasich is on stage NOW at the  Watch live: 
Gov. Kasich is getting ready to speak at the Republican Jewish Coalition forum at 11:15. Watch live here:  
My thoughts ; prayers go out to those impacted by the shooting in San Bernardino, especially the first responders. -John
Proud of doing great things for children in need. 
60 years ago one person, Rosa Parks, changed the world. I pray America can have her courage to keep moving forward. -John
The contest ends tmrw! Win a trip to the Las Vegas  on Dec. 15 - Enter at:  
Is worthy of the same job as Washington, Lincoln and Reagan?
 was in IA today for a Town Hall with voters at  Learn more  
How can insults ; anger make him worthy of the same job as Washington, Lincoln and Reagan?
Don't miss today's  sale! Use the code: KASICH2016 for 25% off t-shirts! Visit:  
Win a trip for you and a guest to the Las Vegas  
Take a moment to visit our site and learn more abt plan to maker America safer ; stronger: 
 I'll talk to Republican presidential candidate today on
Tune in NOW! Gov. is on
Gov. will be a guest on at 9:25AM EST Sunday - Tune in! 
Senseless violence has brought tragedy to Colorado Springs. I pray for the families in mourning and have hope our nation can heal. -John
Here’s a first look at our new TV ad that’ll begin airing tonight, “Defending Our Way of Life” - Watch it here.
Our little contribution to the greatest rivalry in sports. Beat ❌ichigan!  -John 
Use the code: "FRIDAY" on our store today for a  15% off discount!   
As you gather with your loved ones on this special day, my family and I wish you a very happy and safe Thanksgiving. -John
In case you missed it: (op-ed) We Need Boots on the Ground to Defeat ISIS 
We're officially on the ballot in Idaho! Thx ;  
Chip in $10 to automatically enter! 2 tix to the Dec. 15th  started here:  
Release: Kasich Campaign Names Veteran Nevada Political Strategist Zachary Moyle  as State Director 
 rhetoric is dangerous and bad for America
Mr. President, let's make this easy. The answer is "yes". It's time to join France and crush ISIS. -John 
Vietnam POW Col. Tom Moe:   “sows hate ; discord” “enough is enough"
A bully never expects anyone to fight back. And tonight you saw what happens when we did. See you on the trail, Mr. Trump.
"It’s not the American way” US Army Veteran Jim Brady on Trump’s call to make Muslims register with fed govt
 “sows hate ; discord” according to Vietnam POW Col. Tom Moe, “enough is enough"
Vietnam POW and US Col Tom Moe on insults to POWs: 
 says “makes light of threat Russia poses”
‘Profoundly unprepared”—how Gulf War vet Jim Brady describes fitness to lead U.S. military: 
Vietnam POW Col. Tom Moe calls out the danger of Donald Trump’s effort to silence dissent.
US Army Veteran Jim Brady on call to make Muslims register with fed govt. 
In case you missed it, here's the video: Ohio Veterans Speak out Against 
ICYMI: Freedom matters. We must stand up for Ukraine ; stand up to Putin.  We know won’t.
LIVE on  Ohio Military Vets Discuss Nat'l Security Prior to Trump's Speech  
 does...does not...and does want a federal government religious database. 
  interview w/ me ; on ISIS, Trump, pizza, James Bond ; if he will stop negative Super PAC ads. 
Ohio Political Leaders to This is Country.  
Ohio Political Leaders to This is Country.  
Ohio Political Leaders to This is Country.  
Ohio Political Leaders to This is Country:  
It takes an experienced, level-headed executive to be President. 
Gov. will be a guest on Sunday with - Find your listing  
Thank you for your support! Sign up for updates today!  
Well done  supporters at 
Freedom matters. We must stand up for Ukraine ; stand up to Putin.  We know won’t. 
Read more about National Security Plan to make America safer ; stronger  
Ohioans have created 378,500 jobs in time as Governor.    
Under leadership, 36,300 New Jobs in October: the most for OH in 1 month since 1998.  
Gov. will be on with at 10PM EST tonight - Listen to his plans to make America safer ; stronger 
 → fmr. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and join on Sunday's Meet The Press!   
 WATCH LIVE: joins  to chat with and  
 2nite on WADR: live in-studio to talk foreign pol, Trump+more. Watch live 5ET  
 was in N.H. today for a Town Hall ; also walked around Nashua to visit with voters.   
Tune in to at 5:20PM ; 5:30PM EST to watch chat with ; 
Freedom matters. We must stand up for Ukraine ; stand up to Putin.  sure won’t…
 will be a guest on tonight at 10PM EST with - Tune in!  
 THIS SUNDAY on with fmr Defense Sec. Leon Panetta ; join the show  
 forced to retreat after takes on his "religious registration" plan.  
 About to sit down for an interview with in Nashua, NH!  
 statement on call for forced religious-based registration with the federal gov't 
 REPO: Ohioans have created 378,300 jobs since took office. Total priv. sect jobs now 43k+ over pre-recession …
FACT: doesn’t support NATO membership for Ukraine 
 “We made a terrible mistake getting involved there…” 10/6 “Ive never said we made a mistake going into Afghanistan” CNN 10/20
FACT: When asked who is best qualified to make an Iran deal? “I think Hillary would do a good job”
We need an executive who's been tried, tested -- and successful.  
 thinks Ukraine should stay out of NATO. DT❤️VP
 likes Putin in Syria, where he threatens Turkey, Israel and the E. Medit.  
 “So you wouldn't allow Ukraine into NATO?” “I would not care that much to be honest with you.” MTP 8/17/15
 wants to make Ukraine a slave to Russia again. No way. 
Pro-Russian Crimean separatist mayor of Yalta praising  “…we like you as an extraordinary person.” 10/8/15
The pro-Putin, anti-Ukraine mayor of Yalta loves the fact that hates Ukraine so much.
 “I really understand what’s going on in Syria...Why are we knocking ISIS?” 9/28  
 wants to bomb Iraq’s oil fields. Hullo $5 gas…
Trump: “We made a terrible mistake getting involved there…” 10/6 “I’ve never said we made a mistake going into Afghanistan” 10/20
 thinks fighting OBL in Afghanistan was a mistake, oh wait, he flip-flopped…
 “Who is best qualified to make Iran deal?”  “I think Hillary would do a good job” 9/24/07
 thinks would be terrific negotiating a nuclear deal with Iran. Huh? 
Gov. has a National Security Plan to make America safer and stronger. Learn more ; join  - 
 is on right now! Tune in to hear about his plans to make America safer ; stronger  
Gov will be on tonight at 8:30PM EST - Tune in!  
 1st called for a coalition with boots on the ground to wipe out ISIS in February. Experience matters.
Gov. was in SC today for a Town Hall at Spoke abt how to make America safer ; stronger 
While in S.C. for some Town Hall events, had lunch at the ; stopped by 
Tune in to at 1:45PM EST - will be on with 
👉   
It's about time, 
It was great to be with you. Thanks! 
  signs off on the paperwork needed to get on the Va primary ballot. has a live report @ 6 
Read op-ed in "We Need Boots on the Ground to Defeat ISIS" 
Our NH team is operating at full speed. Check out the full list of team leaders here:  
Gov. Kasich at pres candidate forum with sharing plans to make U.S. safer ; stronger. 
Support continues to build in SC as State Rep Jeffrey Bradley endorses Gov. Kasich:  
75 Days to go until the Iowa Caucuses! Join our team and sign up to get involved!   
 officially the 2nd to file for the GOP primary ballot in Virginia!  
 LIVE: will be on the campus of today with Pat Robertson WATCH NOW HERE:  
 LIVE EVENT: will be on the campus today at 1:30P. Click here to watch:  
Learn more about Nat’l Security Plan that will make America safer ; defeat ISIS   
Gov. Kasich spoke today about the fight against terrorism and what we must to do to ensure victory. (5/5) 
Gov. Kasich spoke today about the fight against terrorism and what we must to do to ensure victory. (4/5) 
Gov. Kasich spoke today about the fight against terrorism and what we must to do to ensure victory. (3/5) 
Gov. Kasich spoke today about the fight against terrorism and what we must to do to ensure victory. (2/5) 
Gov. Kasich spoke today about the fight against terrorism and what we must to do to ensure victory. (1/5) 
Gov. is live on right now - tune in! 
Gov. will be on at 7:20PM EST - Tune in! 
Big thx to for everything he brought to this important race. Hope he continues to be a part of the national discussion. -John
TUNE IN: will be on with at 7:20PM EST - Talking Nat'l Security Plan ; Defeating ISIS 
Learn more about plans to make America safer ; defeat ISIS 
 Preparing to sit down one-on-one with Taking your suggested Q's now. 
 Watch speak on National Security now:  
 WATCH: speaks at  – LIVE online here:   
Tune in to watch Gov Kasich unveil his plan to defeat ISIS and keep America safe. Learn more  
Tune in to  at Noon EST to watch announce a National Security Plan to make America safer ; destroy ISIS
Have you seen our new ad? Watch it and tune in to  at noon EST to learn more from
America needs an experienced ; steady hand in the battle against terrorism. America needs
Gov. Kasich says NO to new Syrian refugees in Ohio. 
The security of Americans must come first. 
We must join NATO ; regional allies on the ground to wipe out ISIS. We can’t wait any longer. -John
It’s shocking the President doesn’t realize his policies on terror ; ISIS are failing. We need to act now. -John
 will be live on w/ at 10AM EST and w/ at 10:15AM 
Good to hear and have joined my call for NATO to invoke Article 5. It's time to end ISIS. -John
 Gov. : We can't keep waiting to act on  |  
Gov is live on right now! Read more about his proposal to work w/ our allies to destroy ISIS 
Gov. will be on in just a few minutes to join on - Tune in!
Tune in! will be on with at 10AM EST Sunday  
 advisors have said over and over that they're worried about facing in 2016 
We need an executive who's been tried, tested -- and successful.   
Gov has a plan to get money, power ; influence out of Washington and back to the American ppl  
No active Governor has cut taxes more than Gov. John Kasich. Lower taxes work. 
Last week, Gov. Kasich talked about the absolute importance of destroying ISIS. 
Paris was a wake-up call. Enough is enough -- it's time to act.   
 has nearly two decades of national security policy experience. It's time to get serious, America. 
 has consistently failed to understand the depth of the ISIS threat. We need leadership. 
President Obama's failure to lead has empowered our enemies. is ready to fight back.  
No candidate for President is more ready to lead in the fight to defeat terrorism than 
 has a comprehensive plan to strengthen national security. Read about it here:  
 has a plan for victory over ISIS. Learn all about it here: 
Watch Gov. full remarks from today's Sunshine Summit  
Tune in to now to watch speak live at the Sunshine Summit 
U.S. should Immediately Work with Allies to Destroy ISIS  
We can't wait any longer.  ISIS must be wiped out.  
A Prayer to the Lord for France:   
Our prayers go out for the people of Paris tonight. -John
Former CO Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell says Kasich would be ideal president.  
 GOP candidate talks ISIS, education, climate change, faith ; more in this hour-long forum. Listen: 
Gov. Kasich stops by to talk balanced budget, strong national defense, ; everything in between.  
 talking yoga + budget balancing with seniors in Exeter, NH.    
 Laura Knoy and sitting down to talk with for a forum to air on  
 You can watch our conversation with right now, live on  
It's a packed house at for Gov. Kasich's 2nd town hall of the day! Thanks for your support. 
Gov. Kasich engages w/ voters in today, shares plan to balance fed. budget by end of 2nd term  
Thank you for a great  event yesterday! 
There's one Republican candidate who Hillary Clinton's advisors are most worried about facing...
Learn more about plan to balance the fed budget ; return money, power ; influence to the American ppl 
Tune in NOW - is on with 
America deserves an executive that's been tried ; tested -- and successful.  
Gov. will be a guest on with tonight at 10:20PM EST - Tune in!  
Awesome turnout in SC for the  event w/ - Join our team  
Gov will be on with at 4:30PM EST - Tune in!   
No More On-the-Job Training. Learn more about the  plan  
My thoughts and prayers are with the family members of those involved in this tragic plane crash in Akron. -John 
On  we salute the brave men ; women who have put themselves in harm's way to preserve our freedom.-John 
 is live on NOW - tune in! 
On the job training doesn't work. America needs experienced, successful leadership. 
 Who carried the majority of tonight's  conversation? then ; 
  "The conservative message... is about sending power, money, ; influence back to where we live." 
  "The conservative movement is all about opportunity. It is about lower taxes, it's about balanced budgets." 
 is ready to hit the ground running and be the President America needs.  
 John Kasich mentioned more than any other candidate on social media during the first hour 
John Kasich is the conservative leader America needs, ready to lead from Day 1.   
  making case for ideas-led campaign against ; Gave smart global tour of challenges…
There's no doubt John Kasich has the experience to hit the ground running and keep our nation safe. 
Real threats require real experience and real strategies. Gov. Kasich was ready on Syria:  
 has more nat. sec. experience than anyone on the  stage tonight. 18 yrs on Armed Svcs Cmte. 
 Through the first hour of the  was mentioned more than any other candidate on social media: 
Our nation's debt continues to spin out of control. It's time to get serious.   
Vote now! Which fleece is your favorite?     
Want economic growth? John Kasich has made it happen.  
Giving a free  Tumbler - random from the first 250 s! Go!  
"This guy" has a plan to balance our nation's budget -- again. Read all about it:   
"This guy" cut taxes for Ohioans by $5 billion. Today, those same Ohioans have created 350k new jobs.  
"This man" led the fight to balance four federal budgets.  
Again, Mr. Trump? You were already called out once: 
Bill Clinton signed it. ; congressional Republicans wrote it.  
Who does fear the most in 2016? Her own advisors say
 and looked at spending record. Here's what they found.  
Want numbers? We've got numbers. John Kasich is ready to balance America's budget.  
John Kasich's plan would cut taxes for every American, grow the economy and balance the budget. Read about it here: 
In the weakest post-war economic recovery in history, it's time for a leader with results.   
 campaign mgr congratulates our debate contest winners, Mike ; Gail from NH   
Before tonight's  read up on plan to balance America's budget  -- again. 
America needs a leader who can hit the ground running. Show your support for 
Sign our petition and send a message to -- Republicans aren't the enemy. 
Tune in to watch at the  tonight at 9PM EST! Watch on or  
 on today's  walkthrough - Tune in tonight at 9PM EST!  
 Armey, Humphrey: Kasich Is the Real Reagan Heir 
Think I have the ready to play the tonight. -John 
  hitting his rhythm! Practice with the Milwaukee Bucks before the big  tonight. 
 Presidential canidate warming up for the GOP debate here in Milwaukee tonight! 
 Debate warm-up: and Milwaukee shoot hoops. See video: 
Tune in now to watch shooting around with the Milwaukee   
Be sure to follow on snapchat! He'll be live with the Milwaukee here shortly! User: John Kasich 
Who is Hillary Clinton most worried about facing in 2016?
Looking forward to it! 
Thanks Chicago for a fun debate sendoff at Tune in to at 9EST tomorrow! 
 Cheez-burgers and Pres candidates at Chicago's Billy Goat  
Our campaign is continuing to grow every day! Chip in today to show your support!  
Sign up to volunteer in your community today!   
Learn more about plan to balance the federal budget and return money, power ; influence to Americans 
Tune in to right now! is on with   
 Tonight on  and Guess which one is a presidential candidate.
Gov. will be on TONIGHT with - Tune in to at 11:30PM EST 
Tune in tonight! will be on with  
 filed this morning for the New Hampshire GOP Primary Ballot!   
 WATCH LIVE: is filing for the NH Primary:    
 Tom Rath, the Scammans, Peter Thomson, Ed DuPont, Ruth Griffin, Dave Boutin standing w/ for NH primary filing (so fa…
Another great day in N.H.! spoke at ; a Balanced Budget For Us Town Hall at  
Thanks for hosting! See you next time.   
 "Leadership is the willingness to walk a lonely road."  to students.   
Loving New Hampshire. -John 
  meets with  Rotarians at the Ports. CC.   htt…
Senior NH legislator Robert Rowe has a good reason for switching his endorsement to   
Tune in online now! is live with on the  in NH 
 About to interview LIVE on his campaign bus as we roll through  Tune in! &gt; 
The  Tour continues this week in New Hampshire!   
Tune in Friday! will be on with  
America must stand by allies like Ukraine and the Baltic nations, as well as join a coalition to defeat ISIS
Kasich Campaign Brings Aboard Veteran N.H. Political Strategist Andy Leach -   Read more: 
We must strengthen ; expand our allied relationships to defeat ISIS
Ohio has real heroes on our Highway Patrol. Incredible video from the -John 
The Russian airliner explosion shows we can’t waver in the fight against ISIS
 was in Clinton, Mississippi today. Great visit with College Republicans!  
Tune in! Gov. is on now! 
 Set-up for Presidential hopeful who is about to speak at MC. Live stream at  
Congrats on your win! 
Glad to have and Delegates Roger Hanshaw ; Matt Rohrbach on  
Really proud of the incredible team at the led by Strong victories all across Ohio last night. -John
Congrats on your re-elect as Mississippi’s Lt. Governor and ; on your key House wins!
Congrats BG's Richard Edwards, Mansfield’s Tim Theaker, Reynoldsburg’s Brad McCloud,Hillsboro’s Drew Hastings ; Dover’s Richard Homrighausen
Chairman ; the are working hard to 
Some big wins in Ohio tonight! Congrats to Fremont’s new GOP Mayor Danny Sanchez ; Jeff Hall’s re-elect in Newark.
Another victory for good, conservative governing. Congrats to  on your re-election! -John
Congrats to on the huge win tonight in KY. Great job by as they add to the ranks of Republican governors. -John
Proud Ohioans voted no on Issue 3 and instead chose a path that helps strengthen our families and communities. -John
Just about 2.5 hours left! Chip in $10+ to automatically be entered for a chance to win!  
Great seeing you! Thank you 
Thanks! 
 Enjoyed the opportunity to welcome to Mobile, along with and 
A big win tonight in the Manchester Mayor race for Congratulations! -John
 filed for the Alabama GOP primary ballot! Thx to and our Alabama Team! 
 "we need to recommit to our families, know our neighbors to renew the spirit of the US."  
Gov. was in Dubuque, IA today for another town hall with voters   
The time for business as usual is over. Learn how we'll eliminate waste ; send power back to the states. 
Our great  volunteers in Virginia today collecting signatures to get on the GOP ballot 
Ohioans: Here's a link to find your polling location to vote today or view a sample ballot. Polls close at 7:30PM!
Don't miss your chance!  
 volunteers are working in more than 100 VA precincts today     
Another great  event today! was in Des Moines for a Town Hall -Sign up:  
 Full house for in des Moines Iowa this afternoon 
Proud to have Arkansas State Rep. on  
  town hall is about to begin in Iowa.  
We are 99 days from the New Hampshire GOP primary! Join the team today    
Business as usual is over. Let's dismantle the hopelessly broken Commerce Department.  
 unveils further details of strategy to dismantle the Washington bureaucracy  
Less than 48 hours left! Support with $10+ donation to be automatically entered!  
Fred Thompson was a good man. A Titan. Let's strive to work for a stronger America as he did -- relentlessly. Rest in peace, Senator. -John
Thank you for your support! 
Chip in $10+ to automatically enter - win tix for you ; 1 guest to the Nov. 10th   
Tonight looks at the drug problem we've been fighting for 5 years. Find out how you can help:  -John
  "The Republican Party has to make sure that people know that we care about them."  
Gov is on now - Tune in! 
 Tune in to  at 9am for exclusive interviews with ; 
Tune in at 9AM EST - will be on w/ 
  has an exclusive interview with tomorrow morning. Tune in at 9a and 12p ET. 
Abt 2 hours left in our Oct $$ deadline! Chip in $25+ to get a  lapel pin  
Thx for sharing the  🎃 pics! 
Thank you for your support! 
Be sure to sign up to volunteer also!  
Tune in Sunday - will be on at 9:00AM EST   
Learn about Gov. plan to balance the federal budget ; create jobs 
Tune in NOW! is on -  
Tune in to Saturday at 9AM EDT - will talk with
 will be a guest on tonight at 8PM EDT - Tune in!   
 Tune in to  on Sunday for an exclusive interview with on the debate, 2016, and more. 
Great to see my friend today 
 on the need for troops in Syria all the way back in February. Experience matters. 
 called for boots on the ground to combat ISIS in Feb. on
Read the  plan here ; sign the petition if you agree:  
Join  today and chip in to help with our October fundraising goal!  
Learn more about the  plan ; sign up to help us make America stronger 
HAPPENING NOW: is on with - Discussing  ; the  plan 
Gov. will be on with at 10:25 EDT - don't miss it! 
New web video: Debate Performance: Presidential   
Tune in tonight: will be on at 8PM EDT and on with at 10:25PM EDT 
Check out this great Iowa Leadership Team!   
Gov. will be a guest on shortly after 8PM EDT with - Tune in!  
Chip in $25 or more before the Sat deadline and receive a  lapel pin!   
Just had some special visitors to  HQ thanks to on   
The House is in good hands. Congratulations Speaker -John  
 will be on w/ soon after 10:30EDT ; at 10:50EDT - Tune In!  
 TUNE IN: and join us to discuss the  
TUNE IN: will be on w/ soon after 10:30EDT ; at 10:50EDT  
“The debate winner was Kasich… He was strong and unflustered and the most presidential.” 
  
After the debate, spoke w/ the media ; visited the  CO Debate Watch Party to thank volunteers 
 "Kasich had a good night ... he wants tax cuts and he's done that in Ohio."
 Things the candidates said tonight that were not true:Rubio on visasTrump on LehmanFiorina on women ; job loss
The spin room is in full effect.  
America deserves a President ready to unify us, create change and lead. Join the team: 
 The person people wanted to learn about in hour one? John (consults notes) Kasich, of The Midwest. 
  awards points to after  for pro-growth policies and balanced budget priority 
Donald Trump is proud of the length of the debate. John Kasich is proud of balancing our nation's budget. 
John Kasich shows you HOW he's going to balance the budget. Learn more:   
Getting Medicaid’s unsustainable growth rates under control requires giving states more freedom to innovate and increase efficiency.
 Early thoughts: Mission accomplished for Kasich. CNBC moderators took the bait he left Tuesday and he dominated the debate…
It's not just talk. John Kasich has made a real difference to improve college affordability in Ohio.  
"Republican leaders ought to follow Kasich’s lead and explore federalism reforms." 
Facts matter. 
You're right, Mr. Trump. You may be the only one who has created "tens of thousands of jobs." John Kasich? 350,000 
John Kasich has a plan. One that will work for America and balance the budget. No other candidate can say the same. 
John Kasich is taking the lead to fight opiate abuse in Ohio. Just this week.... 
Let's get serious about a balanced budget amndmt. John Kasich has fought for it his entire career.  
You can't argue with the results. 350,000 new private sector jobs in Ohio under Gov. Kasich.  
Does John Kasich have what it takes to oversee a $17 trillion economy? He's done it before.  
 Fact Check: Donald Trump wrong in blaming John Kasich for Lehman’s woes.  via 
This week signed the ATR pledge to oppose tax increases as President.  
Cutting taxes? Done that.  
 interesting, it looks like leads search interest over the past hour of the debate 
When will Donald Trump remember being President isn't about ratings, it's about leadership...  
John Kasich is the ONLY candidate with a plan that WILL balance the budget. Read it here:  
Facts matter.   
America deserves a President who can take on the serious challenges facing our nation.  
Real leadership matters. Sign here if you agree.  
....and then there's this, Mr. Trump.  
Here's John Kasich's real record, Mr. Trump.  
Sorry, Mr. Carson, the math on your tax plan just doesn't add up.  
Enough is enough. Our nation deserves a leader who will take this job seriously.  
Ready? We are.
 Ready for tonight's Debate Watch Party.  
If you're not following on you're missing out.  
It doesn't get much bigger than Tom Rath in NH. Blessed to have him in my corner at the  -John  
A few behind the scenes pics with at the  walkthrough, green room ; some warm up 
If anyone is getting bored in their green room today, you can come to mine and play some HORSE. -John 
It's time - give us a follow!  
Leading the most powerful nation the world has ever seen is a sacred trust - not a reality TV show. 
It can happen again -John  
Today we announced our Colorado Leadership Team!   Read more: 
Today Gov. signed the Taxpayer Protection Pledge  
Job creation takes tax cuts. I cut taxes $5 billion as Gov ; OH created ~350K jobs. We need to do it for the US too ; I will. -John
Our GOP Debate sendoff rally in OH today as heads to Colorado! Watch Weds 8PM EDT  
We're very excited to announce our Ohio Leadership Team - Learn more and sign up to endorse Gov. Kasich in Ohio! 
Happening Now: GOP Debate Sendoff Rally in Ohio -  
You don't create jobs through bombast 
  “You don’t produce jobs through bombast... We were able to get because we've got a great workforce.” 
  "You don't produce jobs through bombast or any kind of stuff like that...we've taken Ohio from debt to surplus."…
Learn more about plan to balance the federal budget and restore power to Americans  
 will be on with in a few minutes! Tune in!!  
TUNE IN: Gov. will be on with at about 9:15PM EDT tonight!  
"Bombast" isn't what creates jobs. Sign our petition if you agree: 
We're excited to have former House Majority Leader Dick Armey on Team Kasich!  
Our country needs real leadership and not empty, false rhetoric.
Nope. Together OHIO brought Ford back from Mexico:  
 was in Manchester ; Milford, N.H. Friday for town hall events w/ voters   
READ: in the "Balancing the budget is a moral imperative"  
Don't get too comfortable Josh! Luckily there's another chair I'm aiming for. -John 
 goes OTR at 7pm from New Hampshire tonight where he is campaigning for President
Gov. will be a guest today on with - Tune in at the 7PM EDT hour   
I enjoyed meeting coach Brett Brown today. -John
Just getting warmed up. 3pts cc (don't delete this) Great young team 🏀 
Thank you for your support!!  
Another first! From John Kasich first to file for Alaska presidential preference poll  
[VIDEO] Gov. John Kasich Urges Congress to Override Veto of Defense Bill - Read more: 
 WATCH LIVE: holds a business town hall in Manchester, NH, at 10:30am ET:  
Excited to announce our Missouri team!  
In today's - "Balancing the budget is a moral imperative"  Read more: 
 "Be idealistic. Believe you can change the world. You can." - to student in NH on 
  Washington has come 'undone'  
 - Join the team today!  
Tune in tomorrow morning for the Town Hall from New Hampshire - 6AM, 7:30AM ; 8:30AM EDT  
Great discussion w/ the CR's today after filming the Town Hall in N.H. -John 
Read N.H. Sen. Gordon Humphrey's op-ed about  plan 
 taped a Town Hall in New Hampshire today. Tune in: Friday 6AM ET!   
When it comes to and agree....
 Watch our Town Hall with tomorrow!  
Proud to announce S.C. Sen. Raymond Cleary ; State Rep. Gary Clary are endorsing  
 Get ready for our Town Hall with this FRIDAY!  
Enough is enough-America needs a president rdy ; able to take on the biggest challenge facing our children's future.
 You ; your family are invited to an exciting Ohio Debate Sendoff Rally w/ and Ohio GOP leaders! RSVP at 
We're excited to announce our Pennsylvania Leadership Team!   
 is the ONLY candidate who's actually led the effort to balance the federal budget. We can do it again. 
Ohio  Team - Hope you can join us in Westerville next week! 
A serious voice in higher education talks about Gov. Kasich's efforts to improve college affordability in Ohio. 
 Breaking down plan for economic growth through a balanced budget and simplified tax code at 
The Kasich Action Plan sends the power back where our Founding Fathers intended--the states.  
Check out the latest  items on the store!  
Congrats to on regaining  Great to have him calling Ohio home. He works hard and it shows. -John 
 Action Plan can and will work for America. Learn all about it here:  
Nice try. Hope to see you in Glendale. -John 
Thank you for collecting signatures in VA today for to appear on the GOP ballot!  
Here's a recap from the  Tour ;  Kasich Action Plan   
Thanks for having me on! -John   
 will be on the via at 12:05PM EDT - Listen live here: 
 Former Sen. John Sununu discusses plan to improve the economy.  
Thanks for your support!  
 was on w/ to talk abt the Kasich Action Plan  
READ: "Washington is Obsolete"  
Join the team today!  
  on balancing the budget: “Know what people are saying? If anybody can do it, Kasich can do it b/c he’s done it be…
Tune into at 10:35PM EDT - will chat w/ about the Kasich Action Plan  
When government steps back, we can step forward. Learn how you can be a part of it. -John
Read column abt how to get money, power ; influence out of DC and back to Americans 
Thanks for hosting! It was a great event. 
It's time to get serious about balancing the budget. John Kasich's comprehensive plan:  
Enough is enough. The time is now for real solutions.  
 said lists are the best. We agree. See economic plan on   
Our new  bumper sticker is available on the  store!  
  has a new filter ad focusing on the national debt ... not quite as cheery as bacon. 
John Kasich just unveiled his plan to balance our nation's budget. Read all about it here:  
 The Kasich campaign purchases their 2nd Snapchat filter of the campaign season. Last one had bacon. This one, debt. 
  remarks in Nashua, New Hampshire – continues LIVE online here:   
 It's a new day and is using Snapchat in New Hampshire once again  
 WATCH LIVE: delivers his first policy speech of the campaign - now:  
.JohnKasich is LIVE on right now! Tune in to hear the Kasich Action Plan  
  remarks in Nashua, New Hampshire – LIVE on C-SPAN   
James Madison had it right. Watch LIVE:  10:30 EDT 
We have a filter running in N.H. today highlighting your $57K+ share of the runaway nat'l debt  
America deserves a real balanced budget. Watch LIVE:  10:30a EDT 
Via - John Kasich: Washington is obsolete  
 Tune in to at 10:30 a.m. to watch speak live and take questions from a student panel at NCC  
Tune in on at 10:30AM EDT - unveils the Kasich Action Plan - Learn more: 
(2 of 2) You'll also be able to find a live feed from at 
Tune in: at 10:30AM EDT today - Plan to Get Money, Power and Influence Out of Washington ; Back to Americans 
The  Tour continued today! Fadden's General Store, homemade maple syrup, Plymouth Town Hall ; more! 
Last night Hillary called every Republican her enemy. Americans deserve a lot better. 
Thank you for your support!  
Thanks! Be sure to sign up for updates:   
Our great IL Team (cont.) 
Excited to announce our IL Team! 
  had some fun when he stopped by Fadden's General Store in Woodstock, NH this morning 
  recaps  and talks with on today's  from on 
Glad that's over? Us too. On Thursday, it's time for real solutions.  
While  candidates can't hike taxes fast enough, it's that's returned tax dollars to the people. 
While Hillary Clinton charges colleges $275k per speech, delivers real ideas to cut college costs. 
A Town Hall in Bow ✅ a visit w/ voters at a Tilton diner ✅ a walking tour ; Town Hall in Littleton ✅  
It's all talk and no calls for action at the  demands a no-fly zone in Syria. 
Anderson Cooper makes a good point.  
 We were in Michigan yesterday! Please check our Michigan page for details about upcoming events: 
  Town Hall Meeting in Bow, New Hampshire – LIVE on C-SPAN   
Post a pic of yourself with the  in N.H. today with that hashtag ; we’ll send you some campaign gear! 
RSVP here!!   
In Grand Rapids, M.I. today, Gov. Kasich toured Lacks Enterprises, Inc. - Join our MI team at  
Gov is in Manchester, N.H. to speak at the Convention   
We're very excited to announce our National Leadership Team! Learn more:  
RSVP here:     
The  is in N.H. this week! Post a pic of yourself with it and we'll send you some free campaign gear! 
We'll be in New Hampshire next week to continue our  tour - Get the event details:   
 was on with last night - watch and sign up to get involved! 
Bus Tour Day 1 ✅ -  Stratham NH Town Hall ; Fall Dinner  
Thx for the  cookies! Join the team today!  
Gov. will be in Vermont this evening to attend the Fall Harvest Dinner. Looking fwd to it!  
 Less than an hour until we welcome to Vermont.   
 Post packed town hall in Stratham back on bus for 4 day tour in   
 is in N.H. today - Attending a Stratham Town Hall now ; don't miss the  
 was on w/ - Talked balancing budgets, creating jobs and getting America back on track.
  The longer we wait, the more difficult it will be to put the  on a sustainable path. 
 We're live on 99.1 broadcasting our Fiscal Friday forum with Ohio Governor on and 
Gov is in N.H. today and will attend the  event - is live at 11AM EDT 
Reminder: Gov. will be on with at 10PM EDT 
Gov. will be a guest on with tonight at 10PM EDT - Tune in!  
NEW POLL: Record high poll numbers for Ohioans know him best. And they know he works.  
Excited to share that is endorsing Gov for President! Joining  
Today is the 1st day to collect the signatures we'll need to get on the Illinois GOP ballot! Sign up to help at 
Coming soon New Hampshire!     
What are Clinton campaign advisors worried about? Facing an OH Gov with a 62% approval 
We opened our Manchester, NH HQ last week! Sign up to get involved   
Tune in! Gov. will be on tomorrow at 8AM EDT  
Thanks for your support!  
Jay was not impressed that I own a Toyota Avalon -John  
 Governor gives us his view on all of the issues this morning on  
REMINDER: Gov. will be a guest on ABC's today! Tune in at 11AM EDT 
Gov. will be on Wednesday morning at 11:00AM EDT - Tune in!  
Update: Gov is on with now! Tune in 
Tune in at 1:30PM EDT TODAY - Gov. will be on with
 Governor gives us his view on all of the issues tomorrow on  
  remarks to U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce  – LIVE online here:  
 I'll speak live w/ Ohio Gov during 1PM ET hour. We'll discuss his quest for GOP presidential nomination. 
You can also tune in to watch the Q;A at 11:30AM EDT online at: 
Gov will participate in a Q;A w/ the ; at 11:30AM EDT - Watch live online at 
Had a great time! Thank you 
Standing room only for our Richmond, VA town hall today!  
 EXCLUSIVE: Returning to hometown: On Syria, underdog role ; criticism he's "prickly." Today 5p htt…
Glad to have on Team Kasich!  
Excited to announce our Virginia leadership team, including Cong. Tom Davis  Read more: 
Standing room only crowd at our  event in Richmond, VA! 
 Crowded room full of students ; voters for town hall meeting. 
 Full house at for a town hall. Looks like over 300 people. Lots of students. 
We're looking forward to our town hall event in Richmond here shortly! See you there!!  
Great to have former N.H. Senator Gordon Humphrey and political leader Peter Thomson on the team! 
  firing up over 350 activists tonight in Manchester.   
The Manchester, NH HQ is officially open! Sign up to get involved today!    
 LIVESTREAM: talks to live from New Hampshire  
Tune in NOW to watch a live interview with ; - from our Manchester, N.H. headquarters! 
 WADR 2nite: I followed in NH for a day in the life + an interview w the candidate. Watch live 5ET: 
Sanctuaries for civilians, no-fly zones ; a coalition to defeat ISIS: it's time for moral leadership on Syria -John
 In  opens up with voters in Candidate Cafe.    via
Happening Now: Gov. in Goffstown, NH answering Q's at a Town Hall w/ voters   
  picks up  endorsements from frmr Sen. Gordon Humphrey and Peter Thomson
 Former U.S. Sen. Gordon Humphrey endorses in Concord, NH, this morning 
Excited to announce that conservative stalwart ; former NH Sen. Gordon Humphrey is endorsing Gov.  
 We will be live streaming news conference in New Hampshire on  
 2016 News on getting endorsed in a few minutes by former US Sen Gordon Humphrey  
ICYMI: Kasich Calls for No-Fly Zone in Syria to Protect Civilians and Refugees 
 Jeb's oppo team's in OH now rifling thru my archives ; I'm sure they "lost" my copy.  Can u send another? 😀 -John
The thoughts and prayers of Ohioans go out to the families ; victims of the tragic shooting in Oregon today. -John
Looking fwd to attending the Q;A with on Oct 6th - Get the details here:  -John
We have about 90 minutes left before the fundraising deadline. Here's how you can chip in:   Thanks!
House of Hope is saving lives through faith. It was an honor to be there. -John 
We have a critical fundraising deadline at midnight! Pls consider chipping in:   
 Are you an insider or an outsider? I'm a conservative reformer - I want to shake things up ; bring change -OTR 
 "I think the country is hungry to be united," - in  One of the few messages of unity on the trail. htt…
 Trent Lott: "Kasich brings the whole package to the presidential campaign"  
Happening Now: Gov attends a Cedar Rapids Town Hall at   
 I am fundamentally a change agent says at Speaks abt how he shook things up in congress 
 Before and after: The office is ready for town hall meeting!  🇺🇸🌽 
Great turnout at the event in Davenport, IA today! Gov. Kasich spoke abt his vision for a stronger America 
Seen our latest web video? Consider chipping in to help before midnight!  
With your help we can keep up our  Chip in before the midnight deadline  
 We are prepping for today's  forum with at with the 
We have a big fundraising deadline tonight at midnight! Pls consider chipping in to help continue our  
 Great to meet with last night as he swings through Chicago. Truly a record of accomplishment!  
Loved spending time with you. Let's do it again sometime! -John 
Thanks for your support!  
Glad to have you, ; Dan Cronin on the team! 
 Great to meet with and colleagues this afternoon for a quality conversation about  
Stopped by in Chicago. No ketchup ✅ Chicago style ✅ -John 
Chip in $35+ today to help with our Sept. fundraising deadline and we'll send you one!  
We'll get one out to you ASAP! Thank you for your support.  
For  - Chip in $35+ today ; get a complimentary  coffee mug!  
We have an important fundraising deadline tomorrow. You can chip in while in 
It's going to be a great event! Public can RSVP at  
We're just 2 days away from a critical fundraising deadline. Chip in to help us keep up our  
We need to shake up Washington and deliver results. has proven he can do it. 
America needs more than TALK. We need RESULTS. John Kasich delivers for us  
 speaking to a crowd of approx 200+ in Council Bluffs   
Happening Now: Gov. is in Sioux City, IA to speak at the Nat'l Security forum 
 Join us at 10a central via periscope at for nat'l security forum w. live from in Sioux…
Gov. shares his msg about how we can make America stronger ; more safe at the Hilton Head town hall 
Great event w/ ; the S.C. African American Chamber of Commerce in Charleston today! 
Gov. speaks about how to make America stronger and more secure at the historic Citadel in Charleston 
Another first! Gov. is the first to file for the caucus! 
Gov. has a record of job growth ; balanced budgets. Join the team today: 
Let's do it again sometime. You guys were great! -John 
Excited to announce our Mississippi leadership team!  
The Iran deal is a bad deal. It must be stopped.
TUNE IN - Gov. will be on ​with tonight at about 10:30PM EDT 
 talks about what makes and his message so special.
1st GOP debate: Cleveland1st General Election Debate: DaytonGOP Convention: ClevelandAnyone else sensing a trend? Congrats
Did you see Gov. appearance on w/   
Did you hear the news about our Massachusetts  Co-Chairs announced today? 
Excited to announce that is endorsing Gov. for President! 
Very proud to have Col. Ward Scott on the team!   
Sign up today. With your help, we can win and make America stronger.  
Hey thanks for the offer.  You can chip in right here:
Still up? What's another 90 minutes? Watch Gov. tonight at 12:35a on w 
 TONIGHT! Seth chats with and Gov. Plus, music from  
Bouncing some jokes off for tonight. He read my mind. 😄  -John cc: 
Anyone surprised? Didn't think so. America needs the Keystone Pipeline and the jobs that come with it. -John 
Welcome, We pray your visit will refocus Americans on the power of faith and the strength of spiritual healing.  -John
Looking forward to seeing ; for tonight's -John
Gov. will also be on with for "Your World with Neil Cavuto" today at 4PM EDT. 
Gov. John Kasich will be on w/ tonight! Tune in and help us share!  
We need a reformer to deliver change. Gov. John Kasich has done it before and with your help, we can do it again.
Our team had a great weekend in Michigan for the  event. Here's a recap.  
Make no mistake, a strong leader like has a bright future ; is a model for other governors. Good luck, Scott! -John
Glad to have Michigan's House Speaker Pro Tempore on the team! Thx for your support 
Told you I was having fun on the campaign trail. -John 
The Iran deal is a bad deal. It's time to use the nuclear option to make sure it's stopped. -John
Absolutely. The Iran Deal must be stopped. -John 
The U.S. Senate should use "nuclear option" to pass bill against dangerous Iran nuclear deal - 
 I had the honor of introducing today at the  
Gov. will be on on Sunday with - Watch at 9AM ; Noon EDT 
Very proud to have Sen. on the team!     
  just gave his full support to Big endorsement from Michigan's Senate majority leader.
Check out the line to get into our  event today in Michigan! Join the team today  
 I had a chance to chat with today. He reinvented Ohio like we have in MI. He'll be a great President. 
Thanks for your support! 
 A very crowded house - and getting more crowded - for event at Cawthorne Village Inn on Mackinac. 
  speaking during lunch today at  Leadership conference  
 speaking to at the 
There will be plenty more! Check back soon. Thx for sharing.  to sign up and get involved! 
Tune in shortly for Gov. remarks at the  event on Mackinac!  
Shout out to - Thx for your help last week! Let’s win!   
Tune in Sunday - Gov. will be on with - Check your local listing for time 
 Packed house at Jockey Club for Oakland County GOP senators' reception with   
Looking forward to seeing  attendees at our  event today! See you there! 
 THIS SUNDAY Chuck talks with Republican presidential candidates ;   
 Joining w this Sunday: ; - tune in!    
Our  team is fired up for  in MI tomorrow! See you there! 
Enough is enough. Americans deserve a president who can move America ahead and get the job done. 
Looking fwd to  Mackinac events! Thx  volunteers!  
 Just ran smack into in  a hotel lobby in L.A. Nice as could be. Could have talked politics with him for hours 
 Forces for heading to mackinac. 
 Presidential Candidate joins at 11:50 
Gov. showed in the  that he is ready to lead America. Pls help us share this video! 
Tune in tonight! Gov. will be on at 8:20PM EDT - Pls   
Glad to have on board - let's win!   
From - Gov. is the 1st presidential candidate to file for the Kansas GOP caucus  
 It was great to watch get to the issues last night from the spin room 
 - Thanks for being first to file for the Kansas Caucus.  KS GOP Voters-check out  
Proud to announce that former N.H. Senate Pres. Ed Dupont is endorsing Gov.   
Gov. John Kasich showed America that he is ready to lead - Learn more ; join the team today! 
Americans deserve strong leadership ready to drive our nation ahead.   
Let's revive the concept of citizenship where everybody's actions make a huge difference in changing the world.
John Kasich stands out as the responsible and experienced leader America needs.   
Team  - Chip in $5 or more via  to help us keep up our momentum! 
The challenges facing us are great. America needs a leader who knows how to bring people together to solve them. 
This is leadership.   
Big thanks to a group of our supporters in NH mobilizing for a debate watch party in Manchester.    
ON ISIS: It's time to wake up. It's time to call ISIS out for what they are -- murderers and rapists. 
  
Want to make sure Hillary doesn't win Ohio, the ultimate swing state?  
Americans want a President able to lead from Day One. John Kasich is ready.  
Giving 5 free  bumper stickers away - random from the first 250 s! GO!!  
No one has more experience at balancing budgets than Nobody.    
Gov. Kasich has balanced the budget before and he can get it done again.   
Before John Kasich, Ohio was 48th in job creation. Today, Ohio is a top ten state.   
Liberals are again attacking for defending the sanctity of life. He'll never back down.  
Gov. Kasich has the national security experience America needs. 18 years on the Armed Services Committee.  
No governor in Ohio history has done more to preserve the sanctity of life than   
All life matters, and John Kasich has made its preservation a priority in Ohio.   
John Kasich has national security experience America needs. Learn about his priorities here:  
Giving a free  hat away - random from the first 250 s! GO!!   
  "I think it's important we get to the issues 'cause that's what the people want." 
This is what leadership looks like. 
Kasich on the Iran Deal: "It's a bad agreement and I never would have done it." 
 is the grown up in the room.    
 
Want to talk balanced budgets?Gov. Kasich is the only candidate on stage who balanced both a federal ; state budget 
Check out our new online donation giving option - Show your support today!   
 Only one leader on stage has played role in balanced federal budget and cut taxes $5B in his home state htt…
Show your support with the latest  gear!    
 Gov. Kasich is on record supporting a stronger Navy. Read it for yourself: 
Gov. Kasich is ready at the  That same Reagan optimism will win back the White House. 
We appreciate the support in New Hampshire tonight! 
Relaxed and ready. Hope everyone can tune in to the  at 8pm EST. -John 
Tune in to the  at 8PM EDT tonight to support Gov. and pls  our posts! 
Trent Lott knows why John Kasich stands out in a crowded GOP field. "He's got it all." 
Trent Lott knows why John Kasich stands out in a crowded GOP field. "He's got it all." 
Trent Lott knows why John Kasich stands out in a crowded GOP field. "He's got it all." 
Trent Lott knows why John Kasich stands out in a crowded GOP field. "He's got it all." 
 There are going to be two heavy hitters in the  spin room for tonight. Thx Sens. Sununu ; Lott. h…
Got my game face on! Ready to have some fun tonight at the  -John 
Member of the media? Be sure to follow for updates from our Communications team. 
Tune in tonight at 8PM EDT for the  Learn how you can help:   
While other candidates try to connect to Reagan, I actually served w/ him and campaigned for him. -John 
Two Pittsburgh guys. One show. See you on 9/22, -John    
 First candidates to use the new Twitter donation feature: and 
 Kasich already taking advantage of Twitter feature announced today allowing political donations directly from tweets 
Chip in $5 or more today and help us continue our  
BREAKING: Gov is officially the 1st candidate to file for the caucus!   
 Congratulations to for being the first Republican presidential candidate to file for the Nevada Caucus! 
Excited to announce our Georgia endorsements! ; more!  
If you live in N.H., hope you can join our  team at the Debate Watch Party Weds evening!   
This sundown marks the beginning of the Jewish New Year. L 'Shana Tova and health ; happiness to all celebrating! -John
How about those Rockets? Way to represent Ohio well! -John 
Thank you to the for hosting Gov. Kasich today!    
Thx to for giving me the chance to talk to you today. These folks are ready to win!  
 in Dover NH BBQ    
Gov will be on - Check your local listing here and tune in!  
Another fun town hall! Gov. Kasich was in Raymond, N.H. today to meet with voters   
Appreciate being part of this campaign to return conservatism to the White House. Let's make it happen. -John
A beautiful event marked with stories of tragedy and hope. Thx for allowing me the honor of attending. -John 
Today we remember all of those lost ; recommit ourselves to freedom ; to one another.  -John 
14 years ago evil tried to defeat us, but free people always prevail. -John 
Gov. will be on the with at about 6:30PM EDT - Tune in! 
Tune in tonight! Gov. will be on w/ at about 10:30PM EDT 
Excited to announce that N.H. GOP icon Ruth Griffin is endorsing   
Join the team today!   
Thanks for your support! 
Gov. Kasich was in Brookline, NH for a town hall last evening with voters! Great questions!  
Great recap video from the Milford Labor Day Parade, Salem GOP Picnic ; BBQ with 
Gov will be on "Your World" with at 4:45PM EDT - Tune in! 
 KASICH SPEAKS: NH1 News Political Director Paul Steinhauser is moderating the APPS National Security Forum with... 
 We are about to be live with for a national security forum from New Hampshire at 12:30pm. Stay tuned for the lives…
 APPS is hosting for a national security forum in New Hampshire today at 12:30pm. Follow for a link …
 Thanks for hosting! We had a great time.
 200 plus people at our first No BS Backyard barbecue with   
 With at our first no BS Backyard Barbecue.  Over 100 people here.  
Shout out to  Nation from New Hampshire. O-H...  -John 
 Hanging with at Milford NH Labor Day Parade.   
Gov. in N.H. today for the Milford Labor Day Parade    
 Kasich starts the parade 
 Speaking to New Hampshire voters at the Milford, Labor Day Parade!  
 Stop  other  candidates)isn't letting the 90+ degree heat keep him from marching in Milford 
Ohio workers are driving our jobs comeback. Happy Labor Day! -John 
Americans create jobs, not politicians. Let's come together ; rebuild our nation. -John
Thanks for your support!!  
Here's a short recap from last week's MI ; NH events - Pls share 
A new poll is out today that has Gov at  in New Hampshire! Join the team today!  
Gov. will be on this morning! Find your local listing: 
 Coming up on  Republican candidates and
Gov will be on Sunday w/ - Find your local listing:  
  joins us on  Sunday. 
In case you missed it, check out our latest video about positive vision for America 
Big news in Ohio this week!READ MORE:  
[VIDEO]: Positive ; accomplished, it’s why N.H. continues to embrace  
 Granite Staters: We are hosting in Concord next week for a ntl security forum. Get your tickets here: 
Read more about why supports Gov. candidacy for President: "Why I'm all in for John Kasich" 
One more Town Hall this evening in Lebanon, N.H. Great turnout!   Sign up:  
Hey Apple ; when will we get a wavy bacon emoji? Did you see our filter today? 
Another big Town Hall turnout! Gov answering Q’s in New London, N.H.   
Glad to have ; on the team!  
Gov was at today for a Town Hall event - Talking abt how to strengthen America  
 Gov. Kasich was in Salem and Derry a few weeks ago. Check our N.H. page for upcoming events: 
  is the best retail pol I've seen yet in NH--fascinating blend of crusty humor, deep policy knowledge, and idea…
Gov. Kasich visiting with voters this morning at Robie’s Country Store in Hooksett, N.H. - Overflow crowd 
We're excited to have NH State Sen. Boutin and Karen ; Raul Cervantes on the team! Thx for your support  
 As enters Hooksett, NH general store, campaign rolls out endorsements from state senator David Boutin, and a "N…
 As he gets a glowing intro--biggest turnout yet at Robie's, we're told- takes in the scenery  
 Packed house for at Robie's Country Store - a fixture in the NH presidential campaign circuit  
Waking up in New Hampshire this morn? Start your day off with some bacon...on our filter!   
 In New Hampshire this AM, Snapchat users can apply a John Kasich filter with his logo in bacon.   
Peace through strength. We must reinvigorate our military to make America safer and the world more secure. -John
Nice to see you again Ronna! 
Thanks for your support!! 
Lt. Gov, Thx for the good word. Easy to be positive in MI when you ; are leading so effectively. -John 
Gov speaking today abt job creation ; lifting Americans at the luncheon 
 addresses the greater lansing business community at a luncheon  
Gov. John Kasich is up to  in GOP rankings. - Help keep our momentum going!  Read: 
Gov will be on the w/ at 7:40PM EDT - Tune in 
Gov. John Kasich will be on​ with​ TONIGHT at 7:25PM EDT - Tune in!!
 Ohio Gov  - goes ON THE RECORD at 7pm tonight
Gov spoke today at the forum in Michigan about how we can make America stronger and safer 
As POTUS once again oversteps his bounds, Ohio knows every carnation is a monument to our own William McKinley. -John 
We have a critical Aug. fundraising deadline Mon. Pls consider chipping in $25 or more to help keep up our momentum! 
Gov. Kasich's groundbreaking community-police task force made big news. New guidelines w/ a goal of preserving life.
Who liberals fear the most in 2016: - Join the team today:  Read more: 
Read report showing strong record of conservative budgeting: 
 took a hard look at record of real, conservative budgeting in Ohio. Here's what he found. 
Americans deserve a balanced federal budget. Sign the petition if you agree!  
No Americans you disagree with aren't "terrorists." These are terrorists. 
We balanced the budget once. Together, we can do it again. 
Coincidence that Hillary came out swinging at after polls show he’s the only one who beats her in NH? 
Hey I heard chucks with suits are back in style -John  
Who’s the only GOP candidate defeating Hillary in New Hampshire? It’s Gov Chip in:  
Gov. Kasich will be on the show at 6:30p EDT ; a replay at 8:30p TONIGHT -Tune in!  
 Today, I was proud to announce my support for John Kasich for President. "We Republicans need to capture the... 
My thoughts ; prayers go out to Roanoke ; the families and friends of the victims of this senseless violent act. -John
ENDORSEMENT: New York political icon endorses Gov. for President!  
It takes an on-the-ground military coalition to wipe out ISIS, but there’s a role for values also...
  is hosting at national security forum in Southfield, Michigan on Aug 31. Get your tickets here: ht…
A new poll out today has Gov at  in N.H.  Chip in today to help!  
Gov will be on with at 5:36PM EDT - Listen live: 
Updated: Gov. Kasich will be on with (radio) today at 4:30PM EDT - here:  
ICYMI: Former U.S. Senate Maj. Ldr Trent Lott announced his support of Gov.  
“There has never been a Governor in the state of Ohio as pro-life as John Kasich…” 
The recipe for a stronger economy: cutting taxes, cutting red tape ; balancing the budget.
Always great to talk with about national security -John Listen here: 
Gov. John Kasich took in the last week. Check out some highlights.  
The U.S. must help Ukraine remain free ; strong. -John 
Tune in! Gov. will be on with ​ - 10AM ET 
"You're as pro-life as anyone in this field, aren't you, John Kasich?" 
Gov. will be on the Sat. 10:30AM EDT. Find your station here:  
Be sure to tune in tonight. is one of the best in the business. -John 
 It’s all about healthy babies at Moms2B – loved visiting w/ awesome moms ; their little ones!  
Experience. Optimism. Leadership. John Kasich wows the crowd at the soapbox.
Nothing like being on the trail w/ my friend John Sununu. He's just a great guy. -John 
Our team in New Hampshire keeps getting stronger. So proud to have the support of Doug and Stella Scamman. -John 
Big things happening in Iowa. Thx to Fmr. Speaker Siegrist for his support! -John 
Londonderry is in good hands with BIG Thanks to Londonderry PD for all you did at today’s Ed Summit 
Gov. Kasich is in Salem, N.H. for a Town Hall event with voters. Discussing balanced budgets ; strengthening America 
Gov. talking about improving education and creating better opportunities for all students at  
That's dedication, JJ. Thx for coming out. -John 
Riding along at the  
Overflow crowd watching Gov speak at the  at the  
 WATCH LIVE: delivers speech –   
  at  – LIVE on C-SPAN    
 Overflow crowd to hear at soapbox 
Gov Kasich speaks at the  about his plan to strengthen America  
Gov. visiting with Paul Pate at the  
 In between rainstorms ; share nice comments about each other 
 Kasich polishes off 3 pork chops at Fair  
 Grillin' with the Governor 
 Due to weather, 4 p.m.  speech will be held inside nearby Service Center. Updated schedule: 
Gov enjoying a visit with some  attendees after helping cook at the IA Pork Producers tent 
Gov Kasich walking around the  with Sen 
Gov Kasich visits with IA Gov ; Lt Gov  
America deserves a strong leader back in the White House. America needs 
Gov Kasich visits with voters at the Home Plate Diner while visiting the 
Tune in tonight! 
 Moderator with at today's SC  
 AHEAD: Ohio Gov. receives a significant endorsement for president. got his take on the issues htt…
 Great crowd in Myrtle Beach, SC today for our forum with  
Gov talks at the forum about how we must strengthen our nat'l security to keep Americans safe. 
 Good to see my friend today while he was in Columbia! 
In Ohio, Gov. Kasich is putting all children first. 
Great seeing and the today! Gov. Kasich signed to appear on the primary ballot 
Gov signs paperwork at the to appear on the South Carolina primary ballot 
Thx for inviting me down this AM. His endorsement is a strong indicator of growing momentum.  -John 
After the endorsement, checked out the Jesse Owens exhibit. Owens was born in Alabama. 
At the endorsement event Gov ; exchange footballs signed by ; Coach Saban 
BREAKING: Alabama endorses Ohio Gov ; Presidential candidate 
"America's power has always been its people, so we should use that power to keep our people safe."ON NAT'L DEFENSE: 
While in Birmingham, AL Gov had dinner ; signed a rib box at the famous 
Col. Washington ; showing me the historic, sacred 16th St Baptist Church in Birmingham, AL -John 
He did it! Congrats to Ohio's on the  -John 
Well said. Thank you,  -John 
Tune in Sunday to see Gov on CBS' - Check your local listing here:  
 
It's on the way!!  ☕️ 
“After a standout performance in last week’s prez debate, Kasich saw crowds swell at his town hall meetings..." 
34 years ago today. Reagan's investment in the American people can work again. -John 
"The 'why' around the Kasich bid has turned into 'wow'"  
In New Hampshire, Tom Rath is a guy you want on your side. Thx for joining the team, -John 
Thank you to the Belknap County Republicans for hosting Gov. Kasich tonight!   
Ford took operations from Mexico to Ohio -- "thanks in large part to the leadership of Governor Kasich": 
A lot of talk today about Ford's big move from Mexico to Ohio.   So how did it come to be? 
Overflow crowd at the Derry, N.H. Town Hall!    
Very proud to have National ; New Hampshire GOP Leader Tom Rath's support! -John    
Gov Kasich meets with Peterborough, NH voters - talks about experience balancing budgets ; creating jobs  
Gov. is on the show tonight in the 7pm hour. Be sure to tune in at 
NEW POLL: Kasich momentum is growing in New Hampshire!Join the team. Sign up at  
The miracle of America needs to be revived. Together, we can make it happen. -John 
Why people are still talking about debate performance: 
Gov John Kasich will be on with tonight - Tune in at 10PM EST  
Chip in today to help us keep up our momentum ; Sign up for updates  
Here are some highlights from the shows today  
You'll have a bunch of opportunities to catch on the morning shows tomorrow. Check your local listings. 
Gov. Kasich on recent statements about of FOX News. 
NEW VIDEO: John Kasich shined in last night's  and America took notice. 
Lots of people talking about this answer at the debate. It's what I believe. The American Dream is for everyone.-John 
Thx for the support, Jon! 
Thx to everyone for the outpouring of support tonight. Together we can lift America. -John  
Thanks for the support, Ray! 
What America is talking about. "Kasich" 
  verdict: wins it. 74.5% positive sentiment. 
John Kasich getting a little attention in the post-debate media room.  
Join the movement, America.Sign up at  
Thanks! Now let's make it easy for you. 
Did tonight make you a fan of Be sure you take a moment and like our Facebook page: 
"We need to give everybody a chance, treat everybody with respect, and let them share in this great American dream." 
What you miss during  commercial breaks: invites the Cruz girls up to chat. 
Here's your chance to learn a bit more. Check out  
John Kasich knows how to balance budgets because he's actually done it. He will do it again.  
Gov. John Kasich has made a real difference for veterans in Ohio. 
Make no mistake -- Israel is our strong ally ; we must stand with them.  
Gov. Kasich served on the House Armed Services committee for 18 years.  
 John Kasich has had two of the best answers of the evening, about poverty and about same-sex marriage. Good for him.
Join the team, Joey!Sign up at  
 Kasich is leading this debate for hitting home runs.  He has a mostly conservative approach with a very inclusive message.
It's called "President of the United States" for a reason. 
Thanks for your support! Help out the team by signing up here:  
America is talking about   
Leadership matters. Chip in and let's take John Kasich to the White House:  
Leadership.Join the team:  
Scrap the President's Iran deal. Iran can’t get a nuke.   
ON TAXES: Gov. Kasich eliminated taxes for virtually every small business in Ohio. 
Giving a free  hat away - random from the first 250 s! GO!  
Giving a free hat away - random from the first 250 s! Go!   
John Kasich helped Ohioans create 350,000 new jobs. He can do it for America.  
The miracle can happen to you. Grow opportunity and grow jobs.  
Thx for your service, Eric. Learn more about the work has done for veterans:  
Hey if you're still looking to chip in, check out 
SMALLER GOVT: Ohio government payroll is smaller than it's been in 3 decades.   
America deserves real, experienced leadership. America needs the team:  
John Kasich is ready to lead. Join the team, Claire!:   
ON ISIS: We need to wipeout ISIS with a coalition of boots on the ground. It takes leadership.   
A top ten state for job creation. Wages growing faster than the nation. Record number of businesses. 
Here you go.  
And they want solutions. knows a lot about that. 
Gov. Kasich has shown real leadership in criminal justice reform.  
Creating jobs is our greatest moral purpose because they strengthen our families ; communities.  
John Kasich has signed more pro-life measures than any other Ohio Governor in history.   
Ohioans are proud of their state once again. 350,000 new jobs. Wages are growing ; low unemployment. 
Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio's credit outlook was UPGRADED.  
Are you ready? is.Tune in to Fox News NOW. 
Former IN Rep. Dan Burton is a funny guy. Nothing like a good laugh before hitting the stage. -John 
Giving a free coffee mug away - random from the first 250 s! Go!   
Giving 5 free bumper stickers away - random from the first 75 s! Go!   
 Thanks, Michael. -John
The scene outside before tonight's  is all 
Appreciate you being on the team! Steve's been big in our fight for a fed balanced budget amendment. -John 
Love the enthusiasm. Thanks, Teresa! 
Ready to go! Cleveland should be proud of hosting one heck of an event.  -John  
We've balanced our nation's budget before. We can do it again.  
It's time for America to lead again.  
Republicans must win Ohio to win the White House. Here's my question for the candidates at the  -John 
 Hey Brian, just saw it was your birthday. Hope it's been a good one. Let's talk soon. -John
Moving on up!NEW POLL:  
NEW VID: Our momentum continues to grow. Kasich is "one of the most interesting candidates to emerge."   
It's only fitting the  begins in Ohio. See everyone soon! -John  
A huge thank you to NH Maj. Leader Flanagan for his endorsement. We're on our way! -John 
Had fun tonight at the  Forum in NH. Chip in and let's take this campaign to the next level: -John
Real experience. Proven results.   
UP NEXT at the NH  Forum: John KasichTune in now: 
It's just common sense. Join the team:    
If you want fiscal discipline in DC, you want John Kasich in the White House.   
Watching the NH  event? Gov. Kasich will be the third speaker this evening. LIVE VIDEO:  
ICYMI: N.H. House Majority Ldr Jack Flanagan endorsed Gov. Kasich for President!    
Be sure to tune in at 7PM EST tonight for the  Forum! Watch live on C-SPAN 
How much can a president do to restore the American Dream? VIDEO: 
Thank you for your support! Be sure to sign up for our campaign updates:   
Wondering why so many are talking about Gov. Kasich's growing momentum? Here's your answer. 
Gov. John Kasich will be on - Find your local listing:   
Washington has failed our transportation system. It's time to move the power back to the states. -John 
 please visit our online store!  - thx for your support! 
Today, former NH Senate Pres. Tom Eaton took Gov Kasich on a walking tour of Keene, NH   
Another standing room only Town Hall in New Hampshire! Thank you to the for hosting Gov. Kasich!  
Thank you to the for hosting Gov Kasich at a Town Hall event in Keene, NH  
Gov Kasich tours Moore Nanotechnology Systems in Keene, NH   
I've got an idea...  -John 
Be sure to tune in bright and early tomorrow morning when Gov. Kasich appears on at 7:45a EST. 
Really appreciate the warm welcome. Ohio's success can happen elsewhere. We just need to work together. -John 
Happening soon! Gov. Kasich and -- listen in at 6pm!  
Gov. Kasich is coming up on You'll want to tune in at 4:10p EST. 
This is what momentum looks like. Let's make a real difference for America.  - John 
 I'll be interviewing Republican presidential candidate Governor John Kasich at 6:00pm and 7:30pm on Broadside 
It takes courage to stand up against this mess of a deal with Iran. Scrap it and let's start over. -John 
A new poll has Gov Kasich in 3rd place in N.H.! Chip in to keep up the momentum!   
90 mins until Lots to talk about! -John 
Ohio has lost a great public servant. Our Homeland Security Director, Richard Baron, has passed away. Prayers for him and his family. -John
Our campaign is off to a fast start and America is taking notice! Join our team:  -John 
You're right, Allan. Cool to see my old house again. McKees Rocks helped make me who I am today. -John 
Have you visited our online store yet? Pls take a moment to purchase your  items and support Gov. Kasich! 
Being President isn't about politics, it's about capability.  -John 
Huge jump to 4th for Gov. Kasich in newest NH poll, even with poll taken BEFORE his anncmt ; NH tour. That was fast! 
Saddened to learn of the passing of Columbus legend Amos Lynch. His positive impact on Ohio is beyond measure. -John  
 "Either we're in this to fix America or we're in this to get elected." -  See more on
Don't forget to tune in and watch Gov. John Kasich this morning on 
This is the kind of endorsement that gets noticed, ; for good reason. Thx for your support, IA St Rep Hanusa. -John 
MI ; former Rep. Pete Hoekstra joined us in Grand Rapids. Thx for coming out! -John 
Great crowd at the Ottawa County GOP dinner - together, we can win!  
You're going to want to see this...  -John 
Gov Kasich is in Grand Rapids, MI meeting with supporters - talking abt leading the effort to balance the fed budget 
Hillary's team thinks they will lose to John Kasich. Let's make it happen. Pitch in today:  
There is so much passion for a stronger America among voters in NH. Join our team. Let's make it happen. -John 
Gov. Kasich visits with Southfield, MI voters and talks about his vision for strengthening America  
Hmmm...  -John 
Gov Kasich at a Des Moines, IA Town Hall - talking about experience cutting taxes, balancing budgets ; creating jobs 
Happening Now: Iowa State Rep. Mary Ann Hanusa announces her endorsement and intros Gov. Kasich at a Town Hall event 
You're not going to find a bigger tax cut than what we've done in Ohio. -John  
Another great Town Hall! This morning we were in Summerville, S.C. at  
Gov. Kasich taking questions at a Summerville, S.C. Town Hall - talking abt his experience leading ; getting results 
That's what I call a productive lunch. Thanks to ; Ann for good food and a great discussion today. -John 
Lots of excitement ; questions at the Wolfeboro Town Hall. Gov Kasich talking abt leadership ; job creation  
Gov Kasich takes questions and talks with voters at the Wolfeboro, N.H. Town Hall   
Thanks Center Harbor! We'll be in Wolfeboro and North Conway, N.H. for 2 more Town Halls tmrw   
Gov. Kasich talks about leading the effort to balance the federal budget since the first time man walked on the moon 
Gov. Kasich talks at the Center Harbor N.H. Town Hall event about about his times working with President Reagan 
Our Nat'l Guard recruiters must be able to defend themselves ; in Ohio we're making sure that happens. -John  
While in New Hampshire, Gov. Kasich sat down with - Watch the whole interview on Sunday via
Gov. Kasich had a great time visiting with Portsmouth, N.H. residents at today's 1st Town Hall event  
Great to see Ruth Griffin and former House Speaker Doug Scamman at our Portsmouth, N.H. Town Hall -John  
Today's first Town Hall is in Portsmouth, N.H. Great event!   
Thanks for your support. It's great to be back in New Hampshire.   
 Gov “If you’re poor, if you’re disabled, if you’re drug addicted, we want everyone to rise.”   
A packed sets the stage for a campaign for America. 
What a great turnout in Nashua, N.H. for the first Town Hall event!  
Gov Kasich talking at a N.H. Town hall about leading the effort to balance the federal budget  
Great turnout for a Town Hall event in New Hampshire! Sen introducing Gov Kasich 
Boisterous crowd as Gov. Kasich heads to set for an interview on Fox. 
I'm running for President. Let's get to work, 🇺🇸America🇺🇸 - together. Join the team:  -John 
"The next President of the United States..."  
LIVE on  America is ready.   
It's time. Tune in now.  
"I believe [John Kasich] will be the next President of the United States." - Former NH Senator John Sununu
We're 4 minutes out. If you're not in our packed house, it's time to tune into   
LIVE on  It's almost time. The crowd is ready.  
40 minutes to go. And the is jam packed. 11am 
The people are ready. The event kicks off at 11a EST. Watch live at  
We're ready. Tune in at  today at 11:00AM EST and watch the event live!  
