One way we can make sure kids get a good start is if they have a roof over their head and a stable place to live. We need to guarantee access to affordable housing. I’ll get it done. 
13 newspapers, from coast to coast and north to south, have endorsed me and our campaign’s optimistic economic agenda. As we travel across the country, we are meeting people where they are, bringing them with us, and building a big coalition to defeat Trump in 2020. 
Thanks to the North Carolina Dems for having me at your dinner last night! Super Tuesday ahead and a big 2020 year in your state. Blue 🌊 
Great rally in Portland, Maine today. Portland’s seal depicts a phoenix rising — a reference to the city’s recoveries from devastating fires. Our nation has a history of resilience too. This November, we will beat Donald Trump and put America on a path of renewal. 
Thanks for what you brought to this campaign. Your crusade to make climate change the  issue changed minds ;will change policy. Your ideas will endure ; I loved standing next to you at the debate (; thanks for letting me borrow your pen when mine exploded on stage).
Today I received the endorsement of MN's — my 13th newspaper endorsement nationwide. Minnesotans know and trust this campaign because I’ve fought for them every step of the way and they know I will continue to fight for them as President. 
Housing is a central issue in our campaign.If people have a stable place to live and don't need to move around because of economic issues, we can solve a lot of problems.Thank you to for having me on your show. 
Today in Richmond, Virginia, we met a crowd that knows that what unites us is stronger than what divides us, and wants a candidate who will bridge the divide.Thank you for the introductions, and Lakesha Hicks. Together, we can unite our country. 
After 24 hours with no sleep and a sick baby in intensive care, my insurance forced me out of the hospital. I didn’t want another mom to go through what I experienced and was determined to change the policy. 
This is wrong. We need to make sure we are investing in K-12 education – especially in our rural communities.  
We’ve exceeded expectations time and time again. And every day, more Americans are joining us in this fight. We are meeting people where they are and building a strong coalition to win big. Donate to our fight before the FEC deadline tonight:  
Just finished a rally in Knoxville, the home of the Tennessee Volunteers! Thank you for the great introduction from Chair Lakenya Middlebrook and Together we have a lot of work to do on healthcare and income inequality. Let's get it done! 
Proud of the Minnesota House for setting a framework for what we must do nationwide — ensuring everyone who needs insulin can get it. 
 WaPost's lead editorial today after interview with Senator Bold And Pragmatic 
South Carolina, today is the day to cast your ballot in the 2020 primary! I’m prepared to fight for you as your President!Help us win big in November by voting here in South Carolina:  
 just hit the stage at the Hilton in downtown Knoxville for her rally 
Just finished up a great rally in Nashville!We can bring this country together and ignite voters in this fight against Donald Trump by focusing on an optimistic economic and justice agenda. 
Mr. President, it's not all about you. 
This election is about all Americans. So, we cannot spend the next four months tearing our party apart, or we’re going to watch Donald Trump spend the next four years tearing our country apart. 
As Paul Wellstone said, “Politics is about the improvement of people's lives,” and that is exactly what this election is about. If you’re tired of the insults and mean tweets -- join us in reaching out to voters in South Carolina. 
Just wrapped up a rally in Falls Church, Virginia with a crowd of over 1,300 voters!Thank you to former VA Delegate for getting the crowd fired-up for Super Tuesday! Virginians are ready to unite this country —  an idea that is at the center of my campaign. 
Honored to earn the support of (he ran Medicare, Medicaid, and led on the Affordable Care Act during his time in the Obama Administration!). Together, we’ll build on the ACA and ensure all Americans receive the care they need.
That's a promise! 
Leadership is thinking ahead and thinking farther than the next tweet. Leadership is working with the rest of the world. Leadership is listening to the scientists and the experts, not silencing them. Leadership is doing the right thing. 
This is a serious matter. I believe in science. I believe in listening to, not silencing, health professionals. The most important thing right now is that we work together as a country, ensure everyone is informed and plan ahead. 
  to support the 4,000 janitors in Minnesota going on ULP strike Thursday fighting for a contract that wins a 
Today marks the first anniversary of the passage of HR 8 -- legislation putting in place universal background checks for gun sales. But Mitch McConnell once again failed to act.It's time we take action to keep Americans safe. 
Courage these days is not standing by yourself in the corner of a boxing ring throwing punches. Courage is whether you’re willing to stand next to someone you don’t always agree with for the betterment of this country.
Met an energetic crowd in Raleigh, North Carolina today! Thank you to and North Carolina's first African-American woman Chief Justice for kicking off the event and getting North Carolinians fired up for Super Tuesday! 
 Singer who has endorsed is on stage to introduce her ahead of her event in Raleigh, NC 
60 years ago, Jibreel Khazan, David Richmond, Franklin McCain, and Joseph McNeil sat in at Woolworth’s — igniting a youth-led movement.Today, I visited the International Civil Rights Museum with CEO John Swaine to see where these brave men sat. Their legacy and courage live on. 
Honored to receive the endorsement of Maine’s only independently-owned newspaper, I agree that during these divisive days, we need a candidate who will not only bring people with her but also has a track record of experience.
Just hosted a Voting Rights Roundtable in Greensboro, North Carolina. In America today, there are too many obstacles preventing citizens from exercising their right to vote. We must end voter suppression. 
As Barack Obama said, we should pay attention to where the voters of this country are. And spending nearly $60 trillion dollars is not where they are. 
I just got off the  stage. If you believe, like I do, in bringing people with us to build a winning coalition that will beat Donald Trump, join us: 
When I was growing up, my dad struggled with alcoholism. When he got his third DWI, the judge said that's it— treatment or jail. My dad chose treatment and in his words, he was pursued by grace.Here’s what I’d do as President: 
We need to win in districts like Congressman swing districts, districts that have been held by Republicans ; close elections we’ve won. To appeal to people in those kinds of districts, you've got to be able to include people and not shut them out. 
 Undecided voter: “Why should we vote a president, who is so successful on the economy, out of office?”Amy Klobuchar: “Be…
Domestic violence affects an individual victim, but it also affects a whole community.When we look at gun violence laws, we have to respond to the mass shootings and hate crimes, but we also have to make sure we’re looking at solutions for everyday gun violence.  
One thing I would do in the first 100 seconds as President: Fire Betsy DeVos. 
Donald Trump's economy works well for his friends at Mar-a-Lago, but making things more affordable should be the focus of a President.He failed to bring pharma prices down.He failed to make college more affordable.He failed to invest in our infrastructure. 
As President to take on coronavirus I would make sure we have adequate medical help and research, ensure we have invested in education (because the next vaccine or cure is with a college student at your college), and keep the CDC strong.  
 "Uh huh," says of Pence leading the US coronavirus response, then says "…
In a few minutes I'll be taking the stage for the  Tune in now.
Thinking of of the families of the victims and co-workers at Molson Coors tonight. Yet another tragic case of gun violence. Enough.  
Presidents do not get to tell Supreme Court justices what to do. 
Thank you for hosting the Ministers’ Breakfast today and for your commitment to continuing the dream of Martin Luther King Jr. As Dr. King said, we're all "tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly.” 
People have no idea who the candidates are. They tune in and they see a slugfest. There are valid arguments you can make, but what kind of mess is that?We can’t spend the next four months fighting everyone else. We have a bigger goal and that's to defeat Trump in November. 
Donald Trump’s worst nightmare is that people who are tired of the insults and the extremes in our politics will have a candidate they are proud to support. If you too are tired of the noise and the nonsense, join our campaign: 
If we spend the next four months tearing our party apart, we’re going to watch Donald Trump spend the next four years tearing our country apart. 
 What did the viewers of the  remember most from tonight message of unity. 
 Debate summary in one picture. A whole lot of yelling and then there’s (h/t 
My motto comes from the words of one of my political mentors, the late Senator Paul Wellstone: politics is about improving people’s lives.  
I just got done with the  South Carolina voters go to the polls in just four days and Super Tuesday is in just one week, so I need your help now more than ever before. Donate now to help me take on Donald Trump and win the White House: 
 Asked if she would meet with Kim Jong Un, Sen. Amy Klobuchar says, “I would, but not in the way this president has done it…
Donald Trump’s worst nightmare is that the people in the middle — people who are tired of the insults and the extremes in our politics — have someone to vote for. 
I want to take coronavirus out of politics right now and talk to the American people because this is serious. I’m not going to give my website right now. I’m going to give the CDC’s website:  so that people realize what to do if they feel sick. 
Been there? Check out   
I don’t agree with putting hard-earned taxpayer money into rich kids going to college.We need to look where the needs are in our economy. We’re going to have a million openings for home health care workers—particularly in rural areas—that we don’t know how to fill. 
I have long supported the assault weapons ban and I have won every race in a proud hunting state.Having someone who can lead the ticket, win in the middle of the country and bring people with her is the way we will get gun safety legislation done.  
 "One sure way we can make sure kids get a good start is if they have a roof over their heads." Thank you to
 We worked closely with to introduce her legislation to close the boyfriend loophole. She’s been an effectiv…
 FYI: by the numbersIn 2018, Amy received more than 60% of the voteIn 2012, Amy received more than 65% of th…
If we spend the next four months tearing our party apart, we’re going to watch Donald Trump spend the next four years tearing our country apart.  
 Amy Klobuchar: “If we spend the next four months tearing our party apart, we’re going to watch Donald Trump spend the next…
  "If we spend the next four months tearing our party apart, we're going to watch Donald Trump spend the next fo…
Let me tell you how many nickels and dimes we’re talking about. Nearly $60 trillion dollars.As one prominent Democrat once said, we should pay attention to where the voters of this country are. That prominent Democrat was Barack Obama.That's what we should do.  
 Klobuchar: Sanders' spending plans would amount to 'three times the American economy. Not the federal government. The Amer…
No, the math does not add up. 
Wisconsin has kicked hundreds of thousands of people off of their voting rolls. Georgia kicked 100,000 off. As President, I will get voting rights to be a reality for everyone. 
 Sen. also calls for raising the minimum wage  
Getting ready to take the stage for tonight’s South Carolina  in Charleston. Tune in to now!
We're committed to meeting people where they are and bringing them with us because we will need a strong coalition to defeat Donald Trump in November.  Join us:  
Thinking of the people of Alexandria MN today, a proud town. I once visited with the Alexandria firefighters and I know they are a strong group. Thanks to them and the other fire depts in the region.  Businesses destroyed by fire in downtown Alexandria 
We need a bold, aggressive voting rights agenda. We need to end voter suppression, challenge these laws in the courts and help people register to vote. It’s time to organize. Time to galvanize. Time to take back our democracy.
As the first African American female principal dancer at the American Ballet Theatre, exemplifies strength and courage. She continues to inspire young people everywhere. 
I believe in transparency.And this should not be about whether you like the President of the United States. This should be about whether the truth matters in our democracy. Those are the stakes. 
Thank you to and for hosting the First in the South Dinner in Charleston, South Carolina!Our mission is to meet people where they are and bring them with us. Last night, we did that — meeting a fired-up Democratic base ready to get it done. 
I think Abigail has me beat… 
Recent coronavirus developments are a stark reminder of the persistent threats posed by infectious diseases. The United States must continue to lead the global fight to prevent, detect, and respond to pandemics. Here’s what I would do: 
Another endorsement out of Virginia! Honored to have small business owner, Navy vet and VA 32nd District Delegate on board. 
When we ask our young men and women to serve in defense of our country, we make a promise to provide them the resources they need to do their jobs and to take care of them when they return home. As President, I will honor that promise. Read more here: 
Like many Americans, my life was affected by mental health ; addiction. My dad struggled with alcoholism, but he got treatment ; in his words was ‘pursued by grace.’ I believe everyone should have that same right. That's why I have a plan to get it done:  
I want every little girl in America and around the world to know that anything is possible. 
Today we celebrate the life of an American hero, Kathrine Johnson. She stared down racism and sexism, and paved the way for more women of color to succeed in math and science — inspiring the next generation to pursue their dreams no matter what obstacles they must face. 
Closed out last night in Oklahoma City with a fired-up crowd!I believe the middle of the country matters and we leave no one and no place behind. I believe in bringing people with me.That's how we will win big this November. 
This afternoon we had an excited crowd in Little Rock, Arkansas — looking to put an end to the divisive politics and unite this country!Let’s get it done! 
I come from a union family. I’m the daughter of a union teacher and I wouldn’t be where I am today if it weren’t for unions. That’s why I stand in solidarity with and their right to strike and advocate for what their students deserve.  
Justin, thank you for standing by my side for 15 years and for leading this campaign every step of the way. I couldn’t be prouder of you and our team. 
Met Brooklyn and her family at a recent event. She told me she watched my announcement speech in the blizzard and became a supporter that day. Glad that a year later, we could finally meet! 
It is crucial that we work internationally to develop a comprehensive public health strategy to combat the coronavirus. We also need to ensure the CDC and other health agencies have the resources they need to fight this outbreak.
I am here to serve Donald Trump notice: I have won every race, every place, every time. And I can win big in November.  Join our grassroots campaign by donating today:  
 The Babies for Amy coalition showed up with all the rest of Cambridge to our Hot Dish Party to meet daughter…
Kicked off the morning in Fargo with Sen. at North Dakota State University! With 16 football national championships under their belt, the Bison know how to win big.I’m the candidate who this November will do the same and defeat Donald Trump. 
Minnesotans, this is our state’s first presidential primary since 1992, and we have the opportunity to vote early. Find your polling location, exercise your right and vote early before March 3rd — just like I did!  
In 2018, we saw the highest voter turnout in a midterm election in fifty years. Women, people of color all ran for office and won big.We're not just resisting. We're insisting on a better way forward.As President, I'll continue to move this country in a better direction.
 David Wellstone officially endorsed as she spoke to Minnesota volunteers tonight 
Trump’s worst nightmare is that the people in the middle, the people who are tired of the mudslinging and the name-calling, will have a place to call home this November. Join us at  
Thank you to the San Francisco Chronicle and Seattle Times for your endorsements. Newspapers across the country are endorsing our campaign because they know we will win big and defeat Donald Trump in November. 
I’ve won every Senate race by at least 20 points.I’ve won every congressional district every time — including the reddest parts of my state.  I bring the receipts. That’s what we need at the top of the ticket in November.
Today is caucus day, Nevada! We can defeat Donald Trump, and I need your support today!Find your caucus location and stand in our corner!  
¡Nevada, ya llego el dia!Como he dicho a lo largo de esta campaña, si estás cansado del ruido, las tonterías y los extremos en nuestra política, tienes un lugar conmigo.Únete a nuestro equipo y asegúrate de estar en el caucus hoy: 
Nevada, today’s the day. As I’ve said throughout this campaign, if you are tired of the noise, the nonsense and the extremes of our politics, you have a home with me.Join our team and make sure you caucus today: 
 Both the Seattle Times and San Francisco Chronicle editorial boards announce endorsements for today.Thes…
Turns out Lt.Col. Vindman was only the start of the  “loyalty” purge. The rule of law can’t tolerate 4 more yrs of a president who thinks he’s above it. Our democracy can’t tolerate 4 more yrs of a president who thinks he can bulldoze through it. VOTE!  
Great events in Elko and Reno today! It’s clear that we are building a strong coalition going into tomorrow’s First in the West caucus. Nevada, let’s do this. 
Happy 80th birthday to my friend, Your continued fight for equal protection and justice under the law for all Americans inspires me and our country every day. 
Thank you to the for your endorsement. It's an honor. I agree: it is crucial that we defeat Donald Trump. We will build a coalition to do exactly that. 
Visited with workers at Mandalay Bay here in Las Vegas this morning! Culinary has helped over 18,000 immigrants become American citizens. Their work is remarkable and what the American Dream is all about. 
Honored to receive the endorsement of the As president, I will work every day to "restore the integrity, discipline and dignity that the office deserves." Let's get it done, California!
 Sen. ready! 
What unites us is so much bigger than what divides us. We need a candidate who can bring people with her — a fired-up Democratic base, Independents and moderate Republicans. I’ve done that every single time and I’ll do it again leading this ticket. 
That's a lot of Post-Its! 
Nevada — tomorrow you help choose who will take on Donald Trump in November.We need a candidate who will bring people with her — not shut them out.We need a candidate with a track record of winning.I have the receipts.Commit to caucus with us: 
Americans deserve a President who is focused on a health care plan to lower premiums. As President, I’ll get it done. 
Russia is attacking our democracy again and instead of doing everything he can to stop it, Donald Trump is retaliating against our intelligence officials for doing their jobs. This must stop.
BUYERS (and non-buyers) BEWARE (and just one more example of why I want to pass better election ad laws): Bloomberg’s manipulated debate video earns Four Pinocchios 
Aurora, Colorado is ready for Super Tuesday! We had over 1,100 people join us tonight fired up and ready to win big! Let’s get this done. 
Donald Trump went after me at his rally tonight. I'll take it as a badge of honor. He knows we're rising and we'll beat him in November (and a poll in the battleground state of PA today had me beating him by 7 points)! Help us take back the White House: 
When you see some troubled waters, you don’t blow up a bridge, you build one. We need to improve the Affordable Care Act, not blow it up. 
Nevada: Saturday is your day to caucus and we want you to join Team Amy in our corner! Commit to caucus with us:  
 "This is a crisis, and a lot of our plans are very similar to get to carbon neutral," said "When it comes to p…
We need to send Mitch McConnell packing. 
Last night, we didn't talk enough about Donald Trump.He went down to Mar-a-Lago after he signed that tax bill that helped the wealthy and said to all his friends,"You just got a lot richer."That’s exhibit A. 
And even the post-it note weighs in!   
 Sen. Amy Klobuchar on the  "I do think something was missed here, and that was there wasn't enough of going aft…
I’ve won every race with a fired-up Democratic base, Independents and moderate Republicans every single time.I’ve passed over 100 bills as the lead Democrat.I have the heart to be President.Help us build the coalition to defeat Donald Trump. Donate: 
What unites us is so much bigger than what divides us.We may not agree with everything that's said on this debate stage, but we all understand the heart of America is so much bigger than the heart of the guy in the White House.  
We need to send Mitch McConnell packing.  
  points out Mitch McConnell has 400 bills on his desk — including  the biggest anti-corrup…
We have not been talking enough about Donald Trump. He signed that tax bill that helped the wealthy and he went down to Mar-a-Lago and he said to all his friends, “You just got a lot richer.” That is Exhibit A.  
The path from this stage to the White House is high voter turnout.I'm the one who had the highest voter turnout of any state in the country when I led the ticket.I bring in rural and suburban voters. I bring the receipts.  
The hard-working people of have health care plans that have been negotiated over time. The same is true for so many Americans right now. There are 149 million Americans that would lose their current health insurance under Medicare for All.  
 Mayor Bloomberg says he "can't go to Turbo Tax" in response to a question about how long it's taking to release his tax r…
When it comes to tax returns, everyone up here has released their tax returns, except Mayor Bloomberg. It is a major issue because the President of the United States has been hiding behind his tax returns, even when courts order him to come forward those tax returns. 
 Elizabeth Warren claimed that Amy Klobuchar's health care plan is two paragraphs long. Warren is wrong. 
 Well, this is the longest two paragraphs I've ever read. Here's a link to Amy's comprehensive health care plan we can actu…
When it comes to Medicare for All, you don’t put your money on a number that’s not even on the wheel. And why is Medicare for All not on the wheel? Because two-thirds of the Democratic Senators are not even on that bill. We need to improve the Affordable Care Act, not blow it up. 
 Thanks to for reminding America tonight that Minnesota is  in voter participation! We’re not tired of win…
I’ve been told many times to wait my turn and to step aside. I’m not going to do that now and I’m not going to do that because a campaign memo from Mayor Bloomberg said this morning that the only way that we get a nominee is if we step aside for him. 
The  is just about to begin! Tune in on NBC now!
Nevada: Saturday is your day to caucus and we want you to join Team Amy in our corner!Commit to caucus with us: 
Tomorrow I’ll be heading to Colorado to talk about building a winning coalition to beat Donald Trump in November. Join us in Aurora → 
I stand in solidarity with the Station Casinos workers fighting for a fair contract in Las Vegas at The Palms. When unions are strong, America is strong. I will continue to fight for workers’ rights alongside and everyone united in this effort. 
The majority of hunters support universal background checks.The majority of Trump voters support universal background checks.Some politicians are afraid of the NRA. I’m not. We can get this done. 
Abigail sure knows a lot about Las Vegas... 
Had a wonderful time with the women of in Las Vegas tonight. To the strong women in this room and all over the country who had to fight to be where they are today: I know you, and I will fight for you. 
I just got done with the  in Las Vegas! If you believe in bringing people together to build a winning coalition that can take on Donald Trump, join our team. I can’t do it without you. 
 Amy Klobuchar says "there's a lot we should do" to promote women's equality, including:▪︎ Passing the Equal Rights Amendment▪︎ I…
 KLOBUCHAR: "One of the amazing things about being the first woman president would be to have every little girl in America a…
There are a lot of politicians out there who are afraid of the NRA — including the President.When I am President, I will not fold.  
Immigrants don't diminish America, they are America. 
 "I actually thought he should be on the debate stage, because I don't think you should just be able to buy your way to the presi…
We want to make sure we have the best candidate to lead the ticket in November. And I don't think when people look at Donald Trump they say "Can we get someone richer?" 
I’m about to take the stage here in Las Vegas for my  in to now!
Today, families in need can be forced to wait years for affordable housing. Children are wondering where they'll spend the night. Seniors can't afford to retire in their own homes.That's why I've got a bold plan to address the housing crisis. 
Nevada:If you’re ready to make childcare and long-term care more affordable,If you’re ready to take on Big Pharma and stand up for workers' rights, join our campaign.We can do this.  
  if you're ready to overturn Citizens United and get Big Money out of our politics.
You can get rural cell and high-speed internet in Iceland, with its volcanoes, more easily than in parts of northern Nevada. That doesn't make sense.We need to rebuild America's infrastructure. I have a plan to do it and I show how to pay for it.
Our country cannot take another four years of Donald Trump.His playbook is not hard to understand, it is three words: divide and demoralize.I have a playbook that's three words: unite and lead.
Thank you to Chair of the Speaker and all of the Virginia Democrats for having my husband John speak at  Looks like you all had a great time! 
Our Director of Latino Outreach, is a DREAMer who reminds us every day what we are working toward on this campaign. He is as resilient as they come and it’s an honor to have him on our team. 
Nevada!Early voting is still open today and tomorrow, and the caucus will take place this Saturday, February 22nd. Find your early vote or caucus location here:  
We need to build a big coalition to win in November.We need our fired-up Democratic base, but we also need Independents and moderate Republicans to join our team to defeat Donald Trump.I’ve built that coalition every time I’ve run and won in a purple state. I can do it again.
The President's infrastructure plan leaves the details up to the imagination — quite literally.With my trillion-dollar plan to overhaul America’s infrastructure, I'll get the job done. And it's paid for.Read my plan here:  
Demócratas de Nevada — soy Amy Klobuchar y le ganaré a Donald Trump.Le devolveré a La Casa Blanca el respeto que se merece. Lucharé por un mejor sistema para sus cuidados de salud, mejores precios en sus medicamentos y una mejor educación para los suyos. ¡Lucharé por ustedes! 
Thanks for your incredible work across the country. This will only happen because of you and our team and all the people we’ve inspired...together.  And there you are in the photo standing watch and having my back as usual.  Happy Presidents’ Day to you! 
Busted.... 
Our campaign is surging from grassroots donations all across the country and giving us the strength we need for Nevada, South Carolina, and beyond.Can you chip in today to help us keep up the momentum?  
I have the grit to beat Donald Trump.Join our campaign to take back the White House and unite our country.  
Whether it’s drug addiction, alcoholism, or the opioid epidemic – people all over our country aren't getting the help they need.I have a $100 billion plan to increase access to treatment for addiction – and the opioid manufacturers will pay for the crisis they helped create. 
I said that day, a bridge shouldn’t fall down in the middle of America. But it did. We have to step back and look at what’s going on with infrastructure in this country.When I’m President, I will actually follow through on my promises. And I will rebuild our infrastructure. 
Great to be at the Presidential Forum in Las Vegas today to share my plans on how to move our country forward.The first plan I released last year was a $1 trillion investment to rebuild our infrastructure (and it’s all paid for!). As President, I will get it done. 
This morning I met leaders at the NV Black Leg. Caucus’ Black History Awards Brunch, including Assemblywoman and Lina King — who served in WW2’s 1st African American woman unit.Thank you to Rep. for joining me! 
Our campaign has raised over $12 million since the New Hampshire debate. It is regular people who are growing this grassroots campaign! Donate today!  
 : "[While] Trump got $413M from his dad ... my grandpa saved money in a coffee can in the basement to send…
I'm the only one at the debates with the track record of bringing people with me, winning in red, rural, and suburban areas, and flipping the state House every time I’ve led the ticket. It's not talking points to me.We need to keep the House, and I can lead a ticket to win big. 
Honored to speak at the Black History Festival in Las Vegas. So happy to join and everyone who came out yesterday! 
Incredible night in Las Vegas with at the Clark County Kickoff the Caucus Gala!This is our nation's moment. We cannot afford to shut people out — we have to bring people with us to defeat Donald Trump and win big. That is what I do.Join our team. We will win. 
Honored to get endorsement of the Houston Chronicle, the biggest paper in Texas! Texas is a very key and politically changing state ; a Super Tuesday state. Also a long standing presidential connection between MN ; TX as in LBJ/HHH!   
 “I don’t think you should be able to hide behind airwaves and huge ad buys,” 2020 candidate says about Michael B…
Have momentum, will travel: Klobuchar looks to keep surge going in Nevada - CNNPolitics 
 New TV spot for Nevada campaign first appeared yesterday at 21:36 in Las Vegas on KLAS (CBS). 
Unions help all workers fight for better wages and workplaces. America needs more unions—not fewer.I’m the granddaughter of a miner and the daughter of a union teacher and union newspaperman. I will always defend the right to organize.
 Pleased to welcome to the Culinary Health Center earlier today for a tour. provides Culinary…
A comes before B! 
Summerlin! What a great crowd here in Clark County with voters who are fired up for the caucus! We can bring people with us so that we win BIG in November.Find where you can early vote in NV here:  
We know in our hearts that in a democracy, it is not about the loudest voice or the biggest bank account.It is about the best idea and about the person who can turn those ideas into action.
It's great to be back in Henderson this morning getting people ready to vote here in Nevada. We are one week away from the Nevada caucus and you can early vote from now until Tuesday, February 18th!Nevada, I'm ready to fight for you. Let's do this. 
We need to end systemic racism when it comes to voting across our country, and North Dakota has taken an important step.I help lead the Native American Voting Rights Act in the Senate and I will always fight for equal access to the ballot box. 
Honored to receive the endorsement of California’s San Jose and need to heal the nation’s deep political divide and I promise to bring people with us—not shut them out—to defeat Donald Trump. We will win big in November.Let’s do this, California! 
We’re in the World’s Biggest Little City with one big Nevada crowd! Our momentum is building here in Reno and voters are fired up to caucus and take back the White House.Join our team!  
Happy Valentine’s Day to my husband John who's there for me every day! 
Wow.  I forgot about this. Pretty good if I do say so myself. 
 Democratic Presidential candidate speaks to supporters in Reno. 
Spent the morning touring the Culinary Health Center with and This center provides medical care to 55,000 participants and their 70,000 dependents.Proud to stand with the Culinary Union and support services and benefits they provide to their members. 
When I am in the White House, I will take responsibility instead of passing it on.I will reach across the aisle and work with Americans in good faith instead of picking fights.I will bring this country together instead of tearing it apart.
 👉🏻 "Nos falta empatía" con este presidente, señaló Amy Klobuchar sobre durante su intervención en el foro d…
 Line wrapping around the building and some suspect parking at the Reno town hall, after it was moved to…
Today marks 2 years since the Parkland tragedy. We remember the lives lost, their loved ones, and the march we are on. The march led by the brave kids after Parkland who stood up, inspired young people across America, and voted. We will fight together for gun safety.
Thank you to everyone who’s hearing our message and helping spread it across the country.It’s simple: we can win. 
Great night in Vegas tonight at a campaign rally at the with lots of people and before that at the townhall.  Thanks Nevada!
Here’s what I said on last night: 
Today I voted for the bipartisan  Iran War Powers Resolution to make it clear: the President doesn’t have the authority to start a war with Iran. He must come to Congress for before using military force against Iran. My friend showed tremendous leadership ; it passed.
We are surging, our campaign is gaining momentum every day, and we want you to join us! Help us build the strongest coalition to defeat Donald Trump. Apply for open positions at our headquarters and across the country here: 
America deserves a President who doesn't give up or give in just because a decision is hard.America deserves a President who is as resilient as her people. 
We’re lucky to have you in this fight, Your work on our team is invaluable and your story is an inspiration to us all. 
 Democracy only works when our voices are heard. I’m committed to making sure all of our diverse communities are part of my administration. Thank you for hosting this! 
 We must match our education system to the economy. Nearly half of AAPI post-secondary students are enrolled in community college, ; some of our fastest growing jobs require one- ; two-year degrees. As President, I'll make one- ; two-year community college free.
 Universal background checks, assault weapons ban, magazine limits, passing my bill to close the boyfriend loophole (preventing people who have abused dating partners from buying or owning firearms): we can get this done. Read more of my plan here: 
 We'll put a stop to the mean-spirited approach to immigration from this administration. It hurts our communities, families, economy and our country. As President, I will pass comprehensive immigration reform because immigrants don’t diminish America — they are America. 
 Government services must be accessible to all Americans. Period. That means increasing outreach to immigrant communities, upholding and strengthening language access mandates, and improving the use of interpreters and translated materials. 
 And we must address the disparities that are holding too many AAPI families and communities back -- and that means investing in health care, education, childcare and housing. 
 We have to do more to make sure AAPI data is disaggregated ; promote an accurate Census. While some are faring well within the AAPI community, others are experiencing poverty rates much higher than the national average. 
 There must be a seat at the table for the NHPI community. As President I'll make sure the NHPI community is involved in federal policy-making (taking advice as I always do from my good friend We can't make decisions on issues important to you without your input.
As President, I'll nominate talented people to lead my administration who represent the diversity of America, including from the AAPI community. And I will make sure we are consulting with the AAPI community on all matters of federal policy. Your voice must be heard.  
In a few minutes I’ll be joining ; for the AAPI Twitter town hall! You can follow along using the hashtag  
Heading to Nevada this afternoon — a great way to start the trip! Honored to be endorsed by And I agree: the one thing that unites us all is the need to defeat Donald Trump — and I can do it.Let’s do this, Nevada!
Just in case you don't know me... 
Thank you to everyone who came out to vote and made their voices heard yesterday in New Hampshire! We are building a winning coalition and we will beat Donald Trump in 2020. 
I stand with and let's be clear: attacks on the union are unacceptable. I come from a family of proud union members and I know when unions are strong, America is strong. 
The rule of law cannot withstand another four years of Donald Trump and his men.
Thanks to my friend ; incredible leader for the work you've done as a civil rights lawyer, governor ; candidate for President. I’ll miss seeing you ; your positive presence at all these events but I know that for you there are more good things to come.
Hello, America. I’m Amy Klobuchar and I will beat Donald Trump. 
Abigail took this photo right before we went on stage in New Hampshire last night. John and Abigail have been with me every step of this journey. ❤️❤️ 
If you want a Democratic nominee who can make our tent bigger, our coalition wider, and our coattails longer – join us.We will defeat Donald Trump.Chip in today: 
In 2020, we will beat Donald Trump. 
Thank you, New Hampshire! 
 Amy Klobuchar speaks to supporters in New Hampshire: "We have beaten the odds every step of the way. We have done it on th…
 Amy Klobuchar: "I cannot wait to build a movement and win with a movement of fired up Democrats, of independents, and mode…
My heart is full. We have beaten the odds every step of the way— with our merits, ideas and hard work. And we will defeat Donald Trump. Donate to our campaign now:  
Thank you, New Hampshire!This campaign is about grit. My story, like so many of yours, is about resilience. And while mine is nothing compared to many across this country, understand that I know you and I will fight for you.On to Nevada! 
 I'm thrilled for my friend and senator next door, on her New Hampshire performance tonight. You go girl! 
Michael, you are a good friend and a leader in the Senate who has done remarkable work for Colorado and the nation. You ran a thoughtful ; forward-thinking campaign. You know how much I love seeing your wonderful family, Susan ; your three daughters, who you make proud every day.
Andrew, I will miss you on the campaign trail. You’ve inspired so many new people to join politics. By thinking outside of the box, you will have a lasting mark in bringing new voters to the ballot box in 2020. And I’ve enjoyed hanging out with the 
I remember our campaign launch like it was yesterday! It’s a reminder today that what unites us is bigger than what divides us.We can do this, New Hampshire. 
We cannot out-divide the divider in chief.We need a candidate who can bring Independents and moderate Republicans with her to build a winning coalition to defeat Donald Trump.I’ve done it before, I’ll do it again. Join us. Let’s do this, New Hampshire. 
New Hampshire voters: If you want to bring people with us and win big with a coalition of fired up Democrats, Independents and moderate Republicans — vote for me.I have a track record of winning. I have a track record of getting things done.I know you. I will fight for you. 
The goal of this election is simple: We must bring decency back to the White House.
Today's the day, New Hampshire! Got out early this morning in Manchester to visit volunteers and greet some early primary voters. Let's get this done! 
We need a President with empathy.A President who can put herself in the shoes of other people and really work on the things that matter to them — prescription drug prices, health care costs, childcare, college affordability.I promise to restore that to the White House.
New Hampshire — the polls are open!If you are tired of all the noise and the nonsense and the extremes of our politics, you have a home with me.Join our team and get out to vote. Find your polling location:  
 "I'm asking for your vote because I believe that we need someone that can bring people together." In her final pitch,
We’re off to a great start in New Hampshire today! Here are the polls that opened and closed at midnight. 
One final stop at Penuche’s in Manchester and it’s clear: something is happening in New Hampshire.Let’s do this. 
Thank you for coming out tonight, Rochester! New Hampshire: tomorrow is the big day! We’re building a coalition to defeat Donald Trump and bringing people with us to win big. Join our team:  
Granite Staters— making a decision for Tuesday? Some local NH papers to read: Amy Klobuchar is the Democrats' best choice to move the nation forward Amy Klobuchar can win Amy Klobuchar can unite America
Incredible crowd in Exeter! At each stop, we’re feeling the momentum, growing our team, and getting ready to hit the polls tomorrow!Let’s do this, New Hampshire. 
 Among the most energetic crowds I’ve seen for She ended her speech with a rousing call for N.H. to “surpris…
We are one day from the New Hampshire primary, we are surging and we aren’t going to stop!Join us tonight and get ready to hit the ballot box tomorrow! 
This election is a decency check on the President.You may not agree with everything said on the debate stage (I don’t agree with everything said on the debate stage!), but we can agree on one thing: the heart of America is bigger than the heart of the guy in the White House. 
We're in Keene today and continuing our surge in the New Hampshire primary -- one more day! We've seen record-breaking polls and fundraising in the last 48 hours. Join our team and help us have a strong finish:  
I missed you John!  Next stop. 
My closing message to New Hampshire: I know you, I will fight for you.There is a complete lack of empathy in this guy in the White House and with your vote, I promise I will bring that back to you. 
One year ago, we launched our campaign in the middle of a blizzard on the Mississippi River to bring people together and unify our country.Thank you to everyone who has supported our homegrown campaign and brought us to where we are today.I know you. I will fight for you. 
We need a President who knows how to bring people together to get things done.I have been in the arena — I have worked across the aisle to pass over 100 bills as the lead Democrat.That’s what we need right now. 
ANOTHER ONE! Two polls tonight have us in 3rd place at 14% in New Hampshire. We are surging! 
ANOTHER POLL with us surging to third place in New Hampshire!We’re seeing incredible momentum on the ground and drawing our biggest crowds yet. Let’s keep it going!Donate tonight:  
What an incredible day for our campaign here in New Hampshire! Record-sized crowds and record-sized fundraising! We ended the night in Salem with a crowd ready to hit the ballot box on Tuesday!Join us today:  
Thanks ; for hosting the  forum.Democracy only works when our voices are heard.The first bill I'll pass as President is HR1 to strengthen ethics reforms, overhaul campaign finance ; protect voting rights. 
WOW! We've raised $3 million since the debate and just had the biggest New Hampshire rally of our campaign (since we set the record 2 hours ago)!Thanks to the 1,100 people who came out in Nashua— it wouldn’t be a  rally without the snow!We are surging. Let’s do this! 
As President, I'll get things done.And it will look nothing like this. 
700+ people just joined us in Manchester at Like I said on the debate stage, if you're tired of the noise and the nonsense, you have a home with me. Now let’s get out and vote on Tuesday! 
It’s like a hotdish! Thanks for having us, 
    
I've passed over 100 bills into law as the lead Democrat.I've actually won in red and rural congressional districts.I don’t just talk, I get things done — and I have the receipts.
We need a President who’s willing to take things on — someone who isn't afraid of making unpopular decisions.The Affordable Care Act and Social Security weren’t popular at first, but we had Presidents willing to fight for them.That's the kind of President we need right now. 
What is missing with the guy in the White House is empathy. What is missing is a sacred trust between the President and the people.People of New Hampshire— I know you. I will fight for you.Come with us. Let’s go vote on Tuesday:  
Woke up with to a beautiful sunny day in New Hampshire, visited Tucker’s diner in Concord, saw we had surged to  in latest N.H. Emerson Channel 7 poll...and now this update from Tim re fundraising since debate...all in all a good way to start the day. 
 . doing some  retail. Talking skiing, a stop into Concord 'speakeasy' Chuck's Barbershop, and dropping…
NEW POLL TONIGHT: We've surged to third place in New Hampshire! Let's keep the momentum up. Make a donation at  
Thank you, New Hampshire Democrats for an inspiring night at the McIntyre-Shaheen 100 Club Dinner!We know what unites us as a party is bigger than what divides us. We know the heart of America is bigger than the heart of the guy in the White House.Join us. Let’s win big. 
Three days to go until New Hampshire votes and we are barnstorming the state! Stopped at Dartmouth and met so many Granite Staters who are energized and joining our team. We're surging — and we’re bringing everyone with us!We can do this. Join us:  
I am not a billionaire. I do not come from money.I am the granddaughter of an iron ore miner, the daughter of a teacher and a newspaperman, the first woman elected to the Senate from Minnesota, and someone who passed over 100 bills as the lead Democrat. 
We had a fired up crowd in Durham on UNH's campus this morning! And we just passed the $2 million mark raised since the  Let’s keep this energy going, donate at  
If you have trouble stretching your paycheck to pay for rent, or have trouble deciding to pay for childcare or long-term care, or have trouble figuring out if you’re going to fill your refrigerator or fill your prescription drugs — I know you. I will fight for you. 
My grandpa was an iron ore miner who worked 1,500 feet underground in the mines his whole life.I don't come from money, and I believe no matter where you come from, you should be able to make it in America. Donate to our grassroots campaign today:  
I don’t think people look at the guy in the White House and say, “Can we get someone richer?”They want someone who understands them.I am the daughter of a union public school teacher and a union newspaperman, and I will always fight for you.
We are not going to be able to out-divide the Divider in Chief.Donald Trump’s worst nightmare is a candidate who actually brings people with her instead of shutting them out. 
 "She seemed like a president tonight. She seemed like the president I would like to have as a president. on…
Ok! That was fast! We hit our $1 million goal. New goal: $2 million! Donate here:  
Wow, our campaign has had our best fundraising hour ever. We have a goal to raise $1 million before midnight tonight, can you help us get there? Donate here now: 
I don’t have the biggest name up on this stage. I don't have the biggest bank account. I’m not a political newcomer with no record. But I have a record of fighting for people. I know you. I will fight for you. 
It's  
 "We are not going to be able to get any of these things done if we don't give people the right to vote." Amy Klobuchar c…
There is overwhelming public support to fund Planned Parenthood. We have to make sure women have access to contraceptives, make sure they have a right to choose, and we need to make this case strongly and loudly. 
I think we owe this to the people of New Hampshire and to the rest of the country: to explain how we will combat addiction and pay for treatment. I’ve been very clear about this, read my plan here: 
 Amy Klobuchar on reducing drug addiction: "I will get this done and it is personal to me."Here's on Klobuchar's re…
I am the only one up on this stage who has consistently won in red congressional districts. Not once, not twice, but three times.  And when I did it, I didn’t just do it for me. I led a ticket — we flipped the state House every single time. 
 Amy Klobuchar knocks idea of being a "cool newcomer": "We have a newcomer in the White House, and look where it got us. I…
I keep listening to the same debate on Medicare for All but it’s not real. Two-thirds of Senate Democrats aren’t on the bill. It would kick 149 million Americans off their current health insurance in 4 years. I will build on the Affordable Care Act—not blow it up.  
 Sen. Amy Klobuchar at  "Truthfully, Donald Trump's worst nightmare is a candidate that will bring people in from the mi…
Donald Trump's worst nightmare is a candidate who will bring people in from the middle. We are not going to be able to out-divide the divider in chief. We need someone to head up the ticket who will bring people with her, not shut them out.   
Taking the stage for the  now. Tune in to
In Lt. Col. Vindman’s opening statement during the impeachment inquiry, he spoke to his father—who fled the Soviet Union for the United States: “Do not worry. I will be fine for telling the truth.”He is a patriot. And what Donald Trump’s administration has done is a disgrace. 
We lost an election in 2016, but we didn't lose hope.In 2020, we can change the whole tone of our politics — and it starts with replacing the Divider in Chief.
We need a President who understands that courage isn’t standing in the opposite corners of a boxing ring throwing punches— it’s standing next to someone you don’t always agree with for the betterment of this country. 
 “Amy’s ability to bring people with her is not just important to beat Trump and unite the country, but is also an essenti…
The stakes in this election could not be higher. Our democracy cannot withstand another four years of a President who thinks he's above the rule of law. In 2020, we must defeat Donald Trump.
 "It made me sad because I know that they know better. I know they know exactly what went on here." - Sen. Amy Klobuchar s…
Yes, tonight's  is technically on an ice rink, so Abigail called in some Olympic-level talent to help us prepare... 
I just finished my  Our campaign is surging in New Hampshire, but I can't do this without you. Donate now and join our team: 
 Amy Klobuchar says President Trump's transgender military ban is "mean-spirited" and if elected president, she will commit to over…
The lack of affordable housing affects everyone, rural areas and urban areas. That's why I have a plan to make housing more affordable, and I show how I'm going to pay for it.  
 Amy Klobuchar on her plan to address student loans: "Multimillionaires can refinance their yachts. I don't know why studen…
I have a plan for the first 100 days of my presidency. But in the first 100 seconds, I will fire Betsy DeVos. 
We're surging in New Hampshire because people are realizing they want a candidate who is actually going to get things done and have their back.I've always said, if you’re tired of the extremes in our politics and the noise and the nonsense, you have a home with me. 
Courage is not just standing in the opposite corners of a boxing ring throwing punches, courage is whether or not you're willing to stand next to someone you don't always agree with for the betterment of this country.  
America’s heart is so much bigger than the heart of the guy in the White House. 
I’m taking the stage for our  — tune in to now!
In honor of the fact that the  will be held on an ice rink in New Hampshire, Abigail put this video together with a special guest... 
Thank you Brigadier Generals Jim Smith, Kevin Ryan and to for hosting our Manchester event on foreign policy.As President, I promise to restore sanity to our foreign policy and be a leader America and the world can trust again. 
We cannot risk barely eking by a victory against Donald Trump in November.We need a candidate who has won in rural areas and suburban areas, someone who has brought moderate Republicans and Independents with her.That’s how we win in 2020. 
Snow today in New Hampshire, but that’s not slowing us down! All you need is a snow suit and a yard sign.... 
The President might as well have a sign on his desk that says “the buck stops anywhere but here." 
We built this campaign to unify the country. Because in order to win and govern effectively, we must bring people together — not divide them.Our message is resonating with Granite Staters and we want you on our team to defeat Donald Trump.Join us:  
This election is a decency check and a patriotism check on the President. 
  "Isn't it true that there isn't a single thing that any Democratic candidate for president is proposing that could g…
I am the daughter of a lifelong public school teacher and proud union member.As President, I will always fight for public education and the right to organize. 
History will remember that the majority in this body did not seek out the evidence and instead decided that the President’s actions did not even require a second look.
It is a somber day for our country. As Senators, we are representatives of the American people and it's our duty to protect and defend the Constitution.The President leveraged the power of his office for personal gain and the choice before us is clear.No one is above the law.
Thank you, 
Started my day at the  taking questions from students here in Concord, New Hampshire. Climate change affects us all, from the coasts to the middle of the country. As President, I will lead and tackle the climate crisis starting on Day One. 
Donald Trump’s playbook can be described in three words: divide and demoralize.As your President, you can count on me to do something very different: unite and lead.
As Michigan Governor said, “You can listen to what someone says, but to know the truth, watch what they do."Donald Trump has broken his promises to the working people of this country.It's time for a President who will have their backs and get things done. 
Our team held three events today, ending the night here in Nashua! It's 1 week until the primary, New Hampshire, and our campaign is surging! Let's do this. 
 "I'm the one that's won in rural areas, suburban areas. I brought with me moderate Republicans and independents and that's the…
What an amazing event in Portsmouth. On to Nashua for our third event of the day since arriving in New Hampshire at 4 a.m.! 
We know in our hearts that in a democracy, it’s not about the loudest voice or the biggest bank account.It’s about the best idea and the person to turn those ideas into action.If you’re ready to put our country back on the path of progress, join us: 
After arriving in New Hampshire at 4 AM and being met with a welcoming committee of fired-up volunteers, we held our first event here this morning in Concord! Thank you to and everyone who joined us. We’re bringing our momentum to the Granite State! 
When I am in the White House, I will take responsibility for my job instead of passing it on.I will reach across the aisle and work in good faith to get things done for the American people. I will bring this country together instead of pushing it apart.
 Snapshot of in NH:- virtually tied for 2nd in new Emerson poll- welcomed back by dozens of supporters a…
We are punching above our weight and we are surging! Here’s what I had to say last night: 
Ok we have some devoted volunteers here in Manchester NH at 3:30 am! 
I’ve landed!  Hello New Hampshire!  Klobuchar, Sanders surge in New Hampshire in latest 7NEWS/EMERSON COLLEGE TRACKING POLL – Boston News, Weather, Sports | WHDH 7News 
One thing is clear tonight: we are punching above our weight and we are surging! On to New Hampshire! 
In this election, we need a candidate who’s going to bring people with her instead of shutting them out. We need a bigger tent and longer coattails.Let's get this done and win big in 2020. 
5 minutes to go! Be to your precinct location before doors close at 7pm. And for any undecided Iowans out there: caucus with us, we will defeat Donald Trump! 
Point of personal privilege tonight as the Iowa caucuses approach: Congratulations to my long-time COS/Staff director Lizzy Peluso ; her husband Dave on their new son Luca, born today. Lizzy was w/me all last week through the hearing and Luca, thanks for waiting til tonight. 👶 
America needs a candidate who can beat Donald Trump.In my last race, I flipped 42 counties blue that Trump won in 2016. I'm ready to take him on and unite our country. 
The number one thing that unites us? We want to win.And I am the candidate with the receipts. 
Need a refresher for the Iowa Caucus?Check out our site! Find your precinct, get your questions answered and come caucus with us at 7pm! 
We’re in a primary right now, but the job of voters is to look at who can win in the general election.In 2016, Donald Trump came within 1.5 points of winning Minnesota.In 2018, I won reelection with a 24 point margin— and flipped 42 Trump counties back to blue.We will win. 
Being at the top of the ticket means leading the whole ticket to victory.I don’t want us to just eke by a presidential victory at 4am— I want to flip the Senate and keep the House.The Iowa Caucus is tonight. Help us win big for all of America:  
I'll never forget Brenda showing me the ‘Disarm Hate’ tattoo she got at age 76 at the forum in Iowa.This National Gun Violence Survivors Week, we remember that gun violence isn't just about one victim—it's a whole family and a whole community.  
 Amy Klobuchar’s daughter wins Iowans for her mother, one hot dish at a time 
This campaign is about meeting people where they are and bringing them with us to win big.We won’t win if we shut people out.If you’re tired of all the noise and the nonsense and the extremes in our politics, you have a home with me.Join us:  
I'm starting my day heading to the Senate floor for the impeachment trial. I have a job to do—a constitutional duty. And I think Iowans understand that experience matters. Being in the arena matters. Fighting for the truth matters.Those are the qualities we want in a President.
My dad wrote a book titled “Will the Vikings Ever Win the Super Bowl?” Sadly, it's still relevant today.But we had a great night with hundreds of Iowans at our Super Bowl watch party in Johnston! Thanks to everyone who came to Jethro’s— and we’ll see you at the caucus tomorrow! 
My advice before the caucus: we can’t screw this up.We need a candidate who can win, who has the receipts — not just talking points.We need a candidate who has brought people with her time and again to win big.Let’s get this done.
We’re traveling across Iowa now, but our momentum is also surging in New Hampshire!Today we welcomed NH House Majority Leader Doug Ley to our team!Granite Staters want a nominee to unite the country, defeat Donald Trump and put our country back on the path of progress. 
In 2016, resigned as President of the Iowa Federation of Republican Women in protest of Donald Trump.Last night, she committed to caucus for me.We’re building the coalition to defeat Donald Trump and win in November. 
Last year, our first campaign event in Iowa was in Mason City. We’re back today, this time on caucus eve, to make our final push!Thank you MN Gov. ; Lt. Gov. ; IA Rep. for helping us rally with one day to go! 
If you’re given opportunity in life, you go into the world with a sense of obligation—not entitlement. An obligation to lift people up instead of shut them down, to share the prosperity instead of hoard it yourself.  I'll restore that sense of obligation in the White House.
Cedar Rapids, tomorrow is the big day! In just over 24 hours the Iowa Caucus begins. To and everyone who came out today (including disability activist Catherine Crist who joined our team!), thank you for the support! Let’s do this! 
I’m the only candidate in this race who has gone to all 99 Iowa counties.Our campaign believes in meeting people where they are and bringing them with us because a big coalition is the only way to defeat Donald Trump.Join us:  
We need a candidate at the top of the ticket in November who can bring people with her to build a coalition to defeat Donald Trump.Caucus with us on Monday, February 3rd at 7pm.Sign up today:  
Big night for my tater tot hotdish! 
Huge crowd in Beaverdale tonight—Iowans are feeling the momentum!All of us in this packed gym know one thing: the heart of America is so much bigger than the heart of the guy in the White House.We’re ready to unite our country and win big. Let’s do this! 
We’re two days from the Iowa caucus! Our campaign is gaining momentum the grassroots way—county by county, person by person. And we aren’t done yet!Talk to your neighbors, help spread our unifying message and come caucus with us on Monday, February 3rd:  
Third stop of the day! Now in Cedar Falls, Iowa with a few friends — Lt. Governor who drove down from Minnesota, our newest legislative endorser Iowa Rep  Dave Williams and former Iowa Rep. Bill Witt. Proud of this team and the momentum we've built! 
After being kicked out of the hospital with a baby in intensive care, I fought for a 48hr hospital stay law. I took a group of my pregnant friends with me to the state legislature. We won.I haven’t looked back since, and I will always keep fighting to improve people's lives. 
As we enter the final days before the Iowa Caucus, people are realizing we need a candidate who can win and get things done.I’ve won every race, every place, every time.I've got the receipts. I can do this. Join us. 
Today, we celebrate the beginning of  — a month honoring African Americans who have fought to break down barriers in the pursuit of equality and justice. We uplift voices continuing the fight today, and that is a commitment I make and will keep as President too.
Second stop of the day: Sioux City, Iowa!We're bringing our momentum across the state to rally caucus-goers for the big night on Monday. We will unify our country and beat Donald Trump in 2020!Join us:  
Donald Trump is great at boasting about the economy.But he never talks about the lack of shared prosperity and how hard it is for people to afford things—from childcare to student loans to prescription drugs.He has broken his promises to the working people of this country.
2 days until the Iowa Caucus and we had an energized crowd at a brewery at 10am in Bettendorf! Proud to have the support of Rep. and Rep. (and the endorsement of the Let's go, we can do this! 
Honored to have the endorsement of Congresswoman Linda Sánchez of California!  From the Midwest to the East to the West our momentum is growing!   
We’re in a fight to stand up for what’s right.We're fighting for the idea that no matter where you come from, you can make it in the United States.Join us:  
Proud to have now former Republican of Indianola, IA on our team!The only way we'll win this election is if we bring people in—not shut them out.We're building a wide coalition of Democrats, Independents ; moderate Republicans to defeat Donald Trump. Let’s win big. 
A new poll has our campaign at 16% (in 3rd place!) in Iowa with 3 days until the caucus. We need to make one final push! Donate $3 or $33 (or whatever you can) to keep up our momentum:  
Our campaign is about honesty and having an optimistic, unifying agenda for the people of this country.I have the experience and track record to take on Donald Trump and I’m ready to win back the White House and get things done.Support us in Iowa today  
If you don't have witnesses, you do not have a fair trial. The truth will come out.
Went back into the impeachment trial just seeing the Iowa endorsement, now I’m stepping off the floor seeing this from New Hampshire’s to have the endorsement and the focus on bringing our country together. 
Honored today to get the endorsement of the Iowa City Press-Citizen! Amy Klobuchar endorsed for Iowa Caucus by Press-Citizen Editorial Board 
I met this young woman in Iowa. After our event, we spoke and she thanked me for working on lowering the cost of insulin. America deserves a President who will take on Big Pharma, not one who breaks promises, and I will lead this fight. 
Heading back to the impeachment hearing. Lots of rumors about the schedule going into next week.  I have a job to do and I hope the people of Iowa and beyond will understand that my experience matters. Being in the arena matters. That’s why I’m here.
Throughout his campaign my friend John Delaney focused on economic solutions for our country. Going forward he is in a unique place to make the case for long term economic policies that will help everyone. I look forward to seeing him and April soon. 
The recent outbreak of coronavirus is a stark reminder of the persistent threats posed by infectious diseases. As President, I will make sure that the United States continues to lead the global fight to prevent, detect and respond to pandemics.Read more:
This is why I was the Dem lead on a bill signed into law this yr to help farmers stay in business when bankruptcy hits. This is also why we need a new President. Am on ag committee ; have 12 years of experience working on rural issues. That matters. 
Thanks for watching from Iowa Fran. With four days to go before the caucuses, I’m here at the trial, pushing for witnesses and the truth. So in a really big way I need you (and so many friends In Iowa) to be there for me. See you soon. 
There are more than 400 bills on Mitch McConnell’s desk. Bills on everything from climate change, to gun safety, to prescription drug prices. If we want progress in 2020, we need to build a coalition strong enough to flip the Senate and send Mitch McConnell packing.
After Donald Trump signed the GOP tax bill, he went to Mar-a-Lago and told his friends “You all just got a lot richer.”As President, I want to come back to places like Mount Pleasant, Iowa and say “I just gave you a decent retirement and childcare for your kids.” 
 I’m caucusing for working family roots, agriculture ; foreign policy experience, electoral success in ba…
Proud to have six more current and former New Hampshire State Representatives join our team!These leaders represent communities across the Granite State, and together we're working to build the broad coalition of support needed to defeat Donald Trump. 
I have won every race, every place, every time.Every single one of my Republican opponents I’ve beaten has gotten out of politics for good. I think that sounds pretty good with the guy we have in the White House right now.
 Please join me in caucusing for  
Our country was founded on the idea that we are an independent democracy.If you say that a President can do anything they want just to further their election and it doesn't matter, you have a king. You have no democracy. 
I stand in solidarity with the 8,000 nurses and caregivers who have been fighting for safe patient care and a fair union contract since April. When unions are strong, America is strong.
 “Early, quality childcare ; education is one of the most important public investments we can make as a country.” — Sen…
Since joined our team in June, 16 other Iowa legislators have supported my candidacy for President — the most of anyone in the field.These leaders know the hard work of governing is bringing people together to get things done. I’m proud to have their support. 
Tonight, I asked what possible reason there could be for allowing witnesses in a judicial impeachment trial and allowing none for the President’s trial. There is none.
I was on the committee for the last impeachment trial in the Senate. During that time we heard from 26 witnesses, 17 of whom didn’t testify in the House, and we ultimately removed Judge Thomas Porteous.
We are facing a critical moment for our democracy. This election is not about who has the most political ads or money. It is about who is the best candidate with good ideas, and maybe you don’t agree with every single one of them, but also who is the candidate who can win. 
My plea to Senate Republicans: no matter how you're going to vote on impeachment, you can't stop the truth. Our job is not to serve at the pleasure of the President. Our job is to answer to the power of the people. 
“Although we differ on particular policy positions, we agree that our common goals for the country outweigh our differences.”What unites us is so much stronger than what divides us. We’re building a big coalition and we're going to defeat Donald Trump.  
Democrats won in Louisiana, Kentucky, Wisconsin ; Michigan because candidates reflected their states.When we run on bold ideas like an education system that matches our economy and respects the dignity of work, we win.I will lead the ticket, win big and defeat Donald Trump. 
I will never forget meeting Janice Weiner for the first time.She’s right — “When one person is ill, it doesn’t just impact that person. It engulfs an entire family.”Together, we will lead from the heart, combat addiction and prioritize mental health. 
Our campaign is gaining momentum — but don’t just take my word for it — ask the Iowa’s and the New Hampshire and 
Thanks to all health workers ; researchers treating ; responding to the coronavirus. We must heed their advice and lead with an “unwavering commitment to global health security and the need for strong public health programs worldwide.” 
 We're not going to have a shortage of MBAs. We're going to have a shortage of plumbers. - Senator 
 "I would have 5 more girls if I could. I'm a girl dad. story about how much Kobe loved his daughters…
With 4 hours notice, during a break from the impeachment trial, our staff in Iowa put together a tremendous event. Thank you to this great crowd of Iowans who joined us tonight!Our team has grit and we’re gearing up for the caucus on Monday!Join us:  
Our Iowa Campaign Chair said it best! “Hot dish is a symbol of coming together, of a time when we weren’t so rude to each other… Caucuses are very much a neighborly coming together, so it’s the perfect thing.”
In fourth grade, I was sent home for wearing bell-bottomed pants to school.Today, I’m running for President of the United States. 
 When wins, we all win! If you're an Iowan, become a precinct captain today to help Amy claim victory at the…
We have a President who thinks everything is about him. His tweets, his golf courses, his ego. But I think the job is about you. Your healthcare, schools, security, families and future.I’ll be a President who restores decency to the White House and gets things done for you. 
Congratulations to A victory in your fight is a victory for all workers. 
There’s a break in the trial, so I’m back in Iowa for one night! RSVP to our event in Council Bluffs tonight: 
Wow. Time to picture a new President in that room. We can do this. 
I didn’t expect to be in DC in the weeks leading up to Iowa and New Hampshire, but we are peaking at the right time. I have legislators backing me on the ground, newspaper endorsements, and a great team on the ground. Let’s do this! 
Courage in Washington, DC is not standing by yourself and throwing a bunch of darts. Courage is whether or not you’re willing to stand next to someone you don’t always agree with for the betterment of this country. 
 Among   Emerson College / 7 News - Jan 23- 26   
 NEW on - Laconia Mayor Andrew Hosmer - - endorses for president; Hosmer was elected in a…
If we want to put our country back on the path of progress, we can’t just eke by a victory at 4am. We need a candidate who can help Democrats win up and down the ballot in red and purple places. We need to win big, and I'm the candidate who can do it. 
We will put a stop to these shameful attacks on immigrants by the Trump administration. As President, I will pass comprehensive immigration reform. Immigrants don’t diminish America — they are America. 
The Iowa caucus is just around the corner. Caucusing is easy and I want you to come out on Monday, February 3rd and stand in our corner! So sign up and caucus with us!  
I’m in the arena. I have a job to do—a constitutional duty. And while I can’t teleport, I can tele-town hall, so our campaign is finding new ways to reach people. And believe me, I will always do what it takes to get the job done.
To my Republican colleagues: we need to hear from John Bolton. He was in the room. Let's bring him in.The Constitution doesn’t say “we the ruling party.” It says “we the people.” 
Our momentum continues with an endorsement from the New Hampshire today!From the paper: "Forward is where our country needs to be heading. And, in these extremely divided times, we feel Amy Klobuchar is best suited among the Democratic field to get us there." 
Like I said yesterday, we should hear from the witnesses who were in the “room where it happened.” Little did I know that was the title of John Bolton’s book. 
This Holocaust Remembrance Day marks 75 years since the liberation of Auschwitz. Today we honor the 6 million Jews and millions of others killed during the Holocaust. We also pledge to confront anti-Semitism and vow: never again. 
When I’m out on the campaign trail, I remind voters that they are the jurors in this election: 2020 is a decency check on this President. 
In this election, we must win and unite our party. We need a candidate who has a history of winning in red and purple districts, who can bring along with her a fired-up Democratic base, as well as Independents and moderate Republicans.I have the receipts. I can get it done. 
Great news! The latest poll out of Iowa puts us in 3rd place at 13%! Help us keep up the momentum and donate here:  
Ended the night in Des Moines before heading back to DC for the impeachment hearing. People here understand that I need them to run for me this week. Never thought I would be off the trail during this critical week but I was buoyed by so many Iowans who have my back. 
A group so big we had to take down one of the walls! And a surprise endorsement from the fantastic Iowa Rep Ross Willburn to everyone who came out for a great afternoon in Ames, IA. Our campaign is surging, ; we want to have you in our corner on caucus night! 
This is such a tragedy. My thoughts and prayers are with the Bryant family and the families of everyone on board. Hug your loved ones close today. 
As I’ve said all week, the truth will come out. And it just did. Testify. 
What a great group out here in Waterloo, Iowa! They know we’re bringing people in to create a big coalition, and that’s how we’re going to win big in 2020! 
My husband John and Chris, one of our great field organizers, knocking doors this morning in the snow on AMY St. and Main St. in Baxter, Iowa! The Iowa caucuses are just around the corner, and our whole team is working hard! 
To Iowans still making their decision for the caucus—there are millions of Minnesotans you can look to for my job reference. Just give one a call! Whether they voted for me or not, they know I am honest, work hard, and get things done.
Meet the Press interview today including discussion of our double digit results in the new NBC poll in New Hampshire as well as the New Hampshire  endorsement! 
Beating Donald Trump means building a broad coalition and bringing people with us. With this endorsement from the New Hampshire (and the and our support keeps growing! 
Thanks Sen for hosting a house party in Linn County, IA (organized in 24hrs around the Senate schedule)! To our great supporters like Rep Sen Todd Taylor ; fmr Senators ; Roger Stewart: we couldn't do this without you. 
This endorsement is coming from someone who knows how to win big! 🥇I’m so happy to have the USA Olympic Gold Medal Curling helping us down in Iowa. Thanks, Coach! 
Happy Lunar New Year! I hope this new year brings joy, health, and happiness to all celebrating and their families!
We’re not going to have a shortage of MBAs in this country — we’re going to have a shortage of plumbers. 
Cream of mushroom, ground beef, tater tots, pepper jack cheese, and a house party full of caucusgoers. A recipe for great turnout!
Great work Abigail ; John! See you in Iowa this weekend! 
 Klobuchar on recording linking Trump to Yovanovitch ouster: "For me, the most chilling part of this whole trial so far has b…
As said: “You know it's not going to stop...It's not going to stop unless the Congress does something about it.” This is about patriotism. It is about defending the Constitution. 
 Sanders has Warren has But has her flesh and blood! The senator's daughter is stumping in Iowa a…
Like I’ve said, is proof that women can win big — I’m looking forward to hearing her speak to the nation. 
I’m a mom. I can do two things at once! 
People make tough decisions all the time when they’re in office. plea to our Republican colleagues was that right matters, truth matters. You're in the Senate because you're supposed to protect our Constitution. 
 plans to pass the  act because all issues talked about on the debate stage aren't going to be abl…
Thanks Jackie for hosting a hotdish house party with our daughter Abigail last night! Looks like a fun night ; cute dogs (Stella pictured here).This is what grassroots campaigning is all about— going everywhere, meeting people where they are, and talking plans over hotdish. 
  to “I think that Iowa is a state where people believe in democracy…They care about a fair…
I’m honored to have you on our team in New Hampshire, And you’re right — we’re going to need someone with a lot of grit to defeat Donald Trump. Thanks for your support! 
State Rep. is a leader in New Hampshire and the Indian-American community. She understands what it takes to meet the challenges of our day and ensure everyone has a seat at the table. Honored to have her endorsement! 
To my Republican colleagues: at some point all of this evidence is going to come out. Do you want to be part of this cover up?This will be your legacy. 
Congratulations on your first front page, Abigail! 
In America, right matters. Truth matters. A powerful closing by
 Before yesterday's impeachment trial, spoke with and about t…
From Brooklyn, New York to Brooklyn, Iowa! Thanks for hitting the trail, Abigail. Keep up the good work! 
Thanks Rep. for spreading the good word about our campaign in Iowa! 
Last night I spoke to 12,000 Iowans on our statewide tele-town hall to discuss how we’ll get our country back on the path of progress. Like I said, I can do two things (and be in two places) at once! 
I’m honored to have the most Iowa legislative endorsers in the field. These incredible leaders like are helping me campaign on the ground and are connecting with their neighbors and building our support just before the caucus. 
 Tonight, AROUND THE TABLE with Senator Amy Klobuchar.The economy's "not working for everyone," Sen. Klobuchar says during…
Heading back to impeachment hearing. This isn’t about what senators are eating or writing on. Want something “interesting?” Where are the witnesses? Where are the documents? To our republican colleagues: the facts are facts. You’ve got a problem. It’s called the Constitution.
 Sen. Klobuchar: "We're not just jurors sitting in a jury box. We're there because of the people that sent us to Washington and t…
United States Senators don’t serve at the pleasure of the President. We answer to the power of the people. And the people, they want witnesses, they want evidence. They want a trial, not a mockery of a trial.
I did...not come close to that today. -AB 
Ended the night with Iowa Hawkeye Dems! Thanks everyone who met with me today to talk about the changes my mom will make as President. I truly believe she can bring this country together. With your help, we’re ready to take on Donald Trump—and win big. -AB 
If you’re wondering, yes we did discuss the intricate differences between a hot dish and a casserole.  -AB 
Mom I’ve got this! -AB 
Great meeting with college Democrats at and 
Thx for the update, mom! -AB 

Yes, mom, I heard. (Thanks and -AB 
...but maybe not the moment after when I hugged her and accidentally gave her a face full of snow. (Are you regretting giving me your Twitter yet?) -AB 
You may have seen me at my mom’s announcement in the blizzard... 
Abigail here! My mom is in D.C. today, so I’ll be taking over her Twitter account as I travel across Iowa. We’ve got a lot planned, so make sure to follow along... -AB
I had bipartisan election security legislation ready to go last year. The reason it didn’t move forward? The White House stopped it from advancing. That is unacceptable. 
A rave review! 
My full 100 day plan for America won’t fit in our NEW TV AD, but we gave it a go! (And if you want to read the FULL plan, you can find it here:  
On January 22, 1973, the Supreme Court decided Roe v Wade.47 years later, there are still coordinated attacks, particularly in state legislatures, on women's health. We will fight attempts to turn back the clock, and we will codify Roe into law.
At 1:30 a.m. after a bunch of votes to stifle key witnesses the Republicans just voted down having Justice Roberts decide the witnesses! Why have this job if you're not going to protect the Constitution? We are sworn to protect our democracy, not serve the President’s interests.
This is what grassroots campaigning looks like: John, Abigail, Rep. Rep. AND will all be in Iowa this week. Join them:  
This is what happens when you yell, but don't listen, in the Senate chambers. She said "FOIA lawsuits." Pay attention. 
You can't have a trial with zero witnesses and zero documents. That is not how this works. 
31 counties in Iowa voted for Barack Obama and then voted for Donald Trump. To shut people out in this election is wrong. If we can bring people with us, we can win big. 
No. This is my constitutional duty. And I can do two things at once. 
If we cannot vote — we cannot speak. 
Thanks Rita for your support!  Good seeing you this weekend in Davenport. 
Proud to add 3 Iowa legislative endorsements today:Reps. Chris Hall of Sioux City ;Monica Kurth of Davenport, ; Sen. Rob Hogg of Cedar Rapids. Our campaign started in the snow and, as always, we emerge from every blizzard stronger than before it started (yes, that’s a metaphor): 
10 years ago, the Supreme Court ruled that special interest cash could flood our campaign finance system. Being a public servant should be about having the best ideas and experience—not the biggest bank account.We need to take back our democracy and overturn Citizens United.
 Iowa state Sen. Rob Hogg, who has held a series of climate conversations with all of the 2020 candidates, announces he’s su…
Ending the day with a great event tonight in Mason City. Iowans -- we are just two weeks away from the caucus! In this last stretch, just  and commit to caucus! 
 Sen. "If we cannot vote, we cannot speak."  
Thank you and for hosting a great block party in Des Moines yesterday! Through the services you provide, from substance abuse treatment to mental health programs, you are giving hope and opportunity to those in need. Honored to meet you all. 
Congratulations to members in St. Louis County for reaching a tentative agreement that both parties can be proud of.  
I was honored to speak at King Day at the Dome in South Carolina this morning. Dr. King's mission is still our mission today: we are on a march for justice and we will not stop until we have a democracy that works for all. 
We must heed the words of Dr. King, that we are all “tied in a single garment of destiny.  Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly.” On  we remember his message and continue the fight for justice.
 “No, Mr. President, there are not ‘many sides’ to blame when one side is the Ku Klux Klan,” says. “There is…
 
Beginning today in church for King Day at Zion Baptist Church in SC. Faith is needed at this juncture in our nation’s history. We must, in King’s words, be drum majors for justice. We reflect on his life and pay tribute to his enduring legacy of progress by continuing his work.
An honor! 
We had a great event in Marion this morning (at a Vikings bar!) and had so many supporters sign commit to caucus cards and sign up to volunteer with our campaign! Thanks to Rep Sen and everyone that joined us! 
 quotes  “We’re all tied in one single garment of destiny.” Then says “When voter discrimination happens,…
 “I have committed that  will be the first bill that I get through as President of the United States.” — 
Happy Birthday,
This is why we need to pass my legislation that protects our elections.This is why the work of is so important.Our democracy is being undermined and we must protect it. 
Thank you Senator for leading  at the Women’s March in Reno, Nevada yesterday!We’re ready to beat Trump and win big in 2020. 
 — thank you for sharing your story. Our nation is better because of powerful leaders like you who are willing to lead by example. 
Spent yesterday in Clinton ; Davenport, Iowa talking about my plan for progress ; practical change. Thanks to my elected supporters Rita Vargas, ; all who came out in the cold. The caucus is just over 2 weeks away ; we want you on our team!  
If we want to make progress in our country, we don’t just need to beat Donald Trump. We need to keep the House, flip the Senate and win back more state legislatures.We need a nominee who will lead the whole ticket to victory.Chip in to help us win big:  
Happy today to receive the endorsement of the Quad City Times, which covers Eastern Iowa ; Western Illinois. And I was most honored by what they said: Editorial: Klobuchar is the one 
Our daughter Abigail is campaigning in New Hampshire this weekend with our incredible group of organizers. Here she is ending the day at a house party in Manchester. Thanks, Abigail! 
Donald Trump has undermined America's standing in the world. In my first 100 days, I will rebuild our relationships and restore the trust between America and our closest allies. 
Thanks to everyone who braved the cold ; spent the afternoon with us in Johnson County, including Melissa Fath, IA Senator Kevin Kinney, ; her granddaughter Alaska! Groups like this are why I know we are building a coalition that’s ready to win big in 2020. 
The  is a good time to remember the journey that we’re on. The day after Trump’s Inauguration, millions of people marched across the country. Then, 6,000 women signed up to run for office. We're finally starting to see more women in power— let's keep going. 
Evelyn is incredibly brave for sharing her story. By speaking out, she is helping lead the fight for a more just and equitable world. 
 Here’s some Midwestern grit! ❄️Flying to Minneapolis in a blizzard❄️Holding a rally at the legendary in a bliz…
 Standing o as enters. She says ‘I can’t believe we’re all here, the snow couldn’t keep you away!’AK int…
I’ve visited all 99 counties in Iowa (including Howard County on the Minnesota border). 31 flipped from Obama to Trump, but our campaign isn’t writing anyone off or leaving anyone behind. We can win here again. 
Thank you Strong unions and public schools are the backbone of our country. Coming from a union family, I understand that. As President, I’ll help keep them strong. 
 We are thrilled to add another endorsement for Thank you Rep. for all of the support! 
Good idea but they wouldn’t allow snowmobiles on I-35W...But we did drive down to Des Moines last night in the middle of the snow after our early vote rally in Mpls, got in at 2 a.m. and I’m ready to go! 
Almost a year after our launch in the blizzard, here we are on the first day of voting in a blizzard again!Thanks ; all who came out for our  rally at Let's take that grit to the polls and win big! 
Minnesota! After a history of caucusing, we'll hold our first presidential primary in nearly 30 years! Today is the first day you can cast your ballot and early vote (and there’s a familiar name on the ballot)!Find out more info here:   
I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again: this is just a poll tax by another name. As President, I will fight to restore the Voting Rights Act and stop this and other attempts at voter suppression. 
As the daughter of a union teacher, I believe education is one of the best investments we can make in our future.I'm proud to have the backing of these legislators. As President, we'll stand together in supporting our teachers, students ; public schools. 
 "I'm a mom. I can do two things at once."Senator is not worried about stepping away from campaign for S…
I stand in solidarity with the Teamsters members striking in Duluth, MN. These members work hard and deserve what they’ve earned.   
I have a bill to stop “pay for delay” deals where Big Pharma is — in effect — paying the makers of cheaper generic drugs to keep their products off the market. There are two pharma lobbyists for every member of Congress. They think they own Washington— they don’t own me. 
JUST IN: Our campaign is on the rise and in double digits in New Hampshire! 
What a fired up crowd! Thanks to everyone who came out for our  party in Des Moines. 
Of course, Matt! We followed your blizzard forecasts around our campaign launch! 
When we meet people where they are and bring them with us, we win big. When we win big up and down the ticket, we make progress for our country. 
I was just sworn in for the impeachment trial of Donald Trump. One principle will guide me in carrying out this constitutional duty: In America, the President is not king, the law is king.
OK this is ridiculous. My list for McConnell ; Republicans:&gt;Please allow witnesses to testify&gt;Please read GAO ruling that Trump administration broke the law&gt;Please excuse me, I’m reading the 1st Amendment of the Constitution&gt;Please take your stranglehold off our democracy 
As I told last night—I’ve won every single race, every place, every time—and my Republican opponents have all left politics for good.With who we have in the White House, that sounds pretty nice right now. 
Let’s talk about what’s real. We should:Build on the Affordable Care Act.Take on Big Pharma.Invest in long-term care, combat addiction and address mental health. 
Great to see the talented (of Cannon Falls, MN!) and her band last night for 
Catch me tonight on at 1135CT/1235ET! 
We are in a climate crisis. We need action, not denial. 
We should not restrict press access during the impeachment trial. Period. 
 Amy Klobuchar: "A woman can win the White House. A woman can beat Donald Trump. And I think that's the fundamental issue t…
I’ll never forget touring a closed biodiesel plant in Crawfordsville, IA when the last worker brought out a rack of uniforms and said, “These are my friends, they don't work here anymore.”Real people have been hurt by Donald Trump’s trade war. I'll always stand with farmers. 
Reminder: The Affordable Care Act is now ten points more popular than Donald Trump. We should be building on it, not tearing it down. 
 "Yeah, there's a double standard for women in politics, but I'll make it," says Sen. about whether a woman can wi…
Donald Trump thinks this is all about him. I think it’s about you— your health care, your schools, your lives and your future.If you are tired of the extremes in our politics and the noise and nonsense, you have a home with me. Join me:  
I am going to be able to stand across from Donald Trump on that debate stage and say to my friends in Iowa: the Midwest is not flyover country for me. I live here. 
If our Republican colleagues won’t allow those four witnesses in the impeachment trial, they may as well give the President a crown and a scepter.The last time I checked, our country was founded on this idea that we didn't want to be ruled by a king.  
 Sen. Amy Klobuchar: If Republicans don’t allow witnesses in Pres. Trump’s impeachment trial, they might as well give him a crown…
Some of our colleagues who want free college for all aren’t actually thinking big enough. We’re going to have a shortage of plumbers, not MBAs. Our money should go into K-12, free 1-2 year degrees and doubling Pell Grants — not sending rich kids to college.  
There are two pharma lobbyists for every member of Congress. They might own Washington, but they don't own me. Medicare should be allowed to negotiate for lower drug prices and as President I'll get this work done for the American people.  
 Here's the 100+ actions says she will take in her first 100 days: 
 Klobuchar: 'I have a plan. There are 137 things I have found that a president can do herself in the first 100 days that ar…
 "Progressive and practical": argues to improve on the Affordable Care Act rather than passing Medicare fo…
 “You have to have a plan and not a pipe dream — and you have to show how you’re gonna pay for it,” says on hea…
Every single person that I have beaten, my Republican opponents, has gotten out of politics for good. And I think that sounds pretty good with the guy we have in the White House right now. 
I will never forget going to this plant in Crawfordsville, Iowa. That plant had been shut down because of Donald Trump’s harmful trade policies— giving secret waivers to oil companies and ruining the Renewable Fuel Standard. I will stand with our farmers.  
On the first debate stage, when we were asked what we saw as the biggest threat to our world, I said Iran because of Donald Trump. I feared exactly what’s happening now. As President, I will prevent further escalation.  
Time and time again, you see that this President puts his own interests, his private interests in front of our country’s. I would put our country’s interests first as commander in chief. 
  answers a commander-in-chief question by describing what she asked in last week's briefing, starting with -- w…
Donald Trump got us out of the Iranian nuclear agreement. As President, I will get us back into that agreement, I will take an oath to protect and defend our Constitution, and I will mean it.
Here we go! Tune in now for tonight’s 
When you win an election, it’s not just a personal victory or a tally for yourself. It’s a victory for your state. It’s a victory for your country. It’s about who you can bring with you ; what you get done when you get there. 
Take it from legendary fighter Iowa Senator — she’ll be caucusing for me on February 3rd and I hope you will too! 
We need a nominee who understands that being at the top of the ticket means leading the whole ticket to victory. I don’t just want to win— I want us to win big. 
Thanks Abigail! Looking forward to the debate tonight! 
Russia launched a sophisticated information war to divide our country and destroy America’s confidence in our political system. Yet Republicans refuse to take up my election security legislation.Unacceptable.
Couldn't do this without you, Britta! 
As I said in Nevada, we need a big coalition to defeat Donald Trump. I’ve won every race I've run (in a purple state) by double-digit margins because I bring people with me.A candidate at the top of the ticket should do just that — not shut them out.
We can cross the river of our divides as a country, but to do that we have to build bridges. Here's what I'd do as President: 
There is a lot of talk today about if a woman can beat Donald Trump.  As I said on the debate stage, Nancy Pelosi does it every day.  Our campaign is on the rise. Join us at 
I will miss my friend Cory Booker so much on the campaign trail. We were friends before this started and are even better friends now. The one thing about Cory—he never stops standing up for what is right...so, the best is yet to come! 
Our daughter Abigail mapped out our travels across Iowa since we launched this campaign nearly a year ago and it's...well, you'll see... 
Thanks Lynn for being out there knocking doors in the snow! 
People should have the right to peacefully protest in any country, including Iran.
A great crowd here on Sunday in Perry, Iowa! We’re 22 days from the Iowa Caucus and Democrats here are fired up about winning big in this fight for decency in our country. Let’s get this done! 
 👋 Hey there from our standing room only town hall in Perry, IA! on her record of winning and bringing pe…
We have a President who puts his own private and partisan interests in front of the interests of our country. If Donald Trump claims he should be exonerated, then why won’t he let just four witnesses come and testify? 
My grandfather was an iron ore miner and a Teamster. My mom was a union teacher. My dad was a union newspaperman.I will always fight for the dignity of work ; right to organize — it’s how we lift people up. 
We ended our 99 Iowa County Day of Action yesterday with a town hall in Fort Dodge! Thank you to all our staff, surrogates, door-knockers and phone-bankers who came out—our grassroots campaign is what it is because of you. 
  is meeting caucus-goers where they are! This is how we build  Special shout out to for…
 A great kickoff always includes Gavin 🐶 Thanks so much   and our wonderful volunteers! 
I don’t come from money ; I don’t have a political machine.But I do have so many supporters who have helped us run this campaign the grassroots way— by going everywhere, meeting people where they are, and bringing them in to win big.Thanks for your incredible work! 
I'm grateful for the leadership of President D. Taylor ; Secretary-Treasurer Geo Argüello-Kline.They’re leading the fight in defending the right to organize, strengthening our unions ; making sure workers’ voices are heard. America is better for it. 
I am so honored to have Cam on our team. As President, I’ll continue to do the hard work for Cam, her family and every American. 
We're one month away from the New Hampshire primary today! This campaign has grown so much since we started ; it’s all thanks to grassroots supporters like you. Now is the time to get involved. Volunteer, phone bank ; help us get out the vote to win big: 
Purple sky in the morning; Purple win in the afternoon. Skol 
Great to be with this morning! They helped paint Nevada blue ; we need to stand with our workers now more than ever.As President, I’ll bring one clear but simple guide to the White House: When unions are strong, America is strong. 
I’m proud to have the support of more current ; former Iowa legislators than any other candidate in this race.They know the hard work of democracy is finding what we have in common ; getting things done for the people we serve.Hear from ; come caucus with us! 
 you are great to be up this early. It’s of course the best time to get things done! Thanks for coming down to Iowa in the snow for our 99 counties day of action! 
Thanks Janet.  This means a lot. 
The sleet started coming down in Ottumwa, Iowa but that didn't stop us! ⛄️ Thanks to everyone who came to our town hall! 
Great dinner with these incredible women this week. They are trailblazers who have dedicated their lives to bettering our democracy.Thank you and for all you do! 
 I enjoyed our talks on the campaign trail. Thanks for reminding everyone about the power of love. 
In Cedar Rapids, IA today talking about my plan to protect equal rights ; provide opportunity for people with disabilities. We need a President who will take action to ensure a better life for millions of Americans with disabilities. Read more here:  
My answers to questions on Iran, the Administration's briefing, and the need for authorization for military force: 
When I was first elected to the Senate, my number one ask was to be on the Agriculture Committee. Since then, I’ve led the fight to support our farmers and rural communities.The Midwest isn’t flyover country to me, it’s home. 
As we kick off our Day Of Action in all of Iowa’s 99 Counties tomorrow, we are also kicking off a new ad focused on my work and the people we can help with a new President in the White House! 
Today I'm announcing a plan that will reduce long-term care costs, get caregivers financial relief, enforce equal rights for people with disabilities ; so much more. Read more here → 
The House vote to require the President to come to Congress to get any authorization for military action against Iran is an important step towards Congress upholding its Constitutional duties. We must use this moment to de-escalate instead of ramping up the rhetoric towards war.
NH Primary Source: Watch: Klobuchar recites 50 states in 30 seconds 
Facebook opposed my bipartisan Honest Ads Act for months, came around only after everything blew up, opposed many privacy leg. proposals ; now say they won’t do anything about ad truthfulness without regulation. Just another reason I want to be President.  
 Another new  endorsement for From yesterday’s Keene Sentinel &gt;&gt; Longtime Walpole state rep endorses…
 NH Primary Source: Retired Brig. Gen. Kevin Ryan of Easton endorses    
SCIENCE = FACTS = TAKE ACTION NOW: Earth posts second-hottest year on record to close out our warmest decade 
Some good advice to our Republican colleagues from ⚖️ 
Over the course of our campaign, I’ve visited all 99 counties in Iowa. Now, with your help, our team is going to do it all again in just one day. Sign up to join our 99 County Day of Action virtual phone bank here!
We need to use this moment to work with our allies to de-escalate this conflict and ensure the safety of our servicemembers and Americans in the region. 
We must work with our allies to de-escalate the situation while ensuring the safety of Americans in the region.
As we await the casualty assessment from tonight’s attacks, it is vital that we take this moment to consider any response. A full-blown war with Iran is not in the national security interest of the U.S. or allies in the region.
Closely monitoring what is happening in Iraq. We must do all we can to protect our servicemembers and Americans at risk.
We need a leader in 2020 who can bring people together.A leader who can not only turn out our base, but bring in Independents and moderate Republicans.That’s what I’ve done every race. That’s what it’ll take to beat Trump.Want to win big? Join us:  
Mis pensamientos y oraciones están con nuestros compatriotas de Puerto Rico y con las familias afectadas por el terremoto. Esta administración debe proporcionar todo recurso y ayuda necesarios sin demora.
My thoughts are with Puerto Rico and our fellow Americans affected by this earthquake. The administration must provide all needed disaster relief without delay.
John Bolton Mick Mulvaney Robert Blair Michael Duffey  All of them must testify. 
 Klobuchar vows to renew US leadership around the world 
As commander in chief, I will govern with sanity. 
In 2019, Democrats in the House passed hundreds of bills, but Mitch McConnell has refused to act.If we want to move our country forward, we don’t just need to beat Trump.We need to keep the House. We need to flip the Senate. We need to win big. 
 Amy Klobuchar’s greatest strengths are her understanding of how to beat Republicans, her ability to persuade voters differe…
Even Richard Nixon allowed his top people to come forward and speak. Why would President Trump be blocking his top people from telling the truth?John Bolton must testify.
The President should be focused on preventing the situation from escalating and taking all steps to protect U.S. personnel and our allies in the region - not sending inflammatory tweets.
Threatening to target cultural sites anywhere is beneath the values of the United States and should be beneath the dignity of any President - but not this one.
It was great to meet you in New Hampshire, Joe! 
Iran’s moving forward with a nuclear weapon is a direct result of feckless foreign policy decisions by the President, like taking us out of the landmark Nuclear agreement. The world is much less safe but oh it must feel good to say it at his rallies.  
No they are not: Trump claims his tweets are sufficient notice to Congress that U.S. may strike Iran 
 Organization and energy on the ground count for a lot in a caucus state, and Amy Klobuchar has both, writes
Happy 92nd birthday to my friend former VP Walter Mondale! You have given me wise counsel for many years, with more to come! 
Skol This time it was Cousins to Thielen, but we did it! On to San Francisco. So proud of our team. 
 /Saints going into OT.  I am reliving many Vikings/Saints matchups of the past.  I want this one to end like the 2018 Diggs miracle catch game.  (I was there for that).
Thanks, Randi! I’m running for every teacher, student, dreamer, worker, farmer and builder. I’m running for every American. I think people want a President who will stand with them and have their backs. As President, I’ll do just that. 
The job of the commander in chief is to keep the American people safe. Tweeting out threats to go to war doesn’t do that. 
Thanks for introducing me at our office opening in Las Vegas Assemblywoman  ! Had a great day with our team in Nevada, including events in Reno and rural Douglas County. 
A truly historic day. Speaker Pelosi shows our nation what strong leadership is all about. 
Our last stop today: Las Vegas! With two women US Senators and the first women-majority state legislature, Nevada has led the way in showing what women can do when they’re in charge.Join our NV team here!  
Great crowd here in Reno at with Lt. Governor and Dem Washoe County Chair are showing up because they're tired of the noise and nonsense— they want a leader they can trust. As President, I will restore trust in our government. 
When I run, I don’t just run for myself— I run to lead the whole ticket to victory.It’s how we flipped the state House every time I led the ticket in MN.If you want to win up and down the ballot, join our team and volunteer today:  
Good morning Minden, Nevada!   Making our way across the Silver State today, starting w/ a packed house in rural Douglas County (where the mountains are as big as their hearts)! Thanks ; for joining us as we spread our message of unity to win big in 2020 
What a year! Since announcing my candidacy for President, we’ve covered a lot of ground, and we couldn’t have done it without all of your support. Thanks for being on this journey with us! 
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight in Cedar Rapids, IA! Special thanks to my friends Rep. Sen. Todd Taylor, Sen. Sen. and former Sen. Your support is what makes this campaign special! 
Heartbreaking and unacceptable. We have to pass universal background checks, reinstate the assault weapons ban and pass my bill to close the boyfriend loophole.There is no time to waste.
Just spoke with the people in Waterloo, Iowa to deliver a clear message: When I am President, I will restore sanity to our foreign policy. I will lead with integrity, and I will be a President for all of America. 
Whether it’s passing 100 laws or standing up to partisan Supreme Court nominees, I’ve always known that you do a job no matter how hard it is.Our job now is to elect someone who will fix the mess Donald Trump created.I’m ready for that fight.Watch our new ad: 
This is why we need to win up and down the ticket. We need Congress to codify Roe v. Wade into law.
I'm incredibly grateful to all our grassroots supporters who helped us raise $11.4 million this quarter (twice as much as we have ever raised in a single quarter before), and we just hit double digits in a national poll! Help us keep this momentum going: 

Thanks Rep. Council Member Rhonda Martin (candidate for Iowa State Senate!) and the 500+ Iowans for being here tonight in Johnston, Iowa to talk about uniting this country so we can win big in 2020. By the looks of things, the New Year is off to a great start. 
Tomorrow, Tamika Montgomery-Reeves will be sworn in as Delaware’s first African American Supreme Court Justice.Another shattered glass ceiling and our democracy is better for it. Congratulations, Justice Montgomery-Reeves!
 Asked by whether she needs more celebrity endorsers who could be a surrogate for her in Iowa  is com…
My mom taught in public school until she was 70 years old.My daughter went to public school and so did I.All children should have the right to a quality education. As President, I promise to fully support our teachers and public schools.
In Sioux City, Iowa at with Rep. today talking about issues important to Americans everywhere: long-term care, mental health and workforce training. We need a President who can get things done, make progress, and deliver real results. 
breaking: Duffey Email says: “Clear direction from POTUS to continue to hold” aid to Ukraine. We need him as a witness to testify and Mitch McConnell has no excuse.  
Our grassroots campaign is fueled by people like you! Help Dominic (and me!) by signing up to volunteer and phone bank. Sign up here (or DM Dominic!):  
Back in Iowa today and we are down to the wire with only 32 days left to go until the Iowa Caucus! Registering for the caucus and being to your precinct location on time are incredibly important. Save yourself some time by registering in advance: 
Julián brought a bold vision of justice and equality to this race. He puts people first and speaks up for the most vulnerable. I know he’ll continue to be a leader in the fight to better our democracy. 
We are in a climate crisis, but this administration refuses to act. We need a President who will do everything in her power to tackle this head on, and I’ll start on Day One. 
Outback Bowl Champions! Go Gophers!  
For the record, I spent 0 days on the golf course in 2019.
Woke up to a beautiful NEW Year in NEW Hampshire. We have come a long way since we announced this campaign in the middle of a Minnesota blizzard. Every day brings NEW friends and NEW ideas and reNEWed purpose to lead, to unite, and yes, to win. 
Happy New Year! 🎉 My resolution? Win Big in 2020!
   is the one to watch at this point." 👏 
 Our big end of quarter fundraising deadline is here!Thanks to your support, our grassroots campaign is stronger than ever.W…
NH TOWN HALL 7: Keene!Ended our three-day, 7 town hall swing with over 400 fired up Granite Staters and an endorsement from State Senator in Keene. Proud to have his support and enjoyed the warm welcome to the Monadnock Region. Happy New Year, onto 2020!  
 🚨🚨🚨 HUGE Endorsement for in New Hampshire today!   
It’s about time for some sanity in the White House.  
New Year’s Eve, 5 p.m.  Thanks Keene, New Hampshire!  And just wait for 2020! 
Donald Trump has made 15,413 false or misleading claims since taking office.Since day one, our campaign has been about telling the truth, being honest with people ; having their backs.If you're sick of the lies, join us. Donate: 
NH TOWN HALL 6: Claremont! Honored to be endorsed and introduced by Speaker Pro Tempore Lucy Weber with this great crowd here at on a beautiful, snowy afternoon.  
Gerrymandering undermines our democracy. After the Supreme Court declined to outlaw partisan gerrymandering this year, I introduced the Redistricting Reform Act to help end partisan gerrymandering once ; for all. People come before political parties.
In 2016, Donald Trump nearly won Minnesota.In 2018, I flipped back 42 Trump counties and won the state by 24 points.In 2020, we need a candidate who has a proven ability to win everywhere.If you’re ready to win big ; defeat Donald Trump, donate now:  
Over 400 bills passed by the House — the majority of which are bipartisan — are sitting on Mitch McConnell’s desk. The only way we change that is by winning big and taking back the Senate. 
NH TOWN HALL 5: Littleton!Wonderful to be back in Littleton, home of some of my favorite NH landmarks—the world’s longest candy counter, the famed and one of New Hampshire’s most beautiful covered bridges. Thanks everyone for coming out! 
Our grassroots campaign is on a roll! We’re traveling through sleet ; snow to meet voters on our “Seven New Hampshire Town Halls To The New Year” tour, but we need YOU to chip in. Can you help us reach our end of year goal by Tuesday night?Donate here:  
NH TOWN HALL 4: Gorham!Even in a blizzard, Gorham turned out! ❄️ I felt right at home today. This grit and commitment from Granite Staters to bettering our democracy is what we need to defeat Donald Trump next year.  
We started this campaign in the middle of a blizzard on the Mississippi River. No political machine and no corporate PACs— just support from thousands of grassroots donors across the country. Help us go into 2020 strong:  
John and Abigail and I had a wonderful time at our staff holiday party last week. Hannah McDonald of our team captured intrepid and always frugal communications manager—salvaging the “AMY” balloons when it was done. Leave no balloon behind! 
Seven New Hampshire town halls before the New Year! Come out and join us as we talk about moving our country forward together.  
Donald Trump: failing to deliver on his promises. Who saw that coming?   
NH TOWN HALL 3: Conway!Wrapped up the first day of our swing with a packed house of New Hampshire Dems who are ready to restore decency and sanity to the White House.As your President, I will keep my promises and lead with integrity. 
My heart goes out to the people whose lives will be forever changed because of the shooting today in Fort Worth, Texas.Every day there are horrific acts of gun violence in this country. We have to stop this and enact gun safety legislation.
If there is one person who embodies what it means to be a fighter — it's John Lewis.I know he will battle this diagnosis with the same strength and courage he has carried himself with over the course of his life. John, Abigail and I are praying for you and your family. 
NH TOWN HALL 2: Wolfeboro! What a crowd.Honored to be introduced by Rep. Edie DesMarais. She was the first Democrat in more than 100 years to be elected in this town and she knows the importance of winning big up and down the ballot. We’re ready to go in 2020! 
NH TOWN HALL 1: Dover! We kicked off our three-day, 7 town hall swing with over 500 fired up Granite Staters this morning.    From now until the New Year, we’re taking our town halls all across the state to meet people where they are. New Hampshire is ready to win big.  
Donald Trump continues to stifle science and halt critical research. As your President, I’ll listen to scientists, experts, and the facts.
Stop one in Dover!  Wow. 
As I said during my Dover town hall, this was a horrific act of anti-Semitic violence during a Hanukkah celebration in Monsey, New York last night. We must combat hate crimes in every form at every turn. They do not belong in America and must stop.
Starting off on our “Seven New Hampshire Town Halls To The New Year!”  The Countdown is on!  Here in Dover and then Wolfeboro, Conway, Gorham, Littleton, Claremont and Keene. Join us if you can, or follow us on line!
Unlike Donald Trump, I wasn’t given $413 million from my family.  But I know that when you are given opportunity, you don’t go through life with a sense of entitlement. You go through life with a sense of obligation. 
Here in Bettendorf, Iowa (with some fans)! This group came out and was energized on a Saturday night. It’s moments like this I know that we are ready to show up and  in 2020. 
We should be making it easier — not harder — for people to vote. Like I said during the debate, I will take action to protect voting rights and stop the voter purges. 
Time has flown by since our first event on the trail in Iowa! 99 counties later, we’re just 37 days away from the caucus.Here I am on that first visit with Abigail and our policy director, Rosa Po -- thanks for capturing the joy, 
Last night in Des Moines, we celebrated campaigning in all 99 Iowa counties.In 2020, we have a chance to defeat Donald Trump — and we can’t screw this up. And that all starts with bringing people with us to build a winning coalition.Full speech here: 
Devastating news this morning. Thinking of the victims ; families in Somalia and friends in the Minnesota Somali community -- the largest in the country. 
Wow, packed house here in Iowa City, Iowa today! We’re building a homegrown campaign, and we see it each and every day at events like this. Sign up to volunteer with us today:  
 Happy rainy Saturday morning! Standing outside because our Iowa City office is so jam packed with excitement for
Proud to call Dr Reatha Clark King a friend for 20+ yrs.From her work as the first African American woman chemist at Natl Bureau of Standards, to her years of service leading a large natl foundation ; her work w the Cong Black Caucus Foundation, she’s an inspiration to us all. 
As of yesterday, we have officially been to all 99 Iowa counties. Here’s a look at the grit of this campaign, by the numbers: 
This administration’s policies have been devastating for our farmers. These are hard-working Americans who are struggling to put food on their tables.  As President, I will stand up for our farmers and rural America. 
 On our first trip to Iowa, Amy told me she wanted to campaign in all 99 counties— just like she did for every Senate race in Mi…
  “Just imagine if we had a president who works to heal this country,” says. “...A president sets.…
We did it! We visited all 99 Iowa counties.I’m grateful to all who joined us on the road, came to our meet and greets, or hopped on our big green bus. Because of you, we’re ready to  
HAPPENING NOW: We’re celebrating hitting all 99 Iowa counties in Des Moines! My friends Des Moines ; rural Iowa Rep Andy McKean will join me in sharing my vision for uniting the country to defeat Donald Trump ; win big in 2020. Tune in: 
COUNTY 99: Humboldt! And with that, we have officially been to every county in the state of Iowa! Going everywhere and meeting people where they are isn’t just how I’ve run this campaign, it’s how I would govern as President. For all of America. 
COUNTY 98: We’re here in the nation’s one and only Kossuth County! I’m here spreading the message that I’ve got Iowa’s back—because the Midwest isn't flyover country, it's my home. 
Good morning, Estherville! A warm welcome today at our 97th county visit in Iowa. I'm going to all 99 counties because I don't want to be the President for half of America, I want to be the President for all of America. That means going everywhere ; meeting people where they are. 
"How close did Russia really come to hacking the 2016 election?" Too close.  I’ve led numerous bills to secure our elections but Republicans have blocked them, ignoring the threat to our democracy. Time to stop playing politics with election security. 
At the beginning of this campaign, I promised to go to every one of Iowa’s 99 counties because we need someone leading the ticket in 2020 who will go everywhere to build a winning coalition. Today we’re taking the green bus on the road ; getting it done. 
Continued thanks to all who have helped. This tragedy highlights why we need a new federal housing policy for this country, including more housing and getting rid of the section 8 backlog. I've included it in my Housing First Plan: 
Happy Kwanzaa to everyone celebrating this week! John, Abigail and I are sending warm wishes.
It’s true: We pay more in the United States for prescription drugs than Canada and many other countries. As a Senator, I've taken on the pharma companies. As President, I’ll work to lower drug prices in my first 100 days. 
Tomorrow we’ll be back in Iowa, taking the big green bus to three more counties and then celebrating in Des Moines that we’ve made it to all 99 Iowa counties...and met new friends in all of them! Come join us → 
We need someone heading up our ticket who has a track record of winning big and getting things done. If you’re ready to  in 2020, join us:  
We had major flooding in the Midwest this year and there are already warning signs of it happening again next spring. Denying the threat of climate change hurts not only communities on the coasts, but communities in the Midwest and all across America.
Christmas story: What a moment of community generosity ❤️ today when so many people donated supplies after Mpls. Drake hotel fire left 200 people (many of whom were already homeless) on their own. City has now found them temporary housing ; not asking for donations any more... 
The Boesl family of Millerville, MN is asking for help ; prayers today for a Christmas miracle for 11-year-old Alex who is in Minneapolis Children’s Hospital after he lost his dad ; uncle (both fire fighters) in a silo-related tragedy on their farm.  🙏 
And you are never too old for a new Christmas toy. From our family to yours, Merry Christmas!🎄 
Christmas Eve many years ago... Visited dad today ; it reminded me of the gift of Christmas joy passed on through the years. He was thinking of his time growing up long ago ; his parents. I was remembering Christmases w/him ; my mom ; sister. It is a time to thank those you love. 
John and Abigail and I wish you a Merry Christmas! 🎄(For description of the photos and the rest of the card, including a surprise snow globe on the back, click here  
. story on our big event in Sioux Falls, South Dakota: Amy Klobuchar: Trump is a 'whiner,' will hit 'beautiful blue wall' in Midwest 
Ok that was a long, hard and frustrating game.  Note to fans wondering about my allegiance to the despite Wisconsin primary: it will take a few days to get over that game but we will still see you in the playoffs...  ⬇️ 
OK let’s see some offense. Need some motivation to wrap these presents. A touchdown would do it. 🏈 🎁
Over the past few days we logged over 1,000 miles on our 27-county  bus tour across Iowa. We're meeting people where they are and bringing them with us to build a winning coalition in 2020. 
Stopped in Sioux Falls on our way home from IA— thanks for hosting (and for the great photo on the left!). I'm proud to be the first presidential campaign to visit South Dakota ; share our optimistic message — what a great end to the  tour! 
COUNTY 27: The 27th and final county on this tour — Lyon! Just had my first breakfast pizza with a bunch of Iowans on our big green bus. was right, this stuff is good!  
COUNTY 26: Osceola! Great sitting down with Iowans at Charlie's Bar, a thriving small business in Ashton that's become a popular spot in town since its opening 1 year ago. As President, I'll prioritize investing in rural communities so we can support businesses like Charlie's. 
As I said on the debate stage, you can be progressive and practical at the same time.
Welcome to the race 
COUNTY 25: O’Brien. A great group here came out and met us for breakfast at 7am! Lively breakfast and a great conversation. Thank you to O'Brien County Democrats Chair for welcoming us and all for sharing the issues important to those in your county. 
COUNTY 24: Cherokee! Wrapped up Day 3 of our 27 County Bus Tour (over 1,000 miles logged JUST today!) with a tour of the Sanford Museum ; Planetarium. Thank you to the wonderful museum staff for showing me around. Cherokee County is lucky to have this resource!  
COUNTY 23: Calhoun! Good to warm up tonight with cocoa on the bus! The Calhoun County Democrats are a happy bunch, especially little Elle! Thank you for coming out and sharing the issues important to all of you.  
COUNTY 22: Great meet and greet with people in Sac County! We covered all things rural — rural hospitals, big oil waivers from the Trump admin and infrastructure. These are the issues people are talking about here and addressing them is how we’re going to win big in 2020. 
COUNTY 21: Ida County! Here at Old Town Vineyard ; Winery, a family-owned ; operated business. And we got a nice  sunset as our 2nd day on the road nears an end!  
COUNTY 20: Monona! Marilyn and James hosted our campaign to discuss agriculture and the rural economy at their family farm in Onawa. It’s time we have a President who stands with our farmers and ranchers. Donald Trump has delivered them nothing but broken promises. 
COUNTY 19: Crawford! We’re making our way across Iowa and visiting every county. In each town I hear new stories and that’s why I’ll be a President  I’ll go everywhere, listen and bring people with me. 
Happy Hanukkah to all those celebrating and Chag Urim Sameach from my family to yours!
COUNTY 18: Audubon! I’m here not only visiting Iowans, but also Albert, the World’s Largest Bull! I have now visited the world’s largest bull in Iowa, the world’s largest strawberry in Strawberry Point, and also in my home state the largest ball of twine! Big things ahead... 

 COUNTY 17: Shelby! Shout out to for recommending It’s as good as you say it is and the team here is even better! Thanks to the owners, Dan ; Ellen, for having us! 
 COUNTY 16: Harrison County! Good morning from Logan, Iowa. Needed that cup of coffee from Bunkhouse Cafe Too to start the day… hitting another 9 counties today!  
Wayne.Decatur.Clarke.Union.Ringgold.Adams.Taylor.Page.Fremont.Pottawattamie.We’re going everywhere, talking to everyone and never leaving a red or rural town behind. That’s what it means to run  
We hit 10 Iowa counties yesterday!We are meeting people where they are on our 27-county  bus tour across Iowa. My message: if you grow up in rural America, you should be able to stay in rural America and have an opportunity to get ahead. 
Bangs. Glued.Thanks You played a good me. 
COUNTY 15: Ended last night in Council Bluffs, Iowa with energized Dems ready to  Thanks Steve ; Chris for hosting, my friend for coming ; our great field team ; Jonah for being amazing organizers out here ; meeting people where they are. 
COUNTY 14: Visited Fremont County, our 84th Iowa county overall. People here know that they’ve got a home with me. Because I don’t want to be the President for half of America — I want to be the President  
COUNTY 13: A very Iowa welcome from the Page County Democrats -- homemade ham balls! The 83rd county we have visited in Iowa, with many more to come on this trip! Come meet us on the road →  
COUNTY 12: Just visited the Tinsel Tree Lane at the Taylor County Museum with their County Chair, Betty, and the cutest little reindeer (Charlie)!  
I’ve won: • every race • every place• every timeAnd like I made clear at the  — I’m ready to do it again. 
 While is barnstorming IA, her husband John Bessler is on the trail for her in Nevada, meeting with supporters…
COUNTIES 10 ; 11: Ringgold ; Adams. Visited one of Iowa’s many freedom rocks in honor of our veterans and then sat down with two small business owners at Primrose - their farm to table restaurant. Next time I’ll come back for dinner!  
COUNTY 9: Union County! And Malcolm here just gave me the Iowa “golden ticket” - a commit to caucus card signed by him!  
COUNTY 8: Thanks Sarah ; Steve, Clarke County Dems Co-Chairs ; everyone who came to Osceola, IA today to talk about infrastructure, affordable housing and so much more. From big cities to small towns, people want an optimistic economic agenda and an opportunity to succeed. 
COUNTY 7: Decatur! In Lamoni, Iowa (population: 2,300). We’re 43 days away from the Iowa caucus ; people are showing up because they know what it’s going to take to  we need to bring people with us, go everywhere ; leave no one behind.  
COUNTY 6: Started our morning in Wayne County, Iowa where I met Joanne. I learned we both had similar experiences with our 4th grade teachers: they told us to “speak up.” It’s all about finding your voice, ; I told Joanne I hope to see her in Washington one day.  
Good way to start my day! 
Andrea Jenkins  is an artist, poet, performer, nonprofit dir, parent, grandparent ; first openly transgender African-American woman elected to public office. Inspired by her leadership ; honored to stand with her in the fight for equality.
My favorite staff tweet from our marathon yesterday.  Thanks for your good spirit on the road. And I got that 🍺! 
Went straight from L.A. to Iowa. Back on the green bus today. Five stops yesterday, 10 today. Here’s a handy map. 
COUNTY 5: Ended the day in Centerville, Iowa! Let’s see...Last 24 hours: debate, post-debate, 4 a.m. wake up for morning interviews ; now we’ve taken our green bus to 5 Iowa counties. Good place to get some sleep! (And thanks everyone we raised $1 million online at same time)! 
COUNTIES 3 ; 4: Van Buren ; Davis. Stopped at Misty’s for a malt and then Sidelines Grill. People here know that it’s time to bring this country together. That’s what I’ll do: unite our country with an optimistic economic agenda and beat Donald Trump.  
 “I did the debate last night, I woke up at 4am, I did the morning shows, I went to 5 Iowa counties, and we raised $1 m…
COUNTY 2: In 2012, Jefferson County voted for President Obama to serve a second term.In 2016, they flipped and voted for Donald Trump.I'm here today making my case in 2020: we can and will win in rural America.  
27 counties. 4 days. COUNTY 1 on our  bus tour: Henry County, Iowa! Sharing my message from last night’s debate: what unites us is far stronger than what divides us and we must beat Donald Trump in 2020. 
BREAKING: We've raised $800,000 in online donations since last night's debate because of YOU! Now we're in Iowa on a 27 county  bus tour. Can you help us hit $1 million by the end of the day? Make a donation at  now! 
As President, I will lead the movement to automatically register every young person in this country to vote when they turn eighteen, fight back against gerrymandering, and build an agenda of economic opportunity. 
We need someone heading up the ticket that has been able to show that they can gather the support of moderate Republicans, Independents, as well as our fired up Democratic base.I have done it three times. I know how to win big. 
As I said in the debate, the President is not king; the law is. Americans deserve a President who will look out for working people and protect our democracy. I will be that President.
We need a leader who can bring people together. If you are tired of the extremes in our politics, the noise and the nonsense, you have a home with me. If you want a bigger tent and a wider coalition and longer coattails, join me — we will   
Wrapping up our  here in California — and the wave of support and enthusiasm we're seeing is AMAZING. Go to  now and join our grassroots campaign. 
Here's what I see when I look at this  stage: 
The way I look at it: if you want to cross a river over some troubled waters, you build a bridge, you don’t blow one up. And I think that we should build on the Affordable Care Act. 
I think you can be progressive and practical at the same time. That is why I favor a public option, which is a nonprofit option, and yes it does bring the cost down immediately for 13 million people and then we’ll expand coverage to 12 million people. 
I would be so proud to be the first woman President — but more than that, I want to be a President who gets things done and improves people's lives.  
What I see on this stage: Sen Warren's work on the CFPB, Vice President Biden’s work on getting funding for cancer research, Sen Sanders' work on the Veterans bill. I see what I’ve done — passed 100+ bills — including three farm bills. That matters. 
 
 "That is what unites us up here… campaign finance reform. That means passing a constitutional amendment to overturn Citiz…
I did not come here to listen to this argument. I came here to make a case for progress — that means passing a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United. 
Thank you for asking a woman this question. 
 "He quit.  America doesn't quit"  argues that's the most important takeaway about Trump's reaction to world…
There’s an Ojibwe saying that great leaders make decisions not for this generation but seven generations from now. This President doesn’t keep his decisions for seven minutes. We need bold action on the climate crisis NOW.  
 Klobuchar: “We strive for a more perfect union. That means that everyone can vote, and that includes our communities of colo…
 Thank you for raising voting rights. We agree. “You shouldn’t lose your right to vote. Let’s stop the purging. Let…
 After Warren talks about fighting corruption, Klobuchar jumps in. "The way we tackle this corruption is by winning big…
Every time you hold something in your hand that says “Made in America,” it is the ingenuity of our workers, it is the quality of a product, it is the quality of our workers, and it is the hopes and dreams of the American people. 
Let me make the case to the American people. As a wise judge said, the President is not king in America. The law is king. 
This is it! The debate is happening right now — tune in to your local station, or go to  to watch me share my vision  
Thank you Mayor CA and Pres for joining me at to share my Housing First plan to combat poverty ; ensure economic justice for all. 
We must do everything we can to combat poverty ; ensure economic justice for all — it begins w/ making sure all Americans have access to safe ; affordable homes. As President, I'll invest over $1 trillion in housing ; poverty reduction. Here’s my plan: 
Seriously?  Thanks for standing up for the memory of your late great husband,  : After Trump suggests John Dingell is in hell, Rep. Debbie Dingell says: ‘My family’s still hurting’ 
Abigail wanted to make sure I was prepared for the jump from chilly Minnesota to balmy Los Angeles for the debate… so my Christmas presents came early!Always looking out for me. Thanks, Abigail 😎 
The Founding Fathers included impeachment provisions in the Constitution because they feared that a President could betray the trust of the American people to a foreign power.Today, the House is fulfilling their constitutional obligation. No one is above the law.
Coach Fry is a Hawkeye legend (my dad reported on the Gophers during his tenure). He endeared himself to Iowans ; Big 10 fans w/hard work, grit, humor ; always brought a fight to the field (including during a snowstorm). His family, friends, players ; fans will miss him.
Thanks 
Everyone should be able to retire w/ peace of mind. That's why I've got a retirement savings plan that would have employers put money in a portable retirement acct for every hour worked. And it can build more than $600k in savings. Read my full plan here:
Excited to get back up on the debate stage tomorrow night! After each debate, our campaign’s momentum only gets bigger and bigger — donate to our homegrown campaign and help us spread my message far and wide: 
John was a friend of our family and here’s a wonderful tribute to his life, including the Superman shirt and the “sky dive” the day before he died.  Thinking of Judy and the Borger family tonight...Remembering John Borger, a media champion 
Thank you to IA State Senator and ranking member on the Agriculture and Judiciary committees Kevin Kinney for your endorsement and your dedication to the people of Iowa — we’re building the momentum we need to win, in Iowa and across the country. 
Honored to have Mayor Carter's  endorsement and proud to work with him on the need for affordable housing.
“State Rep Rod Pimentel of Henniker says Sen Amy Klobuchar is the strongest Dem candidate to go against President Donald Trump...” I’ve won every race, every place, every time — that’s what we need to  in 2020. Thank you for your endorsement, Rod!
Americans deserve a President who gets things done — watch our NEW ad and join our homegrown campaign at  
Americans purchase millions of tickets each year and shouldn’t be forced to pay sky-high prices because of unchecked consolidation in a broken ticketing industry. I’ve called for accountability and I’m glad it’s happening.
Donald Trump trying to explain away Rudy Giuliani’s shady trips to Ukraine as an act of love — love of what, exactly? We know it wasn’t love of country.
A great group out door knocking yesterday! We’re always looking for more volunteers to go out on the doors and be a part of this grassroots team. Sign up here!  
For all the women out there: Thanks, Obama.
 A little snow isn’t going to slow down the  for in Northwest Iowa! 
This Friday we’re kicking off a  bus tour in Iowa! This time: 27 counties! We’re going everywhere. And the more places we go, the more our momentum builds — join us on the road!  
The Supreme Court should reinforce one simple American principle: no one, not even the President, is above the law. 
This is why I am committed to connecting every household in America to high-speed internet by 2022 — broadband creates jobs, opens new economic opportunities, and allows all communities in America to compete and succeed in an increasingly digital world.
“She is the candidate uniquely able to win in November.” Thank you for the support, Jeffrey in Portsmouth! 
Thank you for your endorsement, Assistant Minority Leader Steckman! Your work as a longtime educator and a representative for the people of northern Iowa is an inspiration to me. Honored to have your support! 
Donald Trump is pulling food support from over five million homes. This is just cruel.
“Other countries are waiting for the U.S. election.”This administration has alienated our allies (and on an issue that’s so critical), so they are literally waiting it out. For the sake of our climate and our standing in the world, we can’t afford to lose
Beautiful service for CWO2 James Rogers Jr. He came from a strong military family w/his dad, mom ; sister serving. So many MN guard members who loved him ;Sgt. Plantenberg ;CWO2 Nord, all tragically lost in a helicopter crash. Honored to be there w/James’ family ; friends today.
Very good Jessica!  Thanks for your help in the snow! ❄️ ☃️ 
As I said at the  this is about teachers, but also about respecting the dignity of work — from bus drivers to cafeteria workers. That means affordable childcare, a secure retirement, raising the minimum wage and supporting all those in our public education system 
Thnx Rosie, but it isn’t just me. When I saw we’re up to 10% in Iowa ; today 5% nationally in Fox poll—close or tied w/others who have SO much more💰than us—I thought of one thing: our super⭐️ staff ; volunteers out even in 🥶 ; ❄️ ; on-line 😎 supporters  
This is a great and necessary tool — let’s build on this by enforcing mental health parity, expanding access to treatment, and investing in research. Read my full plan here: 
Thanks  I’m a fan and this is nice! 
We need to fight for policies that respect the dignity of work. It’s what I’ve fought for in the Senate — it’s what I’ll do as President.
Thanks Dean. (And stay tuned!) 
 We can't dismantle racial injustices in public education without addressing the systemic problems that exist within our school…
Thanks Hope you make it home tonight! 
Spoke at the  today and shared my vision for  and opportunity for all. Public education runs in my family — my mom taught 2nd Grade until she was seventy! And yes, she loved butterflies. 
It’s true! Our campaign is gaining momentum the grassroots way — person by person, county by county. You can help us out by making a donation at  
Sandy Hook happened 7 years ago. That’s another 7 years w/o real progress on preventing gun violence. It’s an injustice to the children and teachers killed, their families ; all of those whose lives have been cut short or forever altered by gun violence. We must take action now.
Thanks for your leadership on education issues in Miami and for joining us for the forum on workers in the gig economy. And see it isn’t that cold in Pittsburgh! 
“As the holiday season approaches, we are reminded of all who seek refuge in Minnesota.” Thanks for reminding the President of the United States that “the inn is not full in Minnesota.” Refugees are a big part of MN our work force. 
Just finished a great roundtable on my plan for the future of work and the changing economy. Thank you to and for joining me! You can read more about my plan here:  
Thank you for your endorsement. “A leader with integrity” — coming from a storied leader in  that means a lot! 
Commemorating the founding of the National Guard (created in 1636) and honoring the memory of the three Minnesota Guardsmen we lost just a week ago. May we never take their service for granted.
As I said at my event with labor leaders here in Miami, I will not cross the picket line and I will stand with to fight for the dignity of work.
This year has already been tough for the hundreds of thousands of soybean farmers in America — and Donald Trump’s reckless trade war has made it worse. As President, I will stand up for our farmers and protect their livelihoods.
270 days. That’s how long the water was above the flood stage in Iowa. Climate change isn’t happening in a hundred years — it’s happening now. Americans deserve a President who will take immediate action.
Wherever we are, Minnesotans always find each other. Thanks Matt for all the work you do for your district and our state! 
FYI (given there was a lot going on, in case you missed my 5 R foreign policy speech last week): Amy Klobuchar knows how to wield foreign policy vs. Trump - The Washington Post 
Four more years of Donald Trump would permanently weaken our country and the world is watching us closely.We cannot afford to lose this election. 
Thanks for wearing that “grit” sweatshirt!  You are the best and fun to see you and our ace Iowa political director Jamie Woods in the photo! 
The shooter in Jersey City posted anti-Semitic writings online before killing six people. Hatred and violence go hand in hand — neither have a place in our society.
There are all kinds of places you can go for help.  
We need a new commander in chief.Someone who can command with stability and strength.Someone who can respond to the great challenges of our time.Someone who can stand with our allies, protect our interests and work to build a more just world. 
This is outrageous. Betsy DeVos is denying justice to over 200K students defrauded by for-profit colleges, making excuses for deceptive business practices instead of fixing problems. As President, my Education Dept will work FOR students, not against them.
"Let's change the tone here."That's what I had to say when Senate Republicans started insulting our intelligence community.Here’s what I shared on w/ O'Donnell last night: 
And we in Minnesota couldn’t be more proud of Lizzo — Entertainer of the Year!!  🎉🎉🎉
Congratulations to Greta Thunberg on earning Person of the Year. Her principled leadership and fearless advocacy are an inspiration.
Told you I can do two things at once! 
More John Deere layoffs will hit Iowa as a result of Donald Trump's destructive trade war. Hard-working Americans are bearing the brunt of his shortsighted economic policies. Our farmers and rural businesses deserve better than this.
 In two minutes of questioning, Amy Klobuchar demolishes Republican spin on FBI Russia probe report 
 The 5 Rs says the U.S. can take to address foreign policy challenges: Restoring American leadershipRepairing…
We need to reassert the American values that have always been at the heart of our foreign policy but this President has discarded.And that starts right here at home — we must stop the fear-mongering and the hate. We all live in the same country of shared dreams. 
Just questioned the DOJ Inspector General at the Judiciary Committee hearing. He made clear there was no political bias in opening the Russia investigation ; nothing contradicts the fact that Russia interfered in our election. We need to take action now to protect our elections.
As President, I will restore America’s leadership in the world, repair our alliances, rejoin int'l agreements, respond to global challenges/threats ; reassert American values.Sharing my foreign policy vision w/ now. Watch the livestream here 
I stand w/ fighting for fair wages for NH workers. Gov should follow the independent fact-finder report ; agree to a contract that shows Granite State workers the respect they deserve.I'm from a union family. As President I'll stand strong with unions.
What better way to announce we hit ten percent in Iowa poll than via the coach of the Olympic gold medal curling team.  He gets momentum...on the ice and off. And thanks to my “gold medal” campaign team! 
I don’t quite yet have $100 million for an ad buy this month but I could make up for it if you retweet this. Thanks everyone. And if you like it you can also help us out at  
No. 
I met Payton in Allamakee County this weekend and he made me this map of the United States! He told me all about how he’s going to visit every state someday. In the meantime, I’ll keep working on all 99 counties in Iowa. (Only 29 to go!) 
I’m proud to lead this fight in the Senate. Democracy only works when everyone’s voice is heard. 
Like I said to the When unions are strong, America is strong. 
As I told Yes, I would be the first woman president, but I don’t think that’s the reason to vote for me. I think the reason is that I have people’s backs. That I’m going to get things done and that I cannot just win but win big. 
This is about my provision in the bipartisan House-passed Violence Against Women Act to close the boyfriend loophole so that convicted domestic abusers can’t get guns. The NRA opposes it, which means Mitch McConnell ; Senate  Republicans are holding it up. Call them and ask why. 
He did.
It’s been two years since Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico and people on the island are still suffering. Withholding this disaster aid is wrong. 
 Amy Klobuchar’s middle-of-the-road approach impresses Denver supporters 
Worth a read and ! Spot on editorial by my friend Independent Senator of Maine: I know why Trump top dogs — Mulvaney, Pompeo, Perry ; Bolton — won't bark  via
Our grassroots campaign was in Dubuque yesterday discussing how we’re not going to eke by in the next election: we’re going to win big! Let’s lower prescription drug costs, pass gun safety legislation, and send Mitch McConnell packing. 
Thank you CO Secretary of State and IBEW 111 for hosting a town hall in Denver today on securing our elections (and Hope here for the great question!). We must safeguard our democracy and prevent foreign interference in our elections. 
What message is this administration sending to Latinos (and African Americans, and every group hated and attacked by white nationalists) when they keep this man on as Senior Adviser to the President? Hate has no place in the White House. 
Voter suppression like this disproportionately affects communities of color, and undermines the very premise of our democracy.  Lawmakers in Florida and across the country have a responsibility to protect voting rights — not take them away. 
MNDem dinner was held in St. Paul during the ice fishing show! Fact: I first decided to run for Senate at the Intn’l Eelpout Festival in a fish house on Leech Lake. So..Meeting Ryan w/his new gear was good presidential karma. You can bring that bait cooler w/you to D.C. Ryan! 
  in Cedar Rapids at the  Presidential Forum: “I wouldn’t be here without unions.”Sen. Amy Klobuchar…
I am saddened to hear about the passing of Congressman Berkley Bedell. He was a true champion of the Heartland — someone who valued hard work, community and service to others. John and I are thinking of his family and friends in northwest Iowa this evening.
All three Guardsmen had returned from the Middle East in May after nine months of conducting medical evacuations.As Governor a Minnesota National Guardsman for 24 years, said: we will forever be in the debt of these warriors.
 "We have to start thinking about new workers and their right to organize. This gets to the issue of misclassification and th…
Great to see you, Thank you for being a leader on tackling the housing crisis. We need leadership like yours across the country. 
Beautiful winter drive through eastern Iowa on the way to Dubuque. Stopped to take this photo but then my husband John thought the photo of me taking the photo was better than the photo I took! Photo credit: Mitch in the back seat of the van. 
 Ahead of the Teamsters forum in Cedar Rapids today, state Sen. Todd Taylor, D-Cedar Rapids, endorses for pre…
Starting our day in Allamakee County ( here in Iowa! In rural areas like this we must create opportunities where kids who grow up here can stay and live here. Thank you to Karen Pratte and this great crowd for joining us this morning! 
Our local leaders rise to the challenges of our time every day — from affordable housing to climate change. It’s time we have a President who rises with them.Thank you Mayor Quentin Hart for the great discussion at the Local America Forum. 
Our momentum continues to grow! Join our homegrown campaign at  
The core of the MN Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party is unity: meeting people where they are and bringing them with you. That’s the message I take with me everywhere I go and that’s what we celebrated tonight at  in 2020, we will win big! 
Thanks for having this critical conversation. Our farmers have been terribly hurt by Donald Trump's administration, and it needs to stop. As President, I’ll prioritize rural America instead of leaving it behind. 
Thank you to Iron Horse in Chariton, Iowa for having us today! I’m excited to meet people where they are in Iowa — and our campaign is going to hit all 99 counties soon! 
Ten years ago today, Donald Trump signed on to a full-page ad in the New York Times urging President Obama to “lead the world by example” and act on climate change. Now, he’s pulling out of the international climate agreement.  
Great turnout today in Indianola, Iowa! Thanks to the Corner Sundry for hosting our group. Iowans are ready to tackle the challenges of our day and that’s what I keep seeing as we visit every new county. We’re going everywhere! 
It’s clear from this group in Des Moines last night that our message is resonating with caucus-goers in Iowa! Thank you Ruth and Scott Thompson  and Connie Boesen and everyone else who came out. With all of you, we will win big in 2020! 
The shooting in Pensacola has wounded several people and taken the lives of at least three victims. This is the second shooting to happen this week at a Navy base. As we learn more about the situation, there’s one thing we know: Gun violence just has to stop.
We can’t afford to underestimate the threat of cyberattacks on our elections, economy ; infrastructure. I’ve led on cybersecurity in the Senate — as President, I’ll protect our elections, invest in our cyber workforce ; strengthen our cyber defenses.
We’re building a campaign that can  That means working hard, meeting people where they are, and bringing them with us. And it’s working.
Three brave Minnesota National Guard soldiers made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation. I'm deeply saddened — my thoughts and prayers are with their families and loved ones and with the entire Minnesota National Guard community, at home and overseas.
Happy 64th birthday to the As the granddaughter of an iron ore miner and the daughter of a teacher and newspaperman, I know how big of an impact unions have in improving people’s lives — and that when unions are strong, America is strong.  
Today I released my plan for the future of work and our changing economy. Thank you Jennifer Foster, and Randy Tucker for joining our roundtable at the Machinists Union Lodge.We will stand with workers and fight for economic justice. 
 On her antitrust work, Klobuchar says: "What you’re doing is protecting competition, basically. I lot of started here in I…
Thinking of my dad on  Day.He got his start in the newspaper business delivering Grit, a small-town ; rural weekly paper ; went on to work 43 years in journalism.He taught me the importance of a free press and now more than ever— it’s crucial to our democracy. 
Excited to have Iowa Rep on our team as we continue to grow! Bruce and I agree: rural America and the Heartland need a voice in this election. And Iowans know it too!
 News broke yesterday that Klobuchar hired Beto's former state director, an Iowa politics veteran…
As Nancy Pelosi said: "If we allow a President to be above the law, we do so at the peril of our republic.” The American people must come before the President’s political interests. It is our constitutional duty to protect that.
The rural-urban divide is costing lives. This is why improving rural health care is so critical. Here’s what I’ll do about it: 
This is just cruel.
NATO is the most successful military alliance in history and is the foundation for 70 years of peace and security. But once again Donald Trump has undermined the alliance, alienated our allies, and weakened our leadership in the world. We deserve better.
Norm, so excited to have you join our growing Iowa campaign! You are a master caucus organizer and we are lucky to have you. You will enjoy Lauren and the rest of our great team.  
 We are not endorsing a presidential candidate but the report Cards are out and  gets an…
Another example of the Environmental Protection Agency no longer protecting the environment. I will fix what this administration has been breaking starting on my first day in office.
I urge Major League Baseball to step back and reconsider their plans to sever ties with 42 Minor League teams. Teams like IA's ; MA's bring communities together ; are part of what makes baseball our national pastime. 
Donald Trump must turn over his financial records. I’m sure there will be another appeal (he is, after all, the Whiner in the White House) but the American people deserve the truth.
Zaleski: Klobuchar has the stuff to ‘win big’ | Grand Forks Herald 
Portsmouth ; the Seacoast isn’t afraid of a little blizzard! Wonderful seeing everyone this evening at our town hall. Thank you Speaker for the warm introduction on a cold and snowy day!  
Partisan gerrymandering undermines our democracy. In the Senate, I lead the Redistricting Reform Act, requiring states to establish independent bipartisan commissions to develop fair statewide district maps. As President, I’ll get this done.
Discussed my new public service plan at this morning. As one of my mentors Sen. Paul Wellstone put it, government should work to improve people’s lives. That’s why I’m running for President.  can read my plan here:  
Why do prescription drugs cost more in the US than in Canada?Why can’t Medicare negotiate for lower prices?Why do drug companies make billions getting people hooked on opioids?Because the big pharmaceutical companies think they own Washington.Well, they don’t own me. 
1. Invest in AmeriCorps, a Climate Civilian Conservation Corps, Peace Corps2. Establish Natl Volunteer Programs3. Fix/Expand Public Service Loan ForgivenessThat’s how we create opportunities for all to serve their country and strengthen our communities.
Kamala is a good friend and incredibly strong public servant. Sometimes campaigns can tear friendships apart but we have grown closer. Her good work will continue.
Good morning New Hampshire... I just know you’re as hearty as a Minnesotan...we drove through the snow from NYC to see you today...So stop by our events in Concord or Milford or Portsmouth! Thanks team. Thanks snow plow drivers.  
Hey New Hampshire! Snow canceled flight so we’re driving from NYC to you (as in now)! Trump didn’t call me snow woman for nothing. I know you guys are N.H. strong so see you in Concord or Milford or Portsmouth! Meanwhile, stay out of snow banks.❄️ ⛄️  
Four. Hundred. Bills. That’s about how many pieces of legislation have been passed by the House, only to be blocked by Mitch McConnell and the Senate GOP. They are standing in the way of progress. It’s time to take back the Senate in 2020.
 “It’s been such a cloud over women running for executive positions,” Sen. says addressing her comments from the…
 After a busy Thanksgiving weekend, here's what South Carolinians are reading about visit to the Palmetto Stat…
Had a great time on talking about how we're going to bring people with us and win big in 2020  — thank you and for having me on!
I meant what I said on We can do two things at once — we should be acting on gun safety legislation, dealing with the climate crisis, and reducing pharmaceutical prices. Now. 
Thanks to all the special education professionals who help make sure that every child has access to a strong education. As President, I will fully fund the IDEA and reinstate protections for students with special needs. 
 “You just can’t simply allow wealthy people to come in and buy elections,” Sen. says on Michael Bloomberg joinin…
Ignoring this won’t make it go away.
TODAY ONLY — 10% off the entire store! Buy some great campaign gear this  and support our homegrown campaign. Visit  and use the code: AMY4AMERICA 
Steve Bullock took on dark money in Montana and proved Democrats can win and get things done in a state that voted for Trump by double digits. He brought that determination and spirit to the presidential race and we are a better party for it.
If any place can handle this, it is Duluth ; northern Minnesota: Duluth buried under nearly 22 inches of snow; no travel advised. 
To win big in 2020, we must come together and cross the river of our divides — that's the message I kicked off my campaign with in February, it's what I shared with on this morning, and it's the message I'll take everywhere I go. 
On this  let’s remember those we lost to AIDS and the millions living with HIV around the world. We must recommit ourselves to ending this epidemic — and the stigma around it. We can end the epidemic but must ensure access to treatment and prevention.
There was no legitimate reason to include the citizenship question in the Census. Period. 
This is why I led the INSPIRE Women Act to direct NASA to encourage women to study in STEM fields. We’ve come a long way, but there is a lot of work to be done to tap into the full potential of women in the sciences.
Election security. Gun safety.  Minimum wage. Prescription drugs. Equality Act. There’s one month left in the 2019 session and Mitch McConnell is blocking critical bills.  Americans want progress -- we need to win the White House and take back the Senate.
 WATCH: Whether an impeachment trial will collide with her 2020 campaign, says she “can do two things at onc…
OK you just never stop organizing, even in the grocery store.  Thanks for your good work in NW Iowa and it was fun to see you in action this month! 
As President, I will undo this administration’s work to get rid of the Affordable Care Act’s protections for pre-existing conditions. We can preserve the ACA and build on it — let’s get it done.
Two stops here in Orangeburg County, SC: First, w/ owner Rachelle Jamerson-Holmes (thanks for the sweet tea!) for  Then the Cecil Williams Civil Rights Museum to learn about the history of the courageous Civil Rights movement in Orangeburg. 
Good morning from Orangeburg, SC! Had breakfast at Williams Chapel AME Church w/ Orangeburg County Dems Chairman State Sen John Matthews, Council Chairman Johnnie Wright Sr ; fmr Chairwoman Betty Henderson. Thank you for starting your day with us! 
Addiction and suicide are causing a drop in life expectancy. As President, I’ll prioritize prevention and early intervention initiatives, expanding access to treatment and giving Americans a path to sustainable recovery. 
This opioid crisis killed hundreds of thousands of Americans — and is taking lives to this day. We must hold those who caused it accountable. 
Donald Trump has created a crisis of trust in our institutions and in our government — not just here at home, but with our allies, too. As President, I will repair relations with our allies and show that America stands with them and against tyrants. 
All you have to do is read this to see why I’m focused on election security ; passing my bills for back-up paper ballots ; systematic audits. As Fiona Hill said, Russia is “gearing up.”  And that’s just one possibility.  via
This is outrageous and as President I will (1) fix the broken student loan forgiveness program and (2) expand it. How about we start by getting rid of Betsy DeVos?   
The Senate GOP needs to stop dragging its feet on getting my election security bill passed — we need to secure our voting systems immediately.
A great house full of people in Columbia, South Carolina! Thank you Councilwoman/Mayor Pro Tem and Veronica for hosting us today. 
And we’re officially on the ballot in South Carolina! Thank you Chair Executive Committee Member Mel Hart and First Vice Chair Lessie Price for joining us as we file our primary paperwork. February 29th is just around the corner — let’s get to work! 
This Thanksgiving holiday, remember our workers in the picket line in Las Vegas and cities across the country. I stand with and the rights of all workers.
Here’s a story from the Catskills, but it’s the same in the Heartland and across America — we don’t have enough young farmers. My plan supports our new and beginning farmers and helps keep our rural communities vibrant: 
Thanks and family for hosting my family and part of our campaign family for this great holiday. Andy and Dan cooked an amazing meal that fed all of us, and we can’t thank you enough! 
This morning our family spent some time volunteering at the South Des Moines Community Thanksgiving Dinner. Thanks to all the volunteers who came out today and those who work every day to help those in need. Happy Thanksgiving! 
  and family are volunteering at the Southside Community Center in Des Moines this Thanksgiving morning. Thei…
Happy Thanksgiving! Thankful to be with family ; friends ; thanks to so many Americans serving our country ; those in need today. And as you can see, I’m always thankful for a good 🦃 ; a bang trim. Miss my wonderful mom and her holiday photo over-the-bathroom-sink haircuts today 
Thanksgiving eve spent w/energetic group in snow in small town Grundy Center to talk about child care ; paid family leave. We ran out of chairs ; space ; it shows how important these issues are all across America. Thanks for hosting (Iowa County  ; counting)! 
It’s the season of giving — so if you have food to share, please consider visiting your local food bank. And from Abigail, John and me to your family: Happy Thanksgiving! 
We traveled across a lot of gravel roads to get to Kurt and Paula Meyer’s home, “tranquility” as they would call it and we certainly agree! Thanks for braving the weather to all who made it out here with us and than you Kurt ; Paula for the book, the food, and the conversation. 
Sure, except in this version he's encouraging Ivan Drago to hack his political opponent. 
Volunteered this morning at Hawkeye Harvest Food Bank with John and Abigail. This Thanksgiving (and every day) let's help those who may not have food on their tables. Donate today at your local food bank —  
That’s for sure...and the one going to these small Iowa towns in blowing snow...but it is beautiful! Besides,  always involves some rain, winds, sleet and yes blowing snow conditions. 
Thanks for inviting me to participate in your important discussion on children’s health, child care ; so much more. It's truly important that we caucus for kids ; as President I'll continue to work to make sure our children have healthy ; bright futures.  
Heart-breaking loss today in Minneapolis. My deepest sympathy to those families who lost loved ones in this fire and my thoughts are with those recovering. Thank you for the swift and heroic action by firefighters and first responders who saved lives.
If we hadn’t flipped the House in 2018, Republicans would control the House Intelligence and Judiciary Committees. Who would hold this administration accountable?  Who would defend our democracy? Elections matter. We can't afford to screw this up.
The snow is starting to come down in northern Iowa, but we’ve got a warm group here at in Wright County — thanks Shannon Walker and all for coming out! 
“If we can remember politics is still local and deliver policies to solve problems for the families we represent, Democrats can win anywhere. Even in places that voted for the president.”We can — and I have. Bringing people in is how we  in 2020.
Just a little drive through rural Iowa! 

Hello, Iowa! Great visits this morning in Worth ; Winnebago counties w/ all the best things in Iowa: a new endorsement before noon (Joyce Russell, Mayor of Fertile, IA), hot ham and cheese sandwiches and fired up caucus-goers. We’re going everywhere and bringing everyone with us! 
Dreamers belong here. We need to pass comprehensive immigration reform, including a pathway to citizenship and the DREAM Act. As President, I will finally get this done.
The climate crisis is devastating our coastal areas. We need sweeping legislation to address the climate crisis and I’ll take action on Day One. 
Good to work with   ;  to introduce sweeping on-line privacy legislation. How much longer can we wait? Republicans need to give it a hearing and a vote.  
Another promise broken by this administration, and it’s going to make life harder for millions of seniors. As President, I will fight for Medicare’s ability to negotiate prices -- a bill I lead in the Senate -- and bring down the cost of prescription drugs.
NOT BREAKING NEWS: There are limits on executive power. See U.S. Constitution (ratified 1788).
Thank you to the powerful women leaders who joined me at our annual Women's Breakfast (incl ; morning in MN! All of us were told at one point or another that we couldn't be where we are today, but whatever the standard set for us - we can meet it. 
Looking forward to sharing my vision for an America where unions are thriving and workers’ rights are protected. Thank you for the invite See you Dec 7.
Oh, please. Americans are fed up with the “I don’t understand climate change” card — just listen to the scientists. There is a climate crisis, caused by human activity, and the leader of FEMA needs to understand that. 
 Sen. Amy Klobuchar tells "the American people want a check on this president, they want an economic check…
How many “infrastructure weeks” have we had since Trump was elected?   Iowans (and all Americans) deserve better than broken promises. As President, I'll invest $1 trillion into strengthening our infrastructure and I'll get the job done. 
We can’t just eke out a win in 2020 — we need to  And that means building coalitions and bringing people with us. That’s what I’ve done my whole life, and that’s what I’m doing now.Read the article on my trip through New Hampshire: 
As I said to on I’m not running for chair of the Democratic National Committee — I’m running for President of the United States. Our campaign is focused on bringing people with us so we can  and get things done. 
There’s now 2 billionaires in the Democratic primary. My thoughts: (1) there’s a big difference from earning a vote ✅ and buying one and (2) tens of millions of $'s 💵 in TV ads 📺 can’t buy this election. Donate now to help build our grassroots campaign: 
“I was down to four and now I’m going to go with Amy.” — Shelley in Henniker, NH. The more places we go, the more our campaign’s momentum builds — and we’re going everywhere. Join Shelley in our homegrown campaign at 
The reviews are in — the November debate was another great one for our homegrown campaign! Join in and donate today:  
Congrats Hester! 
 "I made this very clear that this is an impeachable offense," Amy Klobuchar tells when asked if she has s…
Hey glad to see you’re back playing me on as I’ve missed you since the Kavanaugh skit. Here’s a promise: I’ll plaster my runaway bangs down for the next NBC debate so long as they cut the air vents. Deal? 
If the size and energy of the crowd at this dinner is any sign, 2020 is going to be the year we  for the rights of our LGBTQ+ communities ;  Thank you ; Dir. for having me! 
Election reforms are long overdue -- that's why I'm working to strengthen and protect the integrity of our elections.
Our fourth stop on this New Hampshire trip was ANOTHER packed town hall, this time in beautiful Lebanon! Grateful to Rep for the kind introduction and to everyone who came out to hear my optimistic economic agenda for this country.  
This is what momentum looks like on a Saturday afternoon in Lebanon, New Hampshire!  Thanks team! 
We’re growing! And it’s all because of grassroots donors like you. Chip in any amount big or small at 
Ok so we’re on a mini tour of N.H. colleges this weekend! Had a great time visiting in New London for our third town hall of the trip. To everyone who joined us today: thank you, with your support we are going to win and win big in 2020.  
Saw Rep. in Concord last night. Is there anyone in New Hampshire she doesn’t know? High school classmates, old friends. She has a zest for her work ; improving people’s lives that can only come from liking and admiring the people she serves. Keep it up Ann! 
As I said at the debate, when I first ran for the U.S. Senate I called everyone I knew in my life and raised $17,000 from ex-boyfriends. This would be a lot of ex-boyfriends. You can always make up the difference at  
Second town hall of the day, second New Hampshire college of the day! Back at time with talking about creating an economy that works for everyone w/  
Hello What an honor to visit ; be introduced by Fellow ; New England College student Trevor Van Niel. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to meet w/ your students ; the community to talk about issues like college affordability ; health care.  
Lt Col Vindman was born in Ukraine — he is an American.Fiona Hill was born in Britain — she is an American.Questioning an American’s loyalty to the nation they serve and love — that is the furthest thing from our American ideals.
As Fiona Hill said, Russia is “gearing up” to interfere in the 2020 elections. We must pass my election security bills NOW.
We need to not just win ; eke by victory at 4 in the morning on election night — we need to win big. I’ve won every race, every place, every time by bringing Democrats, Independents ; moderate Republicans w/ me. It’s how I’m running this campaign ; how I’ll govern as President. 
Like I said to last night: When you're in a trust crisis — like we are in right now w/ Donald Trump — you have to show the American people what you're going to do ; how you're going to get it done. That's how I'm running this campaign ; how I'll govern as President. 
Thank you to the  and for having me! 
Last night was a great night for our campaign. We saw a new wave of interest and support come in — as our homegrown campaign marches on to the primaries and the caucuses, let’s keep this momentum going: make a quick donation at 
We need a new foreign policy — and a new President. 
These impeachment proceedings are my constitutional duty — because right now we have a president who is putting his personal and political interests over our country’s interests. As your president, I will always put this country first. 
Dr. Josie Johnson is a hero. Born to a family 2 generations out of slavery, she earned a doctorate, led an all-women delegation to the March on Washington, led the Mpls Urban League ; became the first black woman on the UofMN's Board of Regents. Her support means the world to me. 
Thanks Fiona Hill for being as tough as you are and standing up for our democracy. Your cool truth-telling is dousing a whole lot of trumped-up fires today. 🔥 🚿 🔥 🚿 😎 
Thanks ! Honored to have your endorsement and as a top Iowa attorney, former U.S. Attorney and first woman head of the national trial lawyers you know how to win arguments and make the case. Glad to have you on my side. 
  and take a selfie together in Atlanta. 
A little  after last night's debate! Glad to be here with and to contact some of the voters who were purged from Georgia's voter rolls. We need to fight back against insidious voter suppression tactics. 
Like I said at the end of the debate last night in Atlanta — if you believe that our work doesn’t end on Election Day but begins on Inauguration Day, join our homegrown campaign at  
It was a good debate and now on to New Hampshire, Minnesota, Iowa and South Carolina. Thanks Atlanta!  
You don't have to be the loudest person on the stage to be President. What matters is if you're smart and get things done. I am the one that has passed over 100 bills as the lead Democrat in that gridlock of Washington. I've got what it takes to win.  
When I first ran for Senate, I raised $17,000 from ex-boyfriends. Tonight, let's see if we can outraise them. Will you contribute $5 now to help me defeat Donald Trump? Donate here: 
We're going to win big. It won't be a personal victory — it will be a national victory. If you want to join us, visit   
We must codify Roe v. Wade into law. 
 At the  Senator Klobuchar said the country was ready for a female leader like her —  adding that Nancy Pelosi beats…
We need a new foreign policy in this country and that means renewing our relationships with our allies, it means rejoining international agreements and it means reasserting our American values. 
 Thank you, for being the first candidate to speak out on the harmfulness of gerrymandering to our democrac…
I’m not going to go for things just because they sound good on a bumper sticker and then throw in a free car. We have an obligation to have people’s backs, be honest about what we can pay for, and be smart about how we do it. 
 Thank you, It's time to overturn Citizens United.   
Women are held to a higher standard. Otherwise we could play a game called Name your Favorite Woman President  
 Sen. Amy Klobuchar: "This is a president that not only, with regard to his conduct with Ukraine, but every step of the way puts hi…
 First mention of workers of the night comes from Thank you for calling out how Trump has betrayed workers. 
Etched on the wall in the Carter Presidential Library: We told the truth. We obeyed the law. We kept the peace. That is the minimum we should expect from the President of the United States. 
Taking the stage here in Atlanta to share my vision for  — watch now on MSNBC or at  
  is ready to take on Trump because—unlike him—she goes everywhere, meets people where they are, and listens to…
HERE. WE. GO! Tune in to tonight at 9pm ET/8pm CT for the fifth  
If we want to move our country forward and get things done, we need to first make sure that everyone is able to vote and that every vote counts. 
Truth: Ambassador Sondland testified today that he and other advisers to President Trump pressured Ukraine to investigate Democrats “because the president directed us to do so" and there was clear “quid pro quo.”
The debate tonight will be held at Tyler Perry Studios...a true success story and a tribute to Tyler Perry who chose to make major investments in Atlanta.  Check it out! 
Okay, Abigail — very funny...  
Election security shouldn’t be a partisan issue — this is about the integrity of our democracy. It can’t wait. 
The next time the Senate GOP blocks a House-passed gun violence prevention bills, I hope they’ll think about Kimberly, who lost her life after 2 years of trying to recover from her wounds from the Las Vegas shooting. There’s a human cost to this inaction.
“Dad, I'm sitting here today in the US Capitol... proof that you made the right decision to... come here to the USA in search of a better life for our family... Don’t worry. I will be fine for telling the truth.” — Lt Col Vindman. This is what patriotism looks like.
The Heartland isn’t flyover country to me -- it’s my home. I’ve won every race, every place, every time, and I have what it takes to take on Donald Trump in the Heartland and across the country.  
One in five Americans experience a mental health condition. I sat down with in Las Vegas to talk about the toll this takes on families and communities and my plan to prioritize mental health and combat addiction: 
The Trump administration’s announcement on Israeli settlements goes against long-standing U.S. policy.  Once again Donald Trump is playing politics and taking us further away from a path to a two-state solution.
Honored to release my democracy plan w/ Helen Butler ; Christopher Bruce today in Atlanta. We talked about the importance of building a democracy that works for the people ; making sure every vote counts.Here’s my plan  
I filed first in Ohio — just like Sherrod Brown won this state, we can win it. Watch. 
Our infrastructure is crumbling nationwide — and we need to invest to strengthen it now. Donald Trump hasn’t even tried to pass an infrastructure package — as president, I’ll get it done. Watch my interview with the to learn more: 
 Georgia 2020: White House hopeful is set to sharpen her voting rights agenda at an event soon in Atlanta. Here…
I've won every race, every place, every time because I bring people together and focus on delivering real results -- and that's how we'll win big in 2020.
Like I said to the crowd of in Las Vegas last night: We are at our best when we bring people together instead of shutting them out. We don't just want to win, we want to win big, and to win big, we need to bring the country with us. 
Tonight’s  event is possible because of He’s a fighter who never gives up and worked tirelessly to turn Nevada blue. True to form, he succeeded. A fitting tribute tonight for my friend Harry. 
Taking the stage now here in Nevada for the  event. Watch the livestream here: 
Spoke with the energized and mobilized last night — with leaders like this, we’re not just going to win in California, we’re going to  
Sean Phillips has been an invaluable part of my team for more than a decade. He joined me to share my plan to support the deaf community, incl. by expanding ASL programs ; services ; ensuring the fed govt meets its commitment to fully fund the IDEA. Thanks Sean for all you do! 
As President, I’ll counter the divisive rhetoric that has grown all too strong in the past few years — and emboldened hate groups. For our Jewish communities ; communities of all backgrounds, we must make it clear: there’s no room for hate in America. 
Rep Diane Loeffler was a model legislator — respected, liked, and dedicated to the people she served. We'll miss her in Minnesota. Thinking of Mike and all of her loved ones. 
 Senator Stopping by for a  Slushy with the CA Building Trades,
 Hey we’re taking good care of John and his friend  
Ok the game didn’t go well for the Gophers ; I lost my bet to Rep. and now owe him 5 lbs of bacon, but my husband John and MN Gov. had a great time with Iowa friends ; 
Second governor’s race in two weeks in red state where Trump campaigned ; a Dem won...where else can we send him?  
Spoke at the  with about winning back the White House and sending Mitch McConnell packing in 2020. Let’s get to work! 
Great to meet with the the people who built California! When unions are strong, America is strong. 
This poll confirms what we’re seeing every day — MOMENTUM! At 6%, we’ve doubled our support since the last poll. We're one of only six campaigns on the December debate stage. We're building a campaign that can  — help us build at  
 "Si los dueños de corporaciones pueden refinanciar sus yates, los alumnos deberían también poder refinanciar sus préstamos…
I don’t come from money. I don’t have a huge political machine. What I have is a grassroots team of dedicated supporters, volunteers, and organizers who are pushing this campaign to new heights everyday — be part of it all! 
  meeting with formerly incarcerated advocates on the importance of finding pathways and job opportunities for ret…
CA State Sen and Assemblywoman were deported as kids — now they're serving the people of their district in the California legislature. Talk about  proud to be on  
Too many people aren’t sharing in our country’s economic prosperity. Here’s where I stand, and how I will build shared prosperity and economic justice as President: 
Thanks Governor for representing me in Iowa and at the big Gopher-Hawkeye game today. 
Like I told the Women’s Caucus this morning, when people ask me if a woman can beat Donald Trump, I have one answer:Yes. does it every day. 
Word is Iowa Rep. is confident is taking home Floyd of Rosedale today against the undefeated I'm willing to wager 5 lbs. of Thielen Meats bacon the Gophers win. Minnesotans know that's serious! 
Another in a long series of recent attacks on reproductive rights. I will always stand by a woman's right to choose.
In addition to writing key marriage equality decision, Iowa’s beloved Justice Cady was court reform advocate. He came to D.C. ; testified re cameras in courtroom (which they should have had at DACA hearing!): “Our courts are an honest thing,” he said. “Cameras can help show it.” 
Yovanovitch never stopped working: After I got back from Ukraine in 2017, Ukrainian-Americans were so concerned about Russia’s invasion of Ukraine that I met w/them in Mpls. Who Skyped in to address them on a Sunday? Yovanovitch. She represented America so well. Photo: 
Iowa Justice Cady wrote the groundbreaking decision establishing marriage equality, concluding “we have a constitutional duty to ensure equal protection of the law.” I send my condolences to his family and join the many Americans around the country tonight celebrating his career. 
Thanks for finding this old photo. Glad to hear you’re joining my husband John and Governor for a tailgate before the Iowa-Minnesota game tomorrow! 
Yeah, it is a tough one... 
I’m honored to have the endorsement of Rep. — she’s a strong leader in the Davenport community and has a remarkable record of accomplishments as a legislator. We're excited to have her on our team! 
Like I said we keep gaining momentum! Thanks for the heads up 
Thanks to and honored to receive the Teddy Roosevelt Courage Award.  Thanks for your good work on these bills Lindsey Kerr! 
I spent 2 days in Ukraine w/John McCain ; the highly respected Amb. Yovanovitch. Her words speak for me: “Shocked, appalled, devastated that the president of the United States would talk about any ambassador like that to a head of state. And it was me. I couldn’t believe it.”
Thanks Bay Area / San Carlos for having me and what a great crowd at Brewery! On to the CA convention. 
Yes at age 13 I babysat the 6 Rogers kids. I managed the chaos ok until Kevin (age 4) flushed all the family’s toothbrushes down the toilet. They still had me back. Good to see Kevin ; sister Liz in CA. He’s doing great ; she’s a neonatologist ;mom of 4 so it all turned out fine. 
Just finished a big event in San Carlos, CA and just when I thought I took the last selfie, I saw this. She’s great! 
Memo to: Republican colleagues at hearingFrom: Everyone elseRe: Ambassador YovanovitchMarie Yovanovitch is an esteemed American diplomat. She was removed from her post for bad reasons. Could you show her the respect she showed all cong. members when they met w/ her overseas?
 Thank you to and for speaking to the AAPI community. We hope many more presidential candi…
“[T]he Framers were concerned with abuse of power, corruption, and injury to the nation. At no point did any delegate link the ultimate safeguard against presidential betrayal to intricacies of a criminal code.” Tribe ; Matz per   
Passed 3 of my bipartisan bills out of the Senate Commerce Committee yesterday:✅Nicholas ; Zachary Burt Memorial Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Prevention Act✅Portable Fuel Container Safety Act✅Enhancing Entrepreneurship for the 21st Century ActGetting work done for the people.
They are right.  He must step down.  As dreamers who work ; go to school across the U.S. struggle to stay after knowing no other home, Stephen Miller is running the White House’s immigration policy. That is evil. 
Another sad example of a school shooting ; why students across the country live in fear of gun violence. We all stand with CA victims and neighbors, students ; teachers ; law enforcement as they work to track down ; stop suspect from shooting more people.  
My friend Gov is campaigning for me in Iowa w/ my husband John on Saturday. Tim was the highest ranking enlisted soldier in Congress ; has been a great leader for MN. Join him ; at the Gopher/Hawkeye game Saturday in Iowa City! RSVP:  
On impeachment proceedings: Our nation’s constitution most deliberately included patriotism checks on corruption. This is how it works. In America, the President is not king.
Years of litigation just to see the President’s tax returns? What’s he hiding? (1) I will make sure all Presidents are straight with Americans by requiring an automatic release of their returns; (2) you can see my tax returns at  
Companies are accessing your private health data with very few rules on collection ; use. We need innovation in tech but not at the expense of privacy. That’s why I’m pushing to pass my bill to protect health data not covered by existing privacy laws.
Rocket attacks on Israel continue.  My thoughts are with those living in fear and terror because of these attacks. The United States must continue to support Israel’s security.
Um, no. 
Today ; I spoke about our bill to stop convicted domestic abusers ; stalkers from getting guns. It’s in VAWA ; there are NO impeachment proceedings today in Senate. NRA;Republicans blocking our bill even though  got 33 Republican votes in House. pass  now.
My questions to Fed Reserve Chair Powell today focused on countering growing income inequality in our country and what we can do to address it - including tax justice, raising the min wage ; connecting education w/jobs. Memo to White House: Enough of Gilded Age tax policies.
Shoring up the security of our vote should be priority number one, but the White House ; Senate Republicans have stonewalled my election security bills. We must bring them to a vote now — there is no time to waste.
The Impeachment hearings begin today. Remember James Madison’s words from the Constitutional Convention—we have impeachment to protect our country in the event a President “betray(s) his trust to foreign powers.” That is what impeachment proceedings are for: protecting democracy.
This is just a preview of 2020 — it is past time for Congress to take action and impose rules of the road for social media companies (like my bipartisan Honest Ads Act in the Senate) to keep outside influence from manipulating our elections. 
I stand with the workers of McDonalds in the  the right to a union and higher pay. 
This is not a partisan issue. This is about our democracy and national security. It’s long past time for my Republican colleagues to put country before party.
We’re not just going to win in 2020, we’re going to  But to do that, we need great people (like you) running for office. Interested? There’s no better day than today ( to get started. Learn more here: 
Mort Mortenson had a strong work ethic to the end and gave a lot back to Minnesota. Thinking of him and his family today. M.A. 'Mort' Mortenson Jr. dies at 82; built family business into national construction giant. 
Our vets deserve the best on  ; every day of the year.  Over the last decade we have seen an unacceptable increase in vets’ suicides ; our vets always deserve the best care, full benefits, education and economic opportunities. 
America is a land of dreamers. We stand with them today and we’ll stand with them in court tomorrow.  🗽 🗽 🗽  
Such an honor to meet a Normandy WWII vet at the Rochester, MN ceremony today and see many friends, including Mayor Kim Norton   
A beautiful ceremony for our Vets on  today in Rochester, MN. Thanks vets for bringing your spirit of patriotism home to us. 
This is unacceptable behavior, but it’s what we’ve come to expect from this unaccountable administration. As President, I promise to restore dignity to the office, and rebuild the American people’s trust in their government. 
Spending this  honoring all who served our country — like my dad (US Army, 1950-52). Today, we’re reminded of the exceptional commitment ; extraordinary service that our democracy demands, and of all the brave men and women who have stepped forward to protect it. 
 Dallas is a tough team, but I think we’ve got what it takes. Might need a few of these: 
We are breaking records for voter turnout — and 2020 has to be the biggest one of them all. I’m encouraging voters in Iowa and across the country to show up, make their voices heard and lay the foundation for us to 
 Sen. Amy Klobuchar on potential whistleblower testimony: "I would agree with Adam Schiff. Why would you reveal the whistle…
Melaku told me last night that he’s excited about me running for president, and asked me why in my opinion I’m the best candidate for the job - my answer can’t really fit in a single tweet, but I promised him one thing: I’ll lead with integrity. 
Congratulations to Del. who will be the first female Speaker in Virginia’s history! 
Great wrap up to our Iowa swing: a lunch with the Plymouth County Dems and then we visited our 60th county - Palo Alto! We’re coming to all 99, Iowa - meeting you where you are. 
So the mighty team won today! And I get a six-pack of Perpetual IPA from Pennsylvania for winning the bet. Congrats Gophers on today’s win against Penn State!  
Great turnout for caucus training in Sioux City! Thanks to the Iowans who are preparing for February. In no small part due to leadership from people like chair Iowa Sen. council member and SCC member 
Hey our undefeated Minnesota are  beating your equally undefeated at the half.  How about a bet on the win.  I’ll put up my award-winning taconite tater tot hot dish....  You?
No, you cannot use the Sixth Amendment to demand the whistleblower’s identity be revealed. 
The December Democratic debate will be just miles from where wildfires are currently raging: a reminder that the climate crisis is happening right now. We cannot wait to act. 
No more bowing to the NRA. Virginians elected Democrats who are going to do something about gun safety legislation. Progress is on the way. 
We have quite an amazing team! They are constantly working on the ground and it’s these grassroots efforts that lead to crowds like this on a Friday night. Thanks for coming out to Sioux Center, Iowa and spending the evening with me! 
No I didn’t write this!  Which Democratic candidate has the best policies on social media? 
 Spent our lunch with the folks at Iowa Central Community College, touring the school. Iowans like these will benefit from…
The Violence Against Women Act — approved by bipartisan majorities for decades — has been delayed for 200 days by Senate Republicans taking direction from the NRA because it includes my bill to close the boyfriend loophole. Every minute that we wait, we put another life at risk.
Good to be in Ankeny Iowa this morning going table to table, voter to voter.  This is how we build democracy and trust and bring people with us.  No money can buy you that. 
Our DREAMers are living, working and succeeding in America. They are Americans. Let's protect them and get comprehensive immigration reform done.
Thanks for letting me stop by your meeting! A packed house here at Cozy Cafe shows what we keep seeing - people want leaders who don't serve half of America, but  That's true here in Iowa ; that's how I'll lead as President. 
The elections this week were historic in so many ways. Congrats to all LGBTQ+ candidates who fought hard and won their seats, including my friend who helped turn the Virginia legislature blue for the first time in a generation!
Unions like the and and their members are on the front lines of the struggle for workers’ rights. I shared with why that’s so important to me: 
A quick message from Manchester, NH about this incredible week: we wouldn’t be here without you! Help us continue building our momentum at  
As I wrote in the when we’re straight with the American people, we can bring people with us and build an even bigger coalition with an optimistic economic and justice agenda for this country. Read the full piece below:
 Mary is the THIRD Republican-turned-Democrat IA legislator to support Neuhauser left after Watergate.…
This defense is just plain weird: the administration was too stupid to pull off an illegal act? I don’t buy it. The American people don’t either.
My grandpa, my mom, my dad — they were all labor union members. Americans know that when unions are strong, our country is strong. And when I am president, I will look out for the workers of this country. 
This is not surprising but a big deal all the same....
The Coalition of Southern NH Democrats understands that we’ve got to  in 2020 and we’ll do that by bringing people with us. Thanks for having me at the Blue Moon Rising Gala in Derry. Great to see friends like Amb. Jim Smith ; Janet Breslin-Smith ; meet some new ones too!
Another fantastic Town Hall, this time in Exeter, NH! Spoke with residents of about bringing down the cost of prescription drugs (by unleashing the bargaining power of seniors and allowing Medicare to negotiate) and the need for high-quality long-term care  
 WATCH: Before addressed this NH retirement community, 85yo Mary Neuhauser was thinking about supporting her.…
Right after filing for the  primary, I held a town hall with Rochester Mayor Caroline McCarley, who just endorsed my campaign! We need to win big in 2020 by bridging divides ; providing economic opportunity for communities like Rochester. Thanks for your support! 
GREAT NEWS — we just qualified for the December debate! Thanks to everyone who supported us all this way, we could not have done it without you. If you haven’t joined yet, sign up for and donate to our homegrown campaign! We’re just getting started. Visit 
It’s official — we filed to be on the ballot in the  primary in New Hampshire! What unites us is so much stronger than what divides us and as President I will bring this country together. 
President at pre-election Kentucky rally surrounded by “read the transcript” t-shirts. Guess what? They did. Congrats Governor-elect Beshear! 
As I said last night, watch for good things happening in the Philadelphia suburbs ; Delaware County! They did.  Making history, Democrats win control of Delaware County Council 
Congrats to Roem, and the for another stunning victory! The VA General Assembly will be run by Democrats for the first time in 20 years. 
I’ll be filing to be on the ballot in New Hampshire at the State House in Concord at 9 a.m. tomorrow a.m. (as in Wednesday a.m.) in my MN blizzard gold coat🧥!  (And it will be a lot warmer than that). Stop by!  
The showing us how it’s done!  
Mitch McConnell has a Democratic Governor. Congrats 
Just looking at these numbers in Kentucky Governor’s race and Virginia legislature with a smile and a whole lot of hope!  Still early but still.....
Manchester’s choice is Joyce! Congrats to for winning a 2nd term. Your leadership has meant expanded access to mental health ; drug treatment as well as increased investments in education ; infrastructure. Eager to see what you do in the next 2 yrs!  
Hadn’t seen this one from last month.  Thanks 
Excited to go on the tonight to talk with the one and only Tune in to at 11:35/10:35c.
Hey Facebook, nice new all-caps logo, but WE STILL NEED TO TALK ABOUT HOW YOU ARE MAKING MONEY OFF OF UNTRUTHFUL POLITICAL ADS AND THE NEED TO ALSO PASS MY HONEST ADS ACT.
America is a symbol of hope to the most persecuted. This President and his administration just don’t understand that.
Elections are happening TODAY in places like Mississippi ; Kentucky ; Virginia.  Not sure if you have an election to vote in? Want to know what’s on the ballot? Use the great tool and find out: 
Friends in Pennsylvania where I saw the enthusiasm first hand last night: You have historic opportunities for 🌊 change in county and local races in Chester ; Delaware Counties and beyond—Go Vote!
Virginia—Go Vote!
Bumping this up in your in-box! 
Such a great night in Philly w/PA Dems and city, county ; state leg electeds ; a packed house of students ready to vote ; volunteer tomorrow to unite our country ;  in local elections in Chester, Delaware ; Bucks counties ; beyond. Make sure to get out and vote! Blue 🌊
On my first day as President I'm getting us back into the international climate change agreement. 
I released 12 years of my taxes for this campaign (and didn’t even need a federal appeals court to make me do it!). It’s time to see Donald Trump’s tax returns and hold him accountable.
WHILE YOU WERE TWEETING...The President tweeted 75 times this weekend. Meanwhile, farm bankruptcies up 24%, drug prices way too high, CA burning ; more gun violence. How about a ☎️ to Mitch McConnell instead to pass the House-passed bills sitting on his desk? I have the number.
We will miss Robin Stone, Iowa’s Delaware County Democratic party chair. She fought to the end, but she also fought for others by making the case for the ACA and health care protections. Know that her daughter will carry on the fight. 
We need consistent rules of the road in place for political ads to protect the integrity of our democracy. It's time for Congress to take action and pass my Honest Ads Act.
Millions of Californians are suffering — this isn’t a time for pettiness and threats.
It's just 100 days until the New Hampshire primary! In the Granite State and around the country, we’re ready to  — join in on this homegrown campaign at  
A beautiful funeral service today in Greensboro NC for my friend Kay Hagan w/loving eulogies from Gov. Cooper, ; Kay’s family. Fitting wonderful hymn for Kay today: “I danced in the morning when the world was begun, and I danced in the moon ; the stars ; the sun...”☀️
Great to be a part of the Presidential Forum on Disabilities in Cedar Rapids. So many core issues at stake like ensuring voting is accessible and fighting attempts to repeal health care protections for people with preexisting conditions. 
Thanks to everyone who came out this weekend! Let's  
We’re at  nationally in new NBC/Wall Street Journal poll and now one poll away from the December debate. That’s called momentum. Thanks team Amy for never giving up! (And yes, it looks like there are more than two candidates in this race)... 
Thanks to and our Iowa team for a wonderful two days on the green bus! Good to see the big crowd in small town Wyoming, Iowa for Rep. Andy McKean. He’s the legislator who followed his conscience ; changed from Republican to Democrat this year. Proud to have his support 
Thanks for having me at your fish fry Iowans are ready to re-elect you to the House to help build a stronger America. 
A picture is worth 1,000 words. 
 Nearly full standing o for as she enters ; leaves the stage. Touts her infrastructure plan, her family’s…
When people tell me that a woman can’t beat Donald Trump, I tell them Nancy Pelosi does it every single day.  
Here in Cedar Rapids, IA. Headed over to first ever fish fry! She picked Walleye which is Minnesota’s state fish... so I got her a surprise engagement gift! 
If we want to actually get things done and move this country forward, then we can't just win — we need to win BIG.  
  delivered a strong speech tonight and did something few candidates managed to do: Drawing applause from peop…
Hey Des Moines  stop by Forte for an incredible band.  Promise if you love Prince you’ll live this band! 
Thank you, Iowa! Let's go into 2020 with an optimistic economic agenda that works for  and let's win big — my full  speech here:
Thanks Rep. Wolgamott and love the video. 
 "When people tell me a woman can’t beat Donald Trump, I say Nancy Pelosi does it every day," Sen. says in her…
  takes stage at 10:24p (4th to last of the night) to her supporters in green t-shirts with light up sticks ;…
 I believe just woke up the crowd at  Now to the after party at Forte!
We're ready to win big.  
Inspired and energized after our march into the Liberty ; Justice dinner! There’s nothing like this team — organizing everywhere, meeting people where they are, and we have a lot of fun while doing it! Let’s go  
 ran his campaign with energy and sincerity. We will all remember his advocacy on behalf of immigrants and victims of gun violence and the passion with which he held Donald Trump accountable — I’m excited to see what he does next.
Great news coming in as we’re getting ready for  in Iowa today: We’re one step closer to the December debate stage. Two polls down, two more to go — and if you haven’t yet, chip into our homegrown campaign 
Social media giants cannot allow special interests ; foreign entities to interfere in our elections ; spread lies. That's why we need to pass my Honest Ads Acts — but it’s being blocked by Mitch McConnell ; the White House. I shared more about it w/ on 
Our staff was up early in Iowa getting ready for the Iowa Liberty and Justice Dinner! Looks like a lot of excitement out there  
What a great night again in Iowa, kicking off our 22nd trip to the state! Started at in Des Moines w/ a big announcement: the legendary has endorsed our campaign! Thanks to everyone who came out. Here’s to the start of a great weekend.  
One big team, going everywhere, talking to everyone — and having a blast while we do it. Can’t wait for another great event tomorrow, see you at the Iowa Liberty and Justice Dinner  
Once again the GOP is breaking its promise to the American people by voting to protect junk insurance plans that don't cover essential benefits like Rx drug coverage, maternity care ; some preexisting conditions. America needs affordable high-quality healthcare — not this.
On I shared with why I don’t want to be president for half of America — I want to be president for all of America. 
No one is above the law.
Thank you for having me on this morning, and sharing my NEW ad! Americans are tired of having a whiner in the White House — I'll lead with an optimistic economic agenda for  
Had a great time on the w/ Watch here: 
Thinking of our friends in California from south to north ; the first responders bravely putting themselves in the fires’ way. Right now it is about saving lives ; homes, but then we take the fight to the crisis of our time: climate change. We can’t wait. 
- Shanda Carstens, 2018 Polk County Volunteer of the Year and Guthrie County activist- Abdi Salan Hassan, Community activist- Fatuma Hirsi, Community activist- Dhoal Larijin, Community activistThank you all!
- Bev Clark, Jasper County, Democratic activist, retired social worker- Jenny Pryke, Jasper County Democratic activist- Carrie Tedore, Dubuque County Democratic activist- Greg Davis, Polk County Democratic activist, retired pastor
- Connie McKean, Legislative assistant and campaign manager of State Rep. Andy McKean- Tyler Mills, Lee County Democrats Executive Committee member- Karl Nolin, Clay County, Iowa Democratic activist- Carol Nolin, Clay County, Iowa Democratic activist
- Karim Jawda, Iraqi immigrant community leader, Des Moines- Mary Benton, former County Attorney of Guthrie County- Kay Hale, Ely City Council Member- Jake Oeth, Former staffer for U.S. Sen Tom Harkin and Rep. Bruce Braley- Tim Benton, Former Assistant Guthrie County Attorney
A great group of endorsements out of Iowa today! So many you can't fit them all in one tweet... - Chair of the Dickinson County Democrats- Doug Bailey, Hamilton County Supervisor- Jeff Shudak, Iowa State Political Advisor for Plumbers Local 16
In the Midwest and across the country, we’ve had enough of this administration’s broken promises. I’ve built my campaign around an optimistic economic agenda that benefits  including the manufacturers in the Heartland.
This Thursday the  bus is coming back to Iowa for our second bus tour! We'll be traveling around Iowa again, but we are especially excited for the Liberty ; Justice Celebration on Friday — RSVP here!  
NEW reports that Lt Col Vindman testified that key words and phrases are missing from the rough transcript of Trump’s call with the president of Ukraine — and that his attempts to fix it were blocked. The Administration can't cover this up — we need to get all the facts.
In the Senate, I've passed legislation to help avoid drug shortages and lead the efforts to increase pharma competition, and as President, I’ll fight to make sure children — and all patients — have access to lifesaving drugs.
Lt Col Vindman is decorated veteran of the Iraq War, a top national security expert, and a patriot. These attacks against him because of his place of birth go against everything that our country stands for.
Rep. John Walker was a civil rights pioneer. His passing is a loss to the legal and political communities throughout Arkansas.
Even Facebook’s own employees agree that the company’s political ad rules must be revised. It's time to pass my Honest Ads Act ad and keep foreign governments from interfering with our elections.
W/Ukrainian troops who were defending Ukraine against Russia, cold New Year’s Eve, 2016. Note presence of U.S. Amb. (and now witness)Marie Yovanovitch who was a pro ; did good working w/all (see McCain, Graham ; me). (Twitter-circulated photo marked up for no good I’m sure). 
Our roads, bridges, ports, waterways, water supplies, public transit systems, and schools are in need of repair.  My plan rebuilds America’s infrastructure, invests in our future, and creates millions of good-paying American jobs. 
If there’s one word to describe the past few weeks, it’s “momentum.” Our homegrown campaign is building to something big — visit  to see how you can get involved.
There’s no more time to waste — as President, I’ll get us back into the International Climate Change Agreement on Day One and start the important work of repairing our environment.
We lost my good friend Kay Hagan today. She was one bright yellow ray of sunshine for everyone she touched—the Senate, her beloved state of NC, her friends. As she struggled the last few years, Chip ; their kids were always at her side. Look up at the sun ; think of Kay today.
Congratulations to Dr. Anisa Ibrahim! Her story encapsulates what most of us already know: immigrants and refugees strengthen America.
OK for anyone that was there for that Minnesota Halloween blizzard (and for anyone who wasn’t but moved to Minnesota from anywhere at anytime), this is truly worth a read 🎃 🌨.  : Hey, did you know we had a blizzard on Halloween?. 
And it seems like just yesterday (ok 5 days ago) when you spoke at our Hispanic summit ; came to lunch with me ; Tim Kaine, turning the Senate dining room into a party (something I never thought possible). Loved the glasses ; keep up the good work. 
  in VA today doing what she’s done her whole career in MN — helping Dems win big up and down the ticket.Pr…
Mourning the lives lost on this day last year at the Tree of Life synagogue where eleven people were killed as they prayed. Remembering them today.
 And saw Del. Danica Roem  She broke ground as the first openly transgender person to be elected and to serve in a statehouse in America. In Richmond, she has been a champion for her district — eager to see her re-elected! 
Here in Virginia to help launch Delegate canvass. know: meeting people where they are and bringing them with us — that’s how we not only win, but that’s how we win big. Now let’s get  to Richmond! 
Al-Baghdadi was a dangerous terrorist who committed heinous crimes. As I said this morning, getting rid of him was good for America and the world. But as I discussed today on many challenges remain... 
Just finished speaking with at we’ve passed the First Step Act, now it’s time to take the Second Step. As a former prosecutor, the need to fix our justice system has been at the forefront of my work in the Senate, and will be in the White House too. 
There’s my husband John helping Senator Hosmer in Laconia, New Hampshire wearing my shirt!  
We’re just 100 days away from the Iowa caucus! There has never been a better time to join in on our homegrown campaign — find all the ways you can get involved at  
When I'm President, courts won't have to force the Department of Education to do what's right. I've pledged to fix this for defrauded students in my first 100 days.
How Americans “accidentally” lost 18 bil to big oil: “The idea was to incentivize cos. when prices are low....But if prices go up to a certain level, you don’t need the relief,” says bill sponsor. Guess what, we can plug the loophole ; keep our $. But we need a new president.. 
...But as he said in Mar-a-Lago after the tax bill passed...his friends got a whole lot richer.  Guess who will be paying for that? YOU: The U.S. deficit hit $984 billion in 2019, soaring during Trump era 
Just spoke at the dinner about the importance of electing Democrats up and down the ticket, like Mayor We don’t want to just win, we want to win big. (Also glad to join in honoring ; try his family's legendary chicken tenders!)  
The fought hard and won. Proud of them and all the people who picketed, marched and spoke up for the dignity of work. 
Thanks Nashua! 
Great to be back in New Hampshire at Nashua Community College where I got to tour the Advanced Manufacturing Facility, meet with students and hold a townhall. Thanks everyone for showing up on a Friday night!
 Caught up w Democratic Presidential candidate in Nashua abt her plan to make community college and technical t…
Excited to be back in Virginia to build on the momentum we’re seeing all across the country. Come join me for a canvass launch and let’s share our message far and wide. We are so close to flipping the state legislature to Democratic control!  
We need an education system that works for students and our economy and respects the dignity of work. As my dad and sister have shown, there are many paths to success. Here’s my plan for affordable education that connects students with the jobs of today: 
Shared in the awe-inspiring service for Elijah Cummings today. Thanks to New Psalmist Baptist Church for welcoming us with open arms for a larger-than-life man who was—in beautiful words—“honorable” long before he had the title.
Today marks 17 years since we tragically lost Paul Wellstone, his wife Sheila, daughter Marcia, and staff Tom, Mary, and Will. I miss all of them. Paul was a friend, mentor ; the people’s champion. He lived and led by his words: “We all do better when we all do better.” 
Nice job  
This is why environmental protection matters. I’ll start repairing the damage this administration is doing to our environment on Day One of my presidency.
 via
We did it! Because of you, I’m going to be on the debate stage in Georgia — but I need your help to keep building our momentum by going to  
Thank you for speaking up for the working people of this country, the importance of unions and the need for a secure retirement. Look forward to you continuing the good fight. 
Veteran suicide rates remain higher than the natl. average for non-veterans. Those who fight for our freedom shouldn't feel alone in their fight with mental health. My veterans plan prioritizes mental health to make sure veterans have the help they need:
We just qualified for the November  Democratic debate! Thanks to everyone for working so hard, making a small donation, and helping us grow our momentum. We’ve made so much progress, but we need to keep going. Donate to our campaign today! 
Thank you for joining us at the  today and for being a relentless champion for diversity in the workplace, as well as highlighting the important role the immigrant community  plays in driving our country forward.
If we organize, bring people with us, and have a candidate at the top of the ticket who has a track record of winning everywhere — then yes, we can win back the Senate. And I’ve won every race, every place, every time.
Happy birthday to my husband, John! A great dad, all-around good guy, and apple of my eye. My gift to you this year: this is my 10,000th tweet! 
News of the weird: On Senate floor Sen. Blackburn objected to passage of my election security bills saying they have to go through Rules committee. Here’s the weird (sad) part: A committee mark-up was scheduled on the bipartisan bill ; the White House made calls to stop it.
No one has a monopoly on good ideas — it's about getting things done and helping people. And that’s something I know a little bit about. 
To: Republican colleaguesFrom: Everyone else Date: TodayRe: Constitutional duties After diplomat Taylor’s testimony you can no longer question whether this happened. The question is if you choose to follow the law or be part of the cover-up.We look forward to a response.
Get well soon, President Carter. 
I went to the Senate floor today to insist on passage of my Honest Ads Act that tells voters who is paying to influence our political system — but Senate Republicans blocked it, a day after Facebook said it took down more Russian-backed pages posing as Americans in swing states.
One more reason we love our Communications Director, 
 Sen. Amy Klobuchar just released evidence that the Justice Department buried the whistleblower complaint about President D…
Right now the law bans Medicare from negotiating for lower prescription drug prices on behalf of 43 million seniors. I lead the bill to get rid of the ban that prohibits Medicare from negotiating and as President I’ll get it done — Americans deserve a better deal.
“Mr. Taylor’s testimony was based in part on detailed notes that he took throughout his tenure...”
Loved the !  Will be back in Manchester soon and look forward to seeing you all, but only if you ring the bell 🔔 again! 
Shameful. 
Thanks for having me on the show Rachel  — we’re seeing our momentum grow after the debates with standing-room only events, unprecedented fundraising, and big endorsements. This is a grassroots campaign and we’re just getting started! 
Some exciting news tonight! In the 6 days since the debate our campaign has raised $2 million! We’re seeing our support grow in Iowa, New Hampshire, and across the country. Let’s keep the momentum going — donate at  
And that's a wrap! What a great weekend touring Iowa in our  bus! Good news: this is just the beginning. 
Suppressing the vote is un-American. This temporary block should be permanent.
And there you have it. Three days on the road with an amazing team for the  bus tour. Together we’ve visited over fifty counties and met with thousands of Iowans since we started this campaign - and we aren’t even close to done! It’s been fun, Iowa — be back soon. 
Last but certainly not least, Stop 14 on the  tour: The Hall of Fame! I always love coming to Cedar Rapids — thanks for helping me start and end this amazing trip 
Stop 13 on our  tour: A round table with local tribal leaders from the Meskwaki Indian Settlement. Thank you for taking the time to talk with me about the important issues facing your community. 
Now what did claim at that rally two weeks ago in my state?  Oh yeah that he would win Minnesota in 2020 after coming close in 2016....like I said then... 
Thanks  for this since he’s basically putting out a welcome sign for major bucks lying divisive dark money ads. Also, for-profit social media cos. need to follow rules other media cos. follow for issue ; candidate ads-my Honest Ads Act. 
Stop 12 on the  tour -- an overflowing meet and greet in Jasper County! And a helpful (and tall) Rep. getting an attendee a better photo angle! 
We wrapped up day 2 of the  tour yesterday! Started the morning in Dubuque for a veterans roundtable, then a meet and greet in Waterloo, a town hall in Mason City and finally the dinner in Panora! We really are going everywhere. Check out the highlights. 
 Sen. Amy Klobuchar: "I've made clear how I'm going to pay for everything that I've put out there. I think that is important be…
SKOL!!! 
Last night I visited the for their Fall Dinner — stop 10 on our  Bus Tour across Iowa! We don’t just need to win in 2020, we need to win big, and that means bringing these rural leaders with us. 
Thanks Dan! It is donations like yours that add up and it is how we raised $1.5 million in the 36 hours since the debate. We are building momentum every day and every bit helps. People can give at  
No amount of money can make up for the lives lost or the families broken or communities devastated. But this opioid crisis was driven by greed and profit, and we must make the companies responsible for this crisis pay.
Stop 9 on the  tour—Mason City in the Historic Park Inn, the last hotel designed by Frank Lloyd Wright. Thanks to a great big group of Iowans and and and for hosting me! 
Wow! Waterloo really showed up today (Stop 8 on the  bus tour across Iowa). Thanks to for hosting this crew! 
Started off Day 2 of the  Bus Tour discussing issues important to veterans here in Dubuque, Iowa. There wasn't a waiting line when our veterans signed up to serve ; there shouldn't be a waiting line when they return home and need access to the services they deserve. 
Iowans know that we need a President for  — and I am traveling through this great state and all across our country with a clear message: what unites us is far stronger than what divides us. Learn more and join our homegrown campaign at  
We don't talk enough about mental health — I’m in Iowa right now, where there are only 64 public beds in the whole state for mental health care. The rest of America isn’t doing much better. We need to bring this crisis out into the open.
Day 1 of the  Bus Tour across Iowa was great! We started in Linn and brought our optimistic economic agenda to Keokuk, Washington, Louisa and Scott counties, meeting with Iowans who are ready to win big in 2020. Watch the highlights from Day 1 here! 
Stop 5 on our  Tour: A town hall with Rep. in Davenport, IA focused on women's issues. From child care to income equality, we must be addressing these issues. Tonight we came together to do just that. 
Stop 4 on our  Tour: A drop in to Louisa County, county number 53! This is one of my favorite parts of being on the campaign trail, going everywhere and meeting people where they are — or bringing them with me on the bus, too! 
A great day in history. This is why I've always been a strong advocate for women in STEM, passing legislation that encouraged more women to pursue careers in aerospace through programs — a brighter future is ahead of us. 
 ; I visited a biodiesel plant in Crawfordsville, Iowa that closed because of the Trump admin’s giveaways to Big Oil. They keep the jackets of laid off workers here hoping they can get back to work. As President I'll fix the waiver process ; bring back rural jobs. 
Stop 2 on our  Bus Tour: We're here in Keokuk County, Iowa (County number 51!) and I'm excited to be visiting new folks all over the great state of Iowa. Thanks for introducing me 
We raised $1.5 MILLION in only 36 hours following the debate. Our message of unity and an optimistic economic agenda is reaching more and more people — help build this incredible momentum with a quick donation at  
Another endorsement coming out of Iowa today! Legendary IA Senator is joining our team ; I couldn't be more excited. Liz is a fighter for Iowa ; has worked tirelessly to make people's lives better — ; she's also a wonderful friend. Honored to have you on board, Liz. 
Honored to have the endorsement of Iowa Rep. Andy McKean, who switched from Repub. to Dem this year because of Trump's recklessness. As he said: “Americans of all parties should insist on something far better from the man holding the highest office in the land.” 
We're here in Cedar Rapids, Iowa kicking off our  bus tour! Thanks to Iowa Sen. Rep. Andy McKean, and for joining me — the bus looks great and we're excited to continue making our way to all 99 counties! 
 2020 Watch: On a roll, storms into the  presidential primary state. TODAY on 
NEW HAMPSHIRE TEN-COUNTY THIY-HOUR TOUR (In the middle of a nor’easter) STOP TEN: Thanks to Patty and the Lucky Dog Tavern In Plymouth for having me and friends. I will consider it a good sign that we finished up at the “Lucky Dog.” 
NEW HAMPSHIRE TEN-COUNTY THIY-HOUR TOUR STOP NINE: A packed house in Coos County’s Northland Restaurant ; Dairy Bar — a fantastic community hub with great food and great people. Thanks to my NH State Director a son of Coos County, for introducing me!  
NEW HAMPSHIRE TEN-COUNTY THIY-HOUR TOUR STOP EIGHT: Stopped by two incredible local businesses in Conway. Got to meet w/owners Larry Flaherty of the Met Coffee House and Kendra Veno of Small businesses make our economy strong, both here and across the country. 
NEW HAMPSHIRE TEN-COUNTY THIY-HOUR TOUR STOP SEVEN: Learning more about the rich industrial history of Belknap County here at the Museum — thank you for the wonderful tour, and to the supporters who came out to meet me! 
NEW HAMPSHIRE TEN-COUNTY THIY-HOUR TOUR STOP SIX: Merrimack County's Revelstoke Coffee gives you $1 off if you bring a presidential candidate — so I had to go. That's when we heard it was someone's birthday, so we sang happy birthday! This is what I love about campaigning. 
NEW HAMPSHIRE TEN-COUNTY THIY-HOUR TOUR STOP FIVE: I’ve got two words for you: maple squares. A delicious first stop of the day at the historic Harvey’s Bakery in Dover, New Hampshire. Thanks to Billy Shaheen for showing me around!  
NEW HAMPSHIRE TEN-COUNTY THIY-HOUR TOUR STOP FOUR: Dinner last night at the historic Manchester I was still going on three hours of sleep but the people of the Granite State energized me at every stop! 
corruption (noun)cor•rup•tion | \kə-ˈrəp-shən\ 
NEW HAMPSHIRE TEN-COUNTY THIY-HOUR TOUR STOP THREE: Democracy is alive and well here at my town hall in Londonderry, New Hampshire. A breath of fresh air amidst all of the chaos in Washington right now. Granite staters can do 2 things at once! 
NEW HAMPSHIRE TEN-COUNTY THIY-HOUR TOUR STOP TWO: New Hampshire has been hit hard by the opioid epidemic. Local communities are standing up to help. Met great leaders ; volunteers at Claremont Center for Recovery Resources.  
NEW HAMPSHIRE 30-HOUR TEN COUNTY TOUR STOP ONE: The fall leaves 🍁 are out ; a little rain never stopped anyone. First stop on our ten-county New Hampshire tour was Keene State College where I spoke to the U.S. politics class. Impressive group with good questions!
We’ve lost a leader like no other. Elijah Cummings was a lion when standing up for his beloved Baltimore ; rights ; truth. But he was also so kind, including to brand new senators like me a decade ago. His advice was as true as his love for his country. 💔 
WE DID IT! Together we raised $1.1M in the 24 hours since the debate! This couldn't have happened without you and your support. Let's not stop! Keep the momentum going and donate today! 
Can a woman beat Donald Trump?Yes. does it every day. 
Fresh off of the Ohio debate stage, I'm in New Hampshire! Three hours of sleep isn't stopping me from visiting all 10 counties (once again) in 30 hours. Can you give $3, $30, or $300 to keep the momentum going? 
Fresh off of the Ohio debate stage, I'm in New Hampshire! Three hours of sleep isn't stopping me from visiting all 10 counties (once again) in 30 hours. Can you give $3, $30, or $300 to keep the momentum going?  
GREAT NEWS! Yesterday, right after the  we had the BEST fundraising hour of the ENTIRE CAMPAIGN! This is what momentum looks like. Will you help us break our campaign launch fundraising record? Donate here:  
Trump today on abandoning our Kurdish allies: “They’ve got a lot of sand over there, so there’s a lot of sand that they can play with.”  ... And I’m still waiting for him to tell me how this makes America great again. Oh, that’s right, it helps Russia.  
Nobody in this race wants to protect billionaires — not even the billionaire wants to protect billionaires.  
I’m still waiting to hear from Donald Trump how abandoning the Kurds for slaughter and coddling up to dictators like Putin makes America great again. It doesn’t — it makes Russia great again.  
I'm fighting for real plans, not pipe dreams.If you want our next president to get real results, then chip in $5 today and I’ll send you a sticker.
I'm fighting for real plans, not pipe dreams.If you want our next president to get real results, then chip in $5 today and I’ll send you a sticker.
A fantastic debate! We saw our momentum build throughout the night — visit  and help us grow our campaign. Thanks everyone! 
What I have done is win. I've won districts Trump carried by 20 points. I have won every race, every place, every time. And I'll do it again in 2020. 
Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri and Ohio all tried to effectively ban abortions this year. 3 in 4 Americans do not want to overturn Roe v. Wade. I will always fight for a woman's right to choose. 
I'm fighting for real plans, not pipe dreams.If you want our next president to get real results, then chip in $5 today and I’ll send you a sticker: 
Nearly 1 out of 2 Americans have a family member or close friend who struggles with addiction. I have a plan to address this epidemic, funded by those who have profited from it — the pharmaceutical companies  
  is correct: The Senate should move immediately to pass legislation requiring background checks on all gun sa…
I don’t see a moral equivalency between our country and Russia. Period. 
 Sen. Klobuchar: "I wouldn't even be up on this stage if it wasn't for unions and the dignity of work"  
No one is going to trust us. Not our NATO allies, not Israel, not the international community. We have to restore trust in our government, the office of the presidency, and with our allies around the world. 
When Donald Trump signed the tax bill he actually told his friends at Mar-a-Lago, “You all just got a lot richer.” And come to think of it that was the first time all year he told the truth. 
”Nobody on this stage wants to protect billionaires — not even the billionaire wants to protect billionaires." 
 Amy Klobuchar on "Medicare for All:" "I appreciate Elizabeth's work. But again, the difference between a plan and a pipe d…
Let's not trash Obamacare. The difference between a plan and a pipe dream is something that you can actually get done. 
Calling Ukraine for political dirt doesn't make America great again.Leaving the Kurds for slaughter doesn't make America great again.Coddling up to Vladimir Putin doesn’t make America great again.It makes Russia great again. 
It's time! I'm about to take the debate stage here in Ohio and make my case for an optimistic economic agenda for all Americans. Tune in! 
Almost time to get the headphones on...
Thank you, Yvette! My team and I had a great time. 
In honor of the debate today, check out our daughter Abigail’s video. (And join her in helping us break through all the noise by making a debate day contribution at  
Excited to take the stage tonight in Ohio for the  Let’s build on our momentum going into the debate — donate any amount big or small at 
The  is tomorrow! Our daughter Abigail wanted to help raise my “name ID,” so she made this video: 
Donald Trump has damaged our allies’ trust in us — I’ll start repairing those relationships starting on my first day in the White House. 
I shared my optimistic economic agenda and my plan to win in 2020 at the fantastic Ohio Democratic Party dinner hosted by and his tireless team. Thank you  
Same. 
The courts are having to reject one Trump administration initiative after another. This administration has very little understanding (or respect) for the law.
Thank you, District 12 is lucky to have you. 
We're now in Dayton, OH for the third stop on the Swing State Swing. Spoke with a survivor of the mass shooting that happened here in August. We must act to prevent gun violence, here and nationwide. 
Way to go Defense reminding us why they’re the best, offense putting on a real show. Great game against a strong team.  
Cities are doing what this administration won’t do — they are taking bold action to address the climate crisis. As President, I’ll make sure these mayors have an ally in the White House who will work with them, not against them.
Across the country, people are looking for someone to end the chaos of this administration and unite us with an optimistic economic agenda. I'm traveling throughout Ohio this weekend to talk about how we can bring people with us and win big in 2020.
No sanctions after the fact will stop this.  None.  No rallies or chants or tweets will bring back dead children.  This President should never have allowed this to happen and it must be stopped. 
 WATCH: Chuck asks Senator Klobuchar if there is anything the Senate can do to "put the toothpaste back in the tube" in re…
Just more proof as to why the Republican/Trump tax bill was a windfall for the wealthy and why it will be such a big issue in the election: U.S. billionaires paid lower tax rate than working class last year, researchers say. 
Stop  on this Swing State Swing — thank you for the warm welcome, Cleveland! And a special thanks to State Rep for introducing me. Ohio is going to be critical for us to win back the White House in 2020. Let’s win here and let’s win big! 
Wonderful time here in Toledo, Ohio on the first stop of my Swing State Swing! Thank you to Rep for introducing me and to all my grassroots supporters and organizers (people and pups alike) — we’re building a winning campaign throughout the country because of you! 
People say I need a viral moment to win this thing. So I thought I’d go on the same night as Here’s the interview: 
 "I think Americans don't want the loudest voice in the room anymore – they've got that in the White House. I think they wan…
I went on and shared what my experience as a prosecutor tells me: that the information we have on Donald Trump’s corrupt dealings with foreign leaders is just the beginning. We need more good people to come forward — this is about the future of our democracy. 
Court-ordered. At some point the President needs to listen to that old Clash song: “I fought the law and the law won.” 
Thank you for sharing your story. I’m honored to have you as a part of our team. 
Five, four, three, two, one. As I said at the and  every vote counts. And when we take back the Senate and win the White House, we’ll pass the Equality Act the next day. 
Social media platforms need truth standard for paid ads just like TV;radio; newspapers. And we should pass my Honest Ads Act to require them to tell us what the ad is ; who paid: Facebook lets politicians lie in ads, leaving Dems fearing what Trump will do 
 A young man who survived the discredited practice of conversion therapy asked Sen. Amy Klobuchar if she would work to stop it."Y…
The President just attacked Somali Americans in his rally in Minnesota. Immigrants and refugees have helped make our state a wonderful place to live and work — which is far more than this President has done. Stop using immigrants and refugees as political pawns!
Donald Trump is off the rails. We will stop this man.
  in 2018:  
Donald Trump just said that Minnesota will vote for him in 2020 — I won’t let that happen. You can join me in stopping him by contributing to my grassroots campaign: 
Today’s  and it’s an important reminder that we need to do more to support the one in five Americans who experience a mental health condition sometime in their lives. I’ve made mental health a priority for my administration. Here's my plan: 
Introducing our newest constituency group...  voting power: 0Adorability: 13/10 
Donald Trump is bringing his hateful rhetoric to my home state of Minnesota today.Join me in signing this petition to make it clear: in 2020, we’re going to beat him in Minnesota, in the Heartland and all over America.
Please go back to “Mar-a-Lago.”  At least you can pronounce that. Just another reason I can take this guy in the midwest. 
Criminal arrests on campaign finance charges of two Giuliani associates big deal and what I’ve been saying all along. Now the question of Justice Department is this: why is what the President did not worse.
News from New Hampshire: Proud to have the endorsement of Peter Burling! 
Today you’ll visit MN Mr. President, ; yes, hang out  w/your pals, but it won’t be “easy” to meet new friends: “Trump said that it would be “easy” for U.S.  to form new alliances if Kurds leave, noting that “they didn’t help us in WWII”  
Donald Trump is coming to my home state of Minnesota. He thinks he can win in the Midwest— but if I’m leading the ticket he can think again. Will you make a donation to show that this is the campaign that will win the Heartland and the White House in 2020?
G'mar Chatimah Tovah to all observing Yom Kippur.
My mom was told she had to quit teaching when she was pregnant with me. As points out here, this used to happen to teachers all the time. Thanks to for sharing her story. 
The Kurds are our friends and have been on the frontline in the war against ISIS since day one. Our President sold them out. He failed them.
The Founders knew something like this might happen and put checks in place to rein in any administration that doesn’t respect the rule of law. And — believe it or not, Mr. President — they were far smarter and wiser than you.
Thanks to Minnesota Secretary of State and local ; state leaders for joining me yesterday in Golden Valley for a discussion about election security. Minnesota is doing great things and we need backup paper ballots in every state. 
 Sen. Klobuchar says the report that Trump told Secy. of Energy Rick Perry and State Dept. officials to talk to Giuliani…
Our women athletes making us proud again on the global stage — congrats to Simone Biles and Minnesota’s own Sunisa Lee and Grace McCallum who helped make history!
Bring it on. 
 once told me that if he came to MN one more time in 2016, he would have won it. Well here’s what I’m telling him now: you can visit my state as many times as you want ; tweet all your divisive words—but when I’m leading the 2020 ticket you won’t have a chance.
Ruth Knelman, born in 1910, is 109 years old, as sharp as can be, and supporting me for President. OK, Democratic field, does anyone else have a 109-year-old? Game on. 
President Carter continues building homes for people in need. This is what we used to expect from our leaders: true service to others.
OK those were three hard playoff games but not one of them takes away the great season you gave our fans. ⚾️ Thanks for surprising everyone with the teamwork and all those home runs and happy games.  See you next year.
We have a duty to support those who stepped up to serve our country. Here is my plan for our veterans, including improving health care services, expanding access to education and training, and connecting those who served to jobs and economic opportunity: 
We agree that the future is in renewables. But this administration is bowing to special interests and undoing the progress we’ve made in recent years. I’ll get us back on track with sweeping legislation to get us to 100% net-zero emissions by 2050.
The President is sending a message to our allies that the United States is willing to abandon them at any moment, destroying our credibility at every turn. He is betraying our Kurdish partners who have led the fight against ISIS. This is no way to lead.
“Iowa’s rural hospitals are in a crisis.” That’s what I’ve heard and seen as I’ve traveled through fifty of Iowa’s counties.  Read my plan to strengthen our rural communities, including health care: 
Breaking: A federal judge just ruled that the President must provide his tax returns.  I don’t need a judge to rule on my returns.  You can find them here: 
Thanks person in Sitka, Alaska for putting up my sign.  A friend who was randomly walking by sent me this photo today.  I’ve been to your state but never to Sitka, and now I’ll have to visit. 
This President put his own interests (and the interests of his cronies) above that of the United States. That’s unacceptable. 
The emperor has no clothes. We need our Republican colleagues to call out this President.This morning w/ on 
It may be getting colder outside, but I received the warmest welcome at our Manchester office opening. Thanks to Max Toubman  and Sam Harris  on our team for introducing me — Granite Staters know how to organize! 
Another mass shooting — this time in Kansas City. Thinking of the victims, their families and loved ones, and the first responders. We must take action against gun violence. It’s long overdue.
A year of extreme weather continues — and there’s no reason to think next year will be any better. We need to get back into the International Climate Change Agreement and rejoin the global effort to tackle the climate crisis.
This is a time for courage — these whistleblowers are standing up for our democracy, and now we need Republicans in Congress to do the same. 
 “To me this is just like Watergate…he’s decided to use his clout with world leaders and try to do it on a global basis and the…
Thanks for your support and for all you do for Iowa and your district.  See you soon! 
Repealing or weakening this ruling could pave the way for states to end reproductive rights for over 25 million women. We need to stand up and fight for a woman’s right to choose. 
We’re going to rebuild a Blue Wall around Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin — and we’re going to make Donald Trump pay for it! 
And it just keeps escalating... Donald Trump will try to slice all those in his path but if more and more good and honest people keep coming forward and telling the truth, that truth will be the greatest sword of all. Thanks   
A big step forward and a great story — a dad listened to his daughter and made the nation’s first fully-electric station.
 "[Hope] means making it easier for unions to organize, that means joining the  - Sen. at 
Ads so untrue that TV channels won’t even air them. Donald Trump doesn’t seem to get what facts are (or why they’re important).
“The story of DREAMers is one of resiliency, adversity, overcoming and adapting.” My Latino Outreach Director, a DREAMer himself, has been an invaluable part of our team and reminds us all what we’re working for on this campaign. Here’s his story: 
And I end the day with this succinct summary  : It was never about ‘America First.’ It’s always been Trump first. 
Love the Minnesota and there are still innings to go.
I visited the REG Biorefinery Plant in Newton, IA today. Trump admin has been handing out these waivers to Big Oil like candy and selling out our rural communities for far too long. We need to support our local and regional economies instead of oil cartels in the Middle East. 
If true, this is yet another major offense. Imagine if all this energy that’s being used for his personal gain was instead directed towards making economic gains for our country.
A Trump-appointed CIA counsel reportedly made a criminal referral based on the whistleblower complaint. Why did the DOJ not start an investigation? We need to know.
As I said to  on Donald Trump thinks that announcing his crimes publicly somehow protects him. Well it doesn't protect him — it makes it worse. 
Here we have it — another smoking gun. This administration must be held accountable.
In many parts of our economy, this trade war is already showing its devastating impact — last month was the worst for American manufacturing in more than a decade. 
President Trump doesn’t get credit for offering a vague promise to try to undo the damage he has done to biofuels and the rural economy. Even if the President could be counted on to follow through on a promise, I believe it will end up being far too little, far too late.
I don’t want to be the President for half of America — I want to be the President for all of America. Join our homegrown campaign here:  
Thanks for having me, Adair County! And just like that we've visited 50 counties in Iowa! We’re over halfway there. This is how we're running our campaign — by going everywhere, meeting people where they are ; bringing them with us. You can count on me to do the same as President 
Not what you want to read for a good night’s sleep: “Top American diplomat in Ukraine repeatedly raised concerns about White House’s decision to withhold $391 million in aid from Ukraine, describing it as a “crazy” plan to withhold assistance “for help with a political campaign”
 Thank you for visiting ACE member plant SIRE to speak out about the misuse of  waivers,…
 “We in the Senate should be able to do two things at once,” Sen. Amy Klobuchar says, adding that while the House is conducting the…
We are about to head into a house party in West Des Moines! Join us live on Facebook: 
I spent this morning at Abraham Lincoln High School in Council Bluffs, Iowa learning about the TradeWorks program which gives students the tools ; skills they need to succeed in this economy. I look forward to being a President who helps these programs thrive ; continue to grow! 
The Donald Trump Re-Elect Playbook ⬇️ 
Rep. Cindy Axne and I want the U.S. Dept of Ag to investigate the economic impact of the 80-plus oil give-away waivers the Administration has granted. We requested it today. Between the trade war and the waivers, rural Midwest is getting pummeled. Numbers don’t lie.
Good news and a reminder why this fight is so important. While Georgia’s harmful anti-abortion law is blocked for now, a woman’s right to choose is under attack nationwide. As President, I will protect reproductive rights for every woman in America.
In Council Bluffs, Iowa. Looking forward to meeting up w/Rep. Cindy Axne to visit Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy. The Administration’s multiple waivers to oil cos. have done great damage to renewable fuels ; rural jobs. Cindy ; I are fighting to stop 🛑 this disasterous policy.
In Las Vegas, in El Paso and in Dayton we saw the extraordinary courage of ordinary people saving others. Washington needs to show even a fraction of that courage, stand up to the NRA, and move forward with gun reform now.   
Meeting people where they are, listening to what matters to them and being honest and transparent — this is how I’ve always approached public service and this is how we’ll win big in 2020. 
 Yes 👏 yes 👏 ye here to remind us all that gun violence isn’t just mass shootings, it’s everyday violen…
As I said on today: "We can do two things at once." We can do our constitutional duty by holding this president accountable and also move on critical issues like infrastructure and drug prices. We're doing our job — now Republicans need to step up and do theirs. 
  says, "The moment he stood in front of that CIA wall dedicated to those fallen agents and gave a par…
Bernie’s fighting spirit will get him through anything and everything.  Good to hear he is doing better and look forward to seeing him soon.
We released our FIRST AD today. If you feel stuck in the middle of the extremes of our politics ; you’re tired of the noise ; the nonsense, you’ve got a home with me. Because I don’t want to be the President for half of America, I want to be the President for ALL of America. 
Hatred. Racism. This is what it looks like.  
Proud to endorse Dan Feehan for Congress in MN-1. Dan has always chosen the road of service, put people first and worked for common sense solutions. I know he’ll be a strong voice for southern Minnesota. Visit his website ; show your support! 
Two years ago today, we saw the deadliest mass shooting in US history when a gunman opened fire on a crowd of festival-goers in Las Vegas. We also saw the courage of people risking (and giving) their lives to save others. We need to stand up to the NRA ; pass gun safety laws now.
Spoke w/ about the need to hold Donald Trump accountable. With new reports about the President seeking dirt from Australia, this is a truly global Watergate — we had to stand up for our Constitution then and we’ll have to do it again now.
Unions help all Americans succeed. I will stand with American workers and against any attempt to weaken the right to organize and collectively bargain. Here’s my plan: 
Happy 95th birthday President Carter! You’ve taught us all what it means to work for good (and keep doing it to 95). We love you in Minnesota ; I’ll let VP Mondale know that at 91, he has some catching up to do.Tell Rosalynn 95 gets you an extra pimento cheese sandwich for lunch.
100+ rural hospitals have closed in less than a decade with many more at risk. That’s why I made protecting these hospitals ; expanding rural health care a pillar of my plan to strengthen our agricultural ; rural communities.
Looking forward to the  Forum in Las Vegas. There are bills on Mitch McConnell’s doorstep right now to reduce gun violence... As President, I will stand up to the NRA and take action to keep our communities safe. 
Standing room only here at in Seattle’s University District this morning. We’ve got momentum and we’re using it to bring people together. Thank you for the warm welcome, Washington! 
Donald Trump is coming to Minnesota. He lost our state in 2016 and if I have anything to do with it he won’t come close in 2020. Let’s make that clear today. Can you pitch in on the last day of the quarter? 
Another great fall day in Iowa for my husband John - opening another field office with our group in Waterloo and speaking to a lot of energized Dems in Dubuque! Will return soon! 
Here’s a wall I am all for:
Spoke w/ and thousands of members of here at the  As the daughter of a union teacher and a union newspaperman, I know how strong unions lead to better lives. As President, I will stand up for the rights of workers. 
Important development: Intelligence panel has deal to hear whistleblower’s testimony 
To everyone celebrating Rosh Hashanah  — shana tova! Wishing you and your family a sweet new year.
If elected President, I promise I won’t spend 200+ days at a golf resort. (This is good news for the American people and ducks.) 
The courts had to step in again. This time a Judge ruled that the latest Trump admin policy would sweep up ; expel many legal immigrants and asylum seekers. We need comprehensive immigration reform ; I’ll work to get it done in my first year as President.
The end of the quarter is here. The next debate is right around the corner. This is the perfect time to donate! 
Scientists are stepping up to do what this administration won’t: address pollution and environmental degradation with science.
Thank you and for welcoming me to the  here in Austin, TX to share my vision for our country. Let’s mobilize and let’s win big.  
 Enjoying Oktoberfest in Littleton, NH. Good music, good conversation, and good beer. is all beer, no foam P…
When whistleblowers have the courage to speak up, they shouldn’t be silenced for political purposes. Here’s my plan as President to protect whistleblower information and increase transparency: 
As they say, thread! 🧵 
  "You can’t run for president for half of America. I am running for all of America." 
  is interviewing at 10:15 a.m.! Join us in the Paramount Theatre for  or watch li…
Voting is the foundation of our democracy, and right now we need you to help us repair that foundation. So make sure you’re registered to vote!  —  
One to save so you can explain all this to your future grandkids:  “you see it all started when this whistleblower in the White House...no it really didn’t start with that....you need to go back some...” 
Good to be in Austin, Texas at   I’m on at 10:15 am tomorrow with 
It’s almost the end of the quarter! I know you've heard a lot of over-the-top pleas at the end of the quarter but I'll just give it to you straight: there's no time like right now to contribute and show your support for our homegrown campaign:  
A President looks for dirt on an opponent and then covers it up. Sound familiar? On this morning: 
REMINDER: It has been over a year and a half since Donald Trump got us into a trade war that has already cost our country hundreds of thousands of jobs.
The President is coming to Minnesota. He lost our state in 2016 and if I have anything to do with it he won’t come close in 2020.
As I said on the with this is about the foundation of our democracy. James Madison said that we needed impeachment proceedings because a president might "betray his trust to foreign powers." This isn’t a partisan issue – it’s our constitutional obligation. 
 Sen. Klobuchar on Trump impeachment inquiry: "The outcome will be on us as a jury, but I think that evidence is incredible ...I…
How the history books will refer to Donald Trump's term in office: 
Sad irony: We have a President who shuts out people who seek to live in a democracy at the same time he undermines that democracy. 🗽  via 
TRANSLATION: The President is insinuating that those who assisted the whistleblower would be executed "in the old days."Nice.He knows no limits. 
Donate here! — 
It’s almost the end of the quarter! I know you've heard a lot of over-the-top pleas at the end of the quarter but I'll just give it to you straight: there's no time like right now to contribute and show your support for our homegrown campaign. 
The whistleblower complaint makes clear that the President repeatedly asked a foreign government to interfere in our elections and then the White House tried to cover it up. The President is abusing his power and shredding the Constitution.
As I said last night to on This shouldn’t be a partisan issue. Republicans and Democrats have an obligation to uphold the rule of law. A president can’t sell out our country for his own personal gain. 
Unbelievable. First Trump administration stops California higher gas mileage standards. Now this. If you didn’t notice they also threatened antitrust violations against carmakers who tried to work with California to meet standards. Shameless.  
!!  Never count out the Twins!This is a fun team. Twins win 5-1 in Detroit, clinch AL Central Division title. 
Voter suppression is real, insidious and disproportionately affects communities of color. We need to fully restore the Voting Rights Act now and strengthen protections for voters in states with a recent history of discrimination.
We need a voice from the Heartland on that debate stage in November — a voice that isn’t afraid to call out this President’s broken promises ; repeated failures. Help make sure I make it on the stage with a quick contribution here: 
This memo ( is clear: the President is abusing his power and trying to make secret deals with foreign leaders for his own political gain. It’s shameful. Our country deserves better.
I was just in Michigan (; Pennsylvania ; Wisconsin) as part of my Blue Wall tour ; Donald Trump ; his team should be scared — people are tired of the chaos of this administration ; they are eager for an optimistic economic agenda that will move us forward.
In Dec.2016 I went to Ukraine ;met with soldiers ; widows of those killed by Russian snipers w/Senators McCain ; Graham. Ukraine very much needed U.S. support to stand up to Russia: This isn’t just another spat. Trump compromised our security for his gain. 
The House did the right thing.
President said he’s releasing call transcript. Remember it’s the whistleblower complaint we must see. Not just one call. Complaint reportedly involves more. It isn’t legal to sell out your country for personal gain. As I’ve said before, House should open impeachment investigation
As the strike goes into its second week, we must remember that workers helped bring back the company over the past decade and they must share in the prosperity they helped create. 
What women are asking clinics in Alabama after abortion ban w/criminal penalties: “How much longer is it going to be legal in Alabama? What does this mean for you guys? When are you guys going to have to close? Where are the women going to go after me?” 
Looking forward to meeting these great women entrepreneurs today. We need more small business start-ups. 
Same. 
ALE: The DNC just raised the thresholds for the next  We have one poll in and three to go. Can you help keep our momentum going to ensure we have a spot on the debate stage?DONATE HERE: 
This president is treating the economy like one of his bankrupt casinos. And unless we stop him, he will bankrupt this country. 
There is a way forward from this climate crisis — we just have to have the courage to pursue it. Thanks to Greta and the millions of people who participated in the  
National Voter Registration Week is here — and it’s a perfect time to make sure you’re registered at  Better yet, how about this: let’s automatically register every young person to vote when they turn 18.
 gives a concise and clear description of what this is all about. 
It’s always good to watch a game that you know can’t get messed up in the last five minutes of the fourth quarter.  Skol!
Another farmer-owned ethanol plant is shutting down in Iowa in the face of this administration’s giveaways to Big Oil. Rural communities in Iowa and across the nation are hurting because this president is making secret deals behind their backs. 
And in the “favorite people I get to meet” category, here’s 109-year-old Ruth of Mpls. who we saw at breakfast. Born in 1910 ; remembers all. Her advice: Make new friends but keep the old. She’s found lots of new friends over the years, including me. Thanks for your support Ruth 
The climate crisis is getting worse and worse and Americans (this time in Texas) are suffering because of it. We need to take bold action, and we need to do it now.
This Blue Wall tour was just the start. I’ll be back in Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania — places that are reeling from Trump’s broken promises on trade, infrastructure, and just about everything else. Like I shared on we can win these states and we can win them big. 
Analysis by ⁦ worth a read and both surreal and so real: Ukraine, if you’re listening . . .: How Trump tries to quell controversies by saying the quiet part out loud 
I can handle the snow, I can handle the rain and I can handle Donald Trump. We’re going to rebuild the Blue Wall in 2020 and make Donald Trump pay for it!  
Great morning spent rallying with some of my favorite people at the  Thanks to everyone who came out! And thanks for making the trip Minneapolis Mayor and 
Steak fry, Drum line, Amy signs...it’s our time!  Thanks for the warm welcome Des Moines! 
  on her way in!  
The economy, infrastructure, and rural communities. These are issues that we don’t talk about enough — and we have to, if we want to win in 2020. 
Last night at the  Pulse Nightclub survivor Brandon asked me about gun safety. I brought him up on the stage. It has been two weeks and Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump still haven’t brought up the bills. Explain that to Brandon. 
Thanks team for working through the night at the  See you soon! 
The blue wave is coming. She knows it. 
Very excited to spend this evening with and at the  at I’ll be going on at 8:20, tune in with us via live stream 🏳️‍🌈  
Here in Cedar Rapids our team turned an orange-painted tanning salon (we can’t confirm if this is one the President goes to or not) into an Amy for America office with a blue wave... great office opening today! 
Spent the morning with students at Southeastern Community College  hearing their stories and how the community here has impacted their lives. This is why I believe in free one- and two-year community college. These are the lives that would change for the better. 
 is building long-term political power in the African American community in Milwaukee. That’s not only important for 2020 — that’s important for the future of our country. Thank you ; the entire team for welcoming me. 
Yes, he can.
Thank you for your advocacy for working people, your work on universal pre-K education, and for having been the voice from America's largest city in this race.
Young people all over the world are leading a  movement and everyone needs to listen. Climate change isn’t happening in a hundred years. It’s happening now.
Today is the third Friday of September, which means it’s National POW/MIA Recognition Day. I honor those Americans who sacrificed so much to serve their country.  
I'm going to rebuild the Blue Wall in 2020 — and I'm going to make Donald Trump pay for it.
John and I send our love and condolences to and the Clyburn family. Emily was a courageous activist and welcomed all. She will be deeply missed.
Fantastic trip out to Random Lake, Wisconsin to meet with Thelma Heidel-Baker and Ricky Baker — two dairy farmers from the Heartland. And the little calf? She’s just a week old, and guess what? They named her Amy! 
Welcome to Wisconsin Bo! 
Neo-Nazis (or, as the president called them at the time, “very fine people”) almost killed DeAndre. Only four were caught — the other two are still unidentified. DeAndre deserves justice.
At the strike in Detroit. An auto worker here has been at this picket line every day — and she has lost her voice. I let her know that I am here to be a voice for her.   
Day 2 of the Blue Wall tour! In Michigan today. Thank you to the team at the port for a great tour of a place that's crucial to our regional and national economy. We need to end this president's reckless trade-by-tweet policy and invest in our infrastructure. 
Granite Staters are tired of the noise, the nonsense and the extremes in our politics. I am, too. 
 workers should not be treated like this. Like I said on with “There has to be more balance in our economy so everyone will share in the prosperity." 
More than disturbing: Trump's communications with foreign leader raised red flags in intelligence community. 
A packed house here at Stack'd Burger in Pittsburgh — the only thing better than craft beer and custom burgers? Winning back the White House in 2020. 
Just finished touring the training facility in Pittsburgh. They’re training about 70 millwrights, floor covering specialists, cabinetmakers and more. Job training is part of why when unions are strong, America is strong. 
Thanks to friends in Philadelphia for wearing blue to kick off the Blue Wall tour in Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin. In Pittsburgh tonight. 
We need to win Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin in 2020. That’s why I’m on this Blue Wall tour. 
More good news out of Iowa: According to Starting Line’s tracker, “Klobuchar has the support of more current ; former legislators from Iowa than any other presidential candidate.” Klobuchar Nets 6 Endorsements From Past Iowa Legislators  via
 👏👏👏 moving up to 5th place in Iowa 📈Good morning to you too 
 Amy Klobuchar is now at 8% in Iowa, doubling her support from July! Feeling the momentum on the ground! 
Trump’s policies ; appointments (both judges ; cabinet) have hurt workers. So when things go wrong he looks for someone to blame instead of fixing it. I won’t make promises I can’t keep ; I’ll get things done. That’s what I shared w/ the   
I’m going to the Blue Wall states — Pennsylvania, Michigan ; Wisconsin — for the next two days. I went on to share with O’Donnell why this is so important: 
The hard work in Iowa is paying off! 
Campaign update: 1. Starting Blue Wall tour this A.M. in Philly;Pittsburgh PA ; on to Michigan ; Wisconsin. All states we lost but must ; will win.2. Watch for new endorsements ; momentum in Iowa 😉 today.3. Nice New Hampshire editorial in  4. Great visit to S.C
America is strong when our unions are strong. Thank you for having me.   
 speaks about her personal experience with the labor movement at the Workers’ Presidential Summit. 
Trump’s answer to the climate crisis? Reverse California’s attempt to raise CO2 emissions standards and then go after the car companies!: Probe of Automakers Looks Like Intimidation, Klobuchar Says 
My dad’s byline on story re winning 1961 debut game against Bears ; Tarkenton’s 4 TD passes! Thanks for sending me this and MN Historical Society for finding it. 
Today is Primary Day in Manchester, New Hampshire! Make sure to cast your ballot — we need leaders like  
We’ve lost a true pioneer in Cokie Roberts.  She was the best. I love the picture in this story of their all women NPR team from 1979.  
Okay, I know we just finished one debate — but this one is just around the corner! If you haven’t already, would you chip in to help build our campaign’s momentum even more? 
Honored to be a part of the 143rd annual Stump event at Galivants Ferry in South Carolina! We started with bluegrass music and folk dancing (as is tradition). Then I shared our campaign's message with the 1000+ people here: that there is far more that unites us than divides us. 
This is one of the reasons I wrote Justice Dept ; WH counsel today asking them to provide documents ; all undisclosed information. Like Sen. Coons, I also forwarded name to FBI last year. The White House directed that investigation from beginning to end. 
One way or another, we will get Donald Trump's tax returns.
A great welcome in S. Carolina at the College of Charleston  this morning. Met Pres. Andrew Hsu  students ; spoke w/ Prof at the Bully Pulpit series on infrastructure, the importance of public education ; how we can bridge the rural-urban divide. 
I stand with workers. I stand with  
 asked me on about my message for this campaign. Here’s what I said: 
It’s  My dad struggled with alcoholism and he was, in his words, "pursued by grace." He received the help he needed and I believe everyone should have the same right. Visit  for resources you or a loved one may need.
Congratulations to Peggy and Tom!  🎊 Lt. Gov. Peggy Flanagan marries former MPR reporter Tom Weber. 
 When so many people show up that you need to have the photo line start outside   
And did I mention I got to celebrate a birthday? is a field organizer with — one of many who are building and growing our campaign in the Hawkeye State. 
Thank you Bret, and so many others for making the opening of our new office in Des Moines a success! 
Let us never forget what courage looks like. 
Thanks Des Moines Union Baptist Church ; Reverends Thomas and Brown, Rep. Ruth Ann Gaines ; Councilwoman Hardman for the service today. Thanks Reverend Thomas for reminding all of us to “Count the joy.” 
My heart aches thinking of Bee and her loved ones. We must do all that we can do to protect our LGBTQ+ communities, including passing the Equality Act in the Senate.
Let’s go, — bring home the W from Lambeau today.  
 Sen. Amy Klobuchar on Justice Brett Kavanaugh: "I strongly opposed him, based on his views on executive power, which will…
A strong majority of voters want new laws on gun safety and climate and pharma prices. To get there? Stop the gerrymandering and the voter suppression and pass same day registration and a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens’ United. Your vote should count. 
We lost an icon of the civil rights movement yesterday. Juanita Abernathy was there from day one of the Montgomery bus boycott and despite constant death threats against her and her family, she marched on. Her courage made the world a better place.
I’m back in Florida for a roundtable on voting rights with election reform activists. We need to eliminate barriers for voting and ensure a fair and functioning democracy where every voice is heard. 
Here's how I started the  in Houston — with a reminder that what unites us is stronger than what divides us: 
Post debate news! Honored to have the endorsement of New Hampshire State Senator of Peterborough, one of 14 Democratic New Hampshire state senators.  Thanks Jeanne. 
President Trump is treating our farmers and workers like poker chips in one of his bankrupt casinos. And if we are not careful he’s going to bankrupt this country.  
There are three gun safety bills sitting on Mitch McConnell’s doorstep that we could pass right now, including my bill to close the boyfriend loophole. We need to send him a message to stop blocking this legislation — it’s a matter of life and death.  
I love this story. ⁦ : Washington Post reporter dissed Minnesota county, then moved there. Now he won't leave. 
The only thing better than a meal at the legendary Breakfast Klub in Houston? Getting to share it with Roberta, Mattie, Perry ; Sharia — all champions in the fight against gun violence. John, Abigail ; I had a great time in Texas. 'Til next time, Lone Star State! 
As I said during the debate last night and on this morning: We need to win big in 2020 and that means bringing people with you. I will fight for candidates up and down the ballot so we not only win the presidency but take back the Senate and statehouses, too. 
Check out the Texas Lazy River pool at the Houston Abigail says “who wears a pant suit to the pool?” Answer? Me. 🏊‍♀️ 
Houston, we’ve got a problem...and it’s that guy in the White House. Yep, that’s me taking a photo of the astronaut mirror in the Houston Marriott elevator (things to do in Houston when you have an hour off the morning after the debate).  👩‍🚀 
 Sen. Klobuchar joins to discuss what sets her apart from the other Democratic candidates."I actually get things d…
I closed the third  with my story, and the challenges that taught me the value of public service. 
Thanks to everyone who tuned in! We're seeing a massive spike in interest and contributions. This is the perfect time to chip in and help build momentum. Visit  and help make this great night even better!
I believe if we’re going to get things done that we have to have someone leading the ticket with grit. Someone who’s not just going to change the policies but change the tone in the country, and someone who believes in America and believes it from their heart. 
Day 4, 5 ; 6: I'll work on sweeping legislation with Congress and local governments. And on Day 7 you're supposed to rest — but I won't. 
We need to tackle the climate crisis. Day 1: I will enter the United States back into the International Climate Change Agreement. Day 2 ; 3? I'll reinstate the clean power rules and gas mileage standards. 
 Almost every American supports common-sense gun reform, and we’re glad is ready to get it done. When the…
 
  is correct: The Trump trade war has cost Americans 300,000 jobs and counting.   
On Mitch McConnell’s desk are three bills: universal background checks, closing the Charleston loophole, and my bill to make sure that domestic abusers don’t get deadly weapons. If you want action now, we have to send the message to Mitch McConnell.  
I've been leading the effort to close the Boyfriend Loophole, which would keep guns out of the hands of abusers. This is a critical step to keeping people safe. 
 
The First Step Act was a start in addressing criminal justice reform, but it's time for the Second Step Act. Nearly 90% of incarcerated people are in state and local facilities — we have to take action now 
That means that 149 million Americans will no longer be able to have their current insurance. That's in four years. I don't think that's a bold idea, I think it's a bad idea. 
When it comes to our health care and when it comes to our premiums, I go with the doctor's creed which is “do no harm.” And while Bernie wrote the bill, I read the bill. On pg 8 of the bill, it says that we will no longer have private insurance as we know it. 
 Sen. Amy Klobuchar: "While Bernie wrote the bill, I read the bill and on page 8 ... it says that we will no longer have private in…
If you feel stuck in the middle of the extremes in our politics and you are tired of the noise and the nonsense, you’ve got a home with me. Because I don’t want to be the President for half of America — I want to be the President for all of America. 
Taking the stage here in Houston! Watch online at  and join our homegrown campaign at   
Ready to go.  
Donate here! 
A little  prep with my daughter Abigail: 
Today's debate day! I hope you tune in tonight at 7 pm CT/8 pm ET on ABC or Univision. You can also join a Team Amy watch party near you:  
OK this is the fourth campaign-related engagement we’ve had so far. Now there’s nothing more romantic than watching the ten-person debate tonight.  🥰😱😉 🤔😅🤓🤭🤗🥳😎(That’s 10 emojis).Tune in on 
I want to change the tone of our politics. We need a president with an optimistic economic agenda to move our country forward.
Hunters, Republican voters and now CEOs want gun safety laws. Hey, Republicans in Congress and White House, does the NRA trump over 90 percent of America? CEOs implore Congress to pass stronger gun control laws. 
Proud of my Iowa State Director Lauren Dillon for leading There’s a record-breaking number of women running for President and our teams are blazing trails on the ground too.
“Not as fast” is not good enough — not when we have people dying because they have to ration their insulin. Read my plan for my first 100 days in office, including how I will work to bring down the cost of prescription drugs here: 
Everyone should be able to afford health care, but thanks to this administration's reckless actions, the number of uninsured Americans has increased by millions. This is unacceptable. We need to be moving forward, not backwards.
Tomorrow night, I’ll be taking the stage with the other top candidates — it’s “the playoffs.” And what better way to watch the playoffs than to throw a party? Sign up here and make a night of it:  
The Washington Post called Amy Klobuchar “Donald Trump’s worst nightmare." Help us keep up the momentum before the debate in Houston on September 12th. Donate now before our deadline:
The Washington Post called Amy Klobuchar “Donald Trump’s worst nightmare." Help us keep up the momentum before the debate in Houston on September 12th. Donate now before our deadline:
The Washington Post called Amy Klobuchar “Donald Trump’s worst nightmare." Help us keep up the momentum before the debate in Houston on September 12th. Donate now before our deadline:
Amy Klobuchar knocked it out of the park in the first two debates. Now she’s getting ready for the September 12th debate, and to make sure that it’s another success, she wants to hear from you. Take the September Debate Prep Survey today to share what YOU want to hear:
Amy Klobuchar knocked it out of the park in the first two debates. Now she’s getting ready for the September 12th debate, and to make sure that it’s another success, she wants to hear from you. Take the September Debate Prep Survey today to share what YOU want to hear:
Amy Klobuchar knocked it out of the park in the first two debates. Now she’s getting ready for the September 12th debate, and to make sure that it’s another success, she wants to hear from you. Take the September Debate Prep Survey today to share what YOU want to hear:
Amy Klobuchar knocked it out of the park in the first two debates. Now she’s getting ready for the September 12th debate, and to make sure that it’s another success, she wants to hear from you. Take the September Debate Prep Survey today to share what YOU want to hear:
Today we remember the lives lost, the fear and sorrow of 9/11, but also the heroism and kindness that followed. As a widow who lost her husband on Flight 93 said, "If we learn nothing else from this tragedy, we learn that life is short and there is no time for hate.” 
And the debate begins...  Good sitting by you 
With it being National Suicide Prevention Week, please remember that you are not alone. And if you need someone to talk to — confidentially, any time, day or night — the people at the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline are just a phone call away: 1-800-273-8255.
Today's the day, North Carolina! Be in line by 7:30 tonight, vote for and help get our country back on the path of progress! 
 I am so excited to have your endorsement! You're a trailblazer for women everywhere, as a teacher ; union member ; as the state rep who flipped a Republican seat in 2018! I'm glad to have a woman like you – who truly has grit – on this journey with me. 
So the President went after  and  on twitter...thinking back to a simpler time when Presidents didn’t attack private citizens. And hey, I have no idea how I got into this Vanity Fair photo, but I did.  
I somehow missed this AP photo taken by Mary Schwalm on 4th of July of John, Abigail ; me with New Hampshire friends. Reminds me of the joy in politics ; how much I love my family. As Abigail says “if life gives you a parade, walk it!” 
I just left the Senate floor. Here’s what I said: In a nation plagued by gun violence, we need to act. If this chamber can’t be bothered to find common ground, at least we should have some common sense. Gun owners know it. Americans know it.
Going to senate floor NOW to make case for moving on critical gun bills, election protection ;prescription drugs. I lead the bills on election security, closing gun law boyfriend loophole ; Medicare negotiation for drugs. Time for action is now. Mitch McConnell must let us vote.
 From Here’s how Amy Klobuchar could pull off the nomination 
Thanks for sponsoring the event on the strength of small businesses and the economy in New Hampshire. I enjoyed meeting Kendra of a specialty foods and meats shop that she and her husband own and run in Conway, NH. 
OK but you did come through! Happy for both of you and looking forward to the wedding. And thanks to you and your team for a fantastic 13th visit to New Hampshire this weekend with many more ahead. John loved the Merrimack County picnic ; the breakfast in Nashua! 
Thinking of our friends in the Duluth Jewish Community today. Fire destroys synagogue in downtown Duluth. 
In 2020, we don't just want to win, we want to win big. I spoke about how I’d do that at the New Hampshire Democratic Party State Convention yesterday. Thank you for having me, 
Yes, you negotiate with the Afghan government and the Taliban. But you don't treat this like some kind of game show when you're dealing with terrorists. 
The next debate is this Thursday, September 12th! Host a watch party and join our campaign: 
What a great start to the season for the today! 
OK it doesn’t get much more romantic than this ! See what happens when you sign up for   Congrats Lisa and Russ! And, along those lines, so happy for my extraordinary state director Scott Merrick ; the wonderful Mikayla Foster on their engagement! 💞💞🥂🥂 
My 13th visit to New Hampshire w/many more to come this fall:  convention recap: “Sen. Klobuchar brought her A game, displaying her familiarity with New Hampshire and identifying with its spirit of independence.” 
Thanks, Ambassador! 
We want to win big in 2020 — not just the White House, but Congress ; statehouses too. On I took this on as well as Donald Trump. As I said, when it comes to the Taliban, he is running his foreign policy like a game show when he’s in fact dealing with terrorists. 
This is not some kind of game show — we’re dealing with terrorists. 
 "We don't wanna find out we win at 4 a.m. in the morning or the next day. We wanna win big," says. "The way…
Really enjoyed questions!
Like I said to the I, for one, am tired of a whiner in the White House.If you are too, visit  and join our grassroots campaign! 
As President, I pledge that my Vice President will never stay at my resort. Oh that’s right, I don’t own a resort. 
Our team was out in force this morning for the New Hampshire Democratic Convention!  
Refugees come here legally and in my state the Hmong (who came here after the Vietnam War after fleeing their homeland) ; Somali refugees are a major part of our workforce. This is a bad idea for so many reasons 🗽 . 
YES. 
On my way to the New Hampshire Democratic Convention! Unless this cement truck gets in the way... 
Here's your Friday reminder that if the GA Secretary of State hadn’t been allowed to hold back 53,000 voter registrations, Stacey Abrams would be the Governor of Georgia right now. We have to stop the discrimination at the ballot box and restore the Voting Rights Act!
This administration’s assault on journalism continues. The freedom of the press is fundamental to our democracy. This needs to stop.
Thnx  Thanks for understanding that a lot of great musicians come from the middle of the country ; were either MN born or got their start/fame in MN’s music scene...Prince, Dylan, Lizzo ( this week) ; more..watch for my soon to be released playlist.  ☔️ 
These are CHILDREN who have endured serious trauma as a result of this administration's reckless policies. They belong with their families.
 "We need environmental justice in this country...People who are economically disadvantaged and people of color, many times t…
Cedar Rapids, IA will host a Presidential forum on LGBTQ issues on Sep 20. I'm happy to announce that I’ll be there! Thanks for the invite
 Sen. "It is a monumental crisis and I think what we have to dispel is this idea that it's happening 100 years f…
 
To everyone who watched my  on thank you! Visit my website  and join our homegrown campaign. Let’s tackle this climate crisis together.
An Ojibwe saying: Great leaders should make decisions not just for this generation, but for seven generations from now. We have a president that can’t make decisions for seven minutes from now.  
 Amy Klobuchar lays out her first seven days in presidential office   
 
People are seeing the effects of climate change in their own backyards, in their fields and on their farms. The cost of this climate crisis is being felt across the country and is why we must act now. 
When it comes to tackling climate change, we need a strong voice from the Heartland. Because this isn’t just about the rising sea levels — it’s about the floods, fires, and tornadoes. If we are going to lead this fight, we need to bring the whole country with us. 
My plan to tackle the climate crisis combines bold immediate action with a vision for a future with a transformed energy sector, thriving green industry, and scientific progress — all without leaving anyone behind.  
About to take the stage at  to share my bold vision on how to tackle the climate crisis. Tune in!
The climate crisis isn’t happening in a hundred years, it’s happening right now. Tune in to the  tonight at 7 pm ET/6 pm CT to hear my plan for bold and urgent action to tackle the climate crisis.
The vast majority of Americans (including the majority of gun owners) want gun safety reforms. Watch my interview on about how we can bring people with us and make progress happen: 
“Your life is a relay race. Every time you achieve something, you pass the baton to the next person.”So very proud of you Ahmed. Can’t wait to see what you do next! 
As I said to Lawrence O’Donnell on when it comes to trade negotiations, you've got to keep your promises and keep your threats. This Presidents is doing neither. 
Klobuchar: 'It's not American' to block election security measures. On  O’Donnell  last night.  
In addition to giving to the  , here’s ideas on how to help the Bahamas and other communities affected by Hurricane Dorian  
Wildfires are raging across the world. It’s time for the US to reclaim its role as a leader in the movement to save the planet. I will get us back into the International Climate Change Agreement on Day One.
Thank you, League of Conservation Voters. Our earth is worth fighting for. And that’s what my climate plan does. 
Julie has been teaching young Granite Staters for 40 years — being the daughter of a teacher, too, having her support means so much to me. Thank you Julie! 
This admin’s climate policy in a nutshell: undoing years of hard-won progress for no good reason. I’ll repair the damage done, reinstate rules that protect the environment, and get us back into the International Climate Change Agreement on Day One.
I’m proud to be running with some amazing women. There’s so much more that unites us than divides us.
 via 
No matter where you come from, no matter who you know, you should be able to make it in this country. That is what Labor Day and unions are all about. The hardworking men and women I met at the Rock Island picnic in the Quad Cities know that! 
Will be on townhall on Wednesday night around 7 p.m. ET/6 p.m. CT to talk about how to address the climate crisis. Tune in and watch  
Took in a baseball game with Iowa State Rep. owner Dave Heller and some great fans here in Davenport, IA. BREAKING UPDATE: They just won 10-4! 
Thanks to my husband John and our crew in New Hampshire for marching in the Milford Labor Day parade (what’s a few clouds and a little rain) and attending the  breakfast! 
In Quad Cities for Labor Day.  Great event featuring and  Thanks and all your hard-working members! 
The Hawkeye Labor Council and their President Kelly Steinke know how to throw a Labor Day picnic! In Iowa celebrating our workers and unions today. When they’re strong, America is strong. 
I was in Cedar Rapids last night for a climate conversation with my friend a leader on this issue for years. We both know we need to act urgently, for the good of the Heartland and the nation. Thank you Rob and for hosting us! 
As the granddaughter of an iron ore miner and the daughter of a union teacher and a union newspaperman, I know that our workers and our unions are the backbone of this nation. On this Labor Day, let’s make sure the next President stands up for American workers.
Among the Texas shooting victims: A high school student, a beloved uncle and a father of two 
The climate crisis isn’t happening in 100 years — it’s happening now and we need urgent action. Here’s my plan to transform our energy sector, rebuild a green America, unlock scientific breakthroughs, mobilize the Heartland and leave no one behind: 
The spirit of Labor Day was alive and well at the Clinton Labor Congress Picnic in Iowa today! A reminder that when unions are strong, our economy is strong. 
The debates are just around the corner — and I need your help! Show the strength of our homegrown campaign and donate any amount at  or text AMY to 91990. 
A 17-month old child was among those injured in Texas yesterday. She was shot in the face. She was born after Parkland — after the president promised to do something about gun violence but nothing was done. No more broken promises.
We are all holding those in Dorian’s path in our prayers today.  Also those emergency and medical workers and first responders who do extraordinary things every day to save lives.  
More shootings. More tragic losses. Again in Texas. I wanted us to go back to work in the Senate weeks ago to pass the bills to start fixing this. They didn’t. No more of the same playbook: (1) promises made; (2) NRA meeting; (3) promises broken. We need to act.
Good to take a break from the campaign trail to visit with my dad. He’s cheering on the Twins!  And as a former sportswriter he’s seen a lot of good seasons (and a few bad ones)! 
As of today the FEC can’t meet and it can’t secure our elections. The President must nominate a Commissioner to fill the vacant Democratic seat. Today I sent him a letter urging him to swiftly complete the vetting process on the Democratic candidate. Our democracy depends on it.
Latest news on Dorian is that things have may have improved slightly for Florida but it could change at any time and states further north now at risk. Thanks to all those working overtime to prepare.  
NOTE TO ADMINISTRATION: a flu “outbreak” means it breaks out of wherever you are trying to contain it.  JUST GIVE THE KIDS/FAMILIES THE SHOTS!  You’re putting everyone at risk: Immigration officials are putting all Americans at risk of a flu outbreak. 
Another great day at the  meeting fairgoers and the dedicated volunteers at our booth who make the Great Minnesota Get Together even greater. 
As a daughter of a union teacher and a lifelong advocate for union members and the right to organize, this gives me hope — Americans stand with our unions.
Looking forward to being on the debate stage in just two weeks! If you haven’t chipped in yet, this is the perfect time to donate to our grassroots campaign:  
Every day Donald Trump wakes up and looks for opportunities to divide this country. We need someone who can unite people and move our nation forward — that’s how I’m running this campaign and that’s how I’ll govern as president. 
Deporting kids with cancer? Can he go any lower?
Here’s some good news: this bill has been signed into law. More struggling farming families will now have a fighting chance to keep their farms as they reorganize their businesses. Govt is about making people’s lives better — this is an example of that.
Spoke to the for their 63rd Annual Constitutional Convention yesterday. I come from a union family. I know that when unions are strong, America is strong. And unlike this President, I won’t whine or make empty promises, I’ll get things done for working families. 
Gut punched. That’s what the president did to Midwest farmers and the renewable fuels industry when he broke his promise to them.
He’s not old enough to vote but he just turned a line outside Popeyes into an example of democracy in action. Thank you, David!
When around 25 percent of what you pay for concert tickets goes to Live Nation/Ticketmaster (same thing), music lovers we have a problem.  and I are calling for an investigation.  
Good to sit down with the for an hour...here’s their initial thoughts. Mine? With the debate stage down to ten, substance matters. The ability  to bring people together to govern matters. And yes, being able to beat Donald Trump matters. 
Today's the day Emmett Till was murdered. Today's the day hundreds of thousands joined the March on Washington ; Dr. King proclaimed “I Have a Dream.” ; today's a day to reflect on the fight against injustice, the power of protest ; the meaning of America.
 thanks for all you brought to this race. As someone who has seen you persistently lead the 9/11 first responders ; military sex assault bills, bravely pitch the women’s congressional softball game, ; be a great mom to Henry ; Theo, there’s so much more to come!
I appreciate your support Amalia! And if you ever decide to run for office, you can count on me to make phone calls for you. 
I’ve loved working with Johnny Isakson. Together we co-chaired the Nat’l Prayer Breakfast ; he has been a leader on vets’ issues ; always a decent, caring ; friendly colleague. I know he’ll be able to spend more time w/his family ; friends this way but I will miss him very much. 
 "As president, I won't fold. As a senator two weeks from now, we won't fold." -- Sen. Amy Klobuchar, regarding gun lawsWATC…
The companies that profited from the opioid crisis must pay. Accountability is coming.
A temporary victory. This is why we need to organize, fight and vote — in Missouri and in every part of our country.
Pretty good for a photo out the plane window in row 10!  Sun setting in a beautiful blue sky somewhere between Minnesota and Nevada. 
I've said it before and I said it again today – farmers and rural Iowa are getting gut punched by the Trump administration when they grant these small refinery waivers to big oil companies. Thanks and former Secretary of Ag Tom Vilsack for joining me! 
 Right now Pam Johnson (former pres. of National Corn Growers Assocation) and former Iowa Gov. Tom Vilsack…
Proud to have received the endorsement of  , one of many Iowans whose homes were flooded out this spring. As a country we can no longer ignore decaying infrastructure and climate change.  
This is just the beginning.  More companies profited off of people’s addiction and they must pay for treatment. 
The FEC has long been gridlocked and ineffective and it needs to be restructured. I have legislation to do it. You can’t have a functioning democracy with no one to enforce the campaign rules.  via 
In rural communities in New Hampshire and around the country, the effects of climate change are being felt right now. So we need to act right now. 
Toured Stonewall Farm  /education center this morning in Keene, NH. Met w/ leaders ; residents to discuss climate change's impact in rural communities. Thanks State Sen Kahn  and fmr. State Sen Kelly  for joining me ; your activism! 
I’m happy to unleash my latest endorsement. Rory the pup has officially endorsed my candidacy. She says it’s ruff to pick a candidate, but my campaign is a real treat 🐶 
Thanks for visiting the Minnesota State Fair Bernie and next time you’ve got to try the cheese curds.... 
The American people are tired of the President’s whining — we need a president who leads. I have a track record of bringing together Democrats, Independents and Republicans to get things done — and that's what we need to do to win. 
Thank you to Helen Honorow for your support and hosting this beautiful party here in Nashua, NH. I especially enjoyed getting to stand next to Helen’s RBG action figure, who, as Helen said, gives us courage and motivation to take on anything. 
Met with Granite Staters at the beautiful Seacoast Science Center  in Rye, NH with State Senator and former Speaker of the NH State House to discuss our rising sea levels. Climate change is happening now — we can’t wait to take action. 
  says Pres. Trump’s tariffs on China are “starting to hurt everyday Americans.” She says, “You can use tar…
Thanks for asking Paul!  Everyone can tune in on at 2 pm ET to join me at a house party hosted by Helen Honorow in Nashua, NH!  
A year ago today, we lost my friend John McCain. He was a combat veteran, a POW, a Congressman, a Senator, and a presidential candidate who reminded us that we can treat each other with civility and kindness, even when we disagree. He was truly an American hero.
Was on with Chris Wallace this morning: Presidential candidate Klobuchar talks US-China trade war and her plans for the economy |  
 is from Minnesota. Proud of her success!  
I shared this message with the  last night: We must come together as a party, because what unites us is so much stronger than what divides us. 
Mattie, who lost her son to gun violence, says it best -- we will pass gun reform "With or without you, Mitch McConnell." Thank you Mattie, Ruth, and for leading this fight. 
Abigail joined me at the  and we watched the carving of the new Princess Kay of the Milky Way (her name's Amy, too!) 
A strong Democratic Party means success at all levels of government. As President, I will work with to strengthen our State Parties and ensure they have the support they need. Together, we will move our country forward from the ground up. 
“No evidence of disease” and “no further treatment needed.”  And that’s why she’s the Notorious RBG.  Invincible.  
The Amazon rainforest is on fire and the climate crisis is here. We need to act now. 
Whether it's his tours of duty in Iraq as a Marine, or his time in the House representing Massachusetts, has served, and continues to serve, his country and his community with honor. Thanks for your good work Seth but I will miss you in those New Hampshire parades!
At the DFL MN fair booth...stop by! Our daughter Abigail and her friend Marie casting their soybeans at the DFL booth at the Minnesota State Fair.  Due to Donald Trump’s policies, there are sadly a lot of soybeans piling up in our country. Remember to use one to vote!” 
Thanks to Glen Stubbe for this great photo from the Fair.  What was supposed to be some hand shaking at our booth turned into something else!  Thanks to Lt. Gov. for helping out and when the State Fair said no mics we just spoke louder! 
Now there’s a unique seed-based portrait for the ages. Last year it hung in the State Fair’s horticulture building...it needs a new home and I have a few ideas! 
 Sen speaks to a crowd at her  booth 
Thanks to everyone who stopped by our  booth today! Day One is in the books! 
This is what we mean by the Great Minnesota Get-Together!  
My favorite day of the year — the first day of the Great Minnesota Get Together! Love to see all the early risers (Hey there ; and meet the state fair staff on this gorgeous Minnesota morning. 
5 a.m. and headed out to opening day of the MN State Fair. Double good day: (1) Abigail ; John here ; (2) easy to meet my less than one minute for the mini-NYT Crossword puzzle daily goal when I’m in it, that’s for sure. 
Definition of a Whiner-In-Chief: A President, who instead of tackling the economy and the challenges of our nation, blames Barack Obama, the press, Jewish Democratic voters, immigrants, Baltimore, and, oh yes, the Prime Minister of Denmark 🇩🇰 for the chaos he has wrought.
Governor made the climate crisis the centerpiece of his campaign and our nation is better because of it. Thank you for the bold ideas you brought to this race Governor.
When unions are strong, our economy is strong. Like Senator Paul Wellstone said, "We all do better when we all do better." Great to be at the convention today! 
What do many of these mass murderers have in common? A history of violence and hatred towards women. We must close the boyfriend loophole and prevent domestic abusers from buying deadly weapons. And we can do it now. 
We live in a democracy and no one owes you a vote. This is unacceptable.
One call from the NRA is all it takes....how about a president who isn’t afraid of them?  via 
The President has now managed to alienate Denmark. Did not see that one coming. 
From my days as county attorney to my years in the Senate, I have made working on — and understanding — issues facing the Native American community a priority. 
At the Frank LaMere Native American Presidential Forum, I was introduced by Melanie Benjamin, Chief Executive of Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe. I’m proud to have her endorsement and I’ll continue to fight for Native American communities and bring that commitment to the White House. 
It’s always a good idea to make some hotdish. Try my special recipe and help support our grassroots campaign, too!
Even automakers are saying let’s not rollback these environmental protections. Why is this administration trying to bully businesses into polluting more?
When extreme ideology starts interfering with practical policy, you get things like this: poorer, younger women losing access to birth control.
This President is jeopardizing the health of millions of people. I stand with Planned Parenthood and against the dangerous Title X gag rule.  
Traveling is hard enough as it is — let’s not make it more difficult.
Honored to speak at the Frank LaMere Native American Presidential Forum today, the first dedicated to Native American issues. Thank you ; all for organizing! We must have true government-to-government relations with our tribes.  
I do my job to make a difference in people’s lives. Ideas are good, but turning ideas into action is what matters.That’s what I’ve done as Senator ; that’s what I’ll do as president. See the over 100 bills I’ve gotten signed into law as the lead Democrat: 
Thanks for your support Burt! I like your direct New Hampshire approach... real results matter. 
Thank you NH State Rep. Liz McConnell  for hosting our campaign’s first Hot Dish House Party last night. Served my own award-winning recipe! 
Looking forward to being part of Native American Presidential Forum in Sioux City today. Proud to have support of many tribal leaders including Chief Exec Melanie Benjamin ; highest ranking U.S. Native American executive office holder Lieutenant Gov 
Daily reminder: Speaking of Greenland...a Greenland ice sheet just lost enough water to fill 4,400,000 Olympic-size swimming pools. In one day.  This is more than climate change, it’s a climate crisis. We must take action now.
99 years ago today, a woman's right to vote was recognized in our Constitution. We should honor the suffragists, and all those who have struggled for their right to vote, by protecting our democracy and ensuring voting rights for all Americans.
What's a summer day in New Hampshire without picnics! First with the Hillsborough County Dems  then with the Strafford County Dems  — happy to have met so many Granite State Democrats who are energized and ready to win. 
Just left a great canvass kickoff for Manchester Mayor Love her slogan: “My choice is Joyce” 
Breakfast with the Kent Street Coalition in Concord, NH. These volunteers work tirelessly for gun safety in the Granite State. No more waiting. We need action on gun safety legislation NOW. 
After Steve King’s comments re rape and incest this week, this is how many Iowans showed up at his town hall.  And this is why will win. 
Ag and rural are a big part of my job ; these endorsements mean a lot! Iowa Caucus: Amy Klobuchar's campaign nabs endorsement from Floyd County farmer, former Corn Growers president | Mason City ; North Iowa |  
And no rain, sleet or snow would ever stop the inimitable from doing a great job in Charleston and everywhere else!  See you in New Hampshire Carlie! 
If you want to run for President, you’ve got to prove you can do the work: I’ve passed over 100 bills into law where I’m the lead Democrat.
Donald Trump caved to Big Oil. Again. We should be standing with our farmers, not giving secret waivers to multi-billion dollar oil companies. I have long been leading this fight against the administration and as President I will stop these waivers. 
Grabbed one of the last blueberry biscuits from Charleston’s and crashed a bachelor party in the process this morning! Great to meet owner (and the “hands behind the biscuits”) Carrie Morey and her team. 
Thank you Rep from Fayetteville for joining me ; for your work on gun safety, as well as House Minority Leader Fred Love Senator and Reps. Garner McCullough Scott ; Flowers 
Roberta McKelvin lost her son to gun violence. I stood with her and others at the South Carolina State House yesterday to call on lawmakers to show an ounce of the courage that Roberta has. Match her strength and let's get gun safety legislation passed. 
The difference between Donald Trump and Greenland? Greenland is not for sale.
Great breakfast meeting with the Arkansas Democratic Black Caucus at David’s Family Kitchen in Little Rock this morning! From affordable housing to reducing gun violence to a positive economic agenda, we will carve a path of progress for this country together. 
Last week I embarked on a 20 county tour of Iowa to talk about my ideas to strengthen our rural ; agricultural communities. I'm so honored to have the endorsement of these Iowa farmers that keep America strong! Thank you Pam Johnson, Dan ; Allison Sorenson and Mary Jensen! 
A new Fox poll shows that a strong majority of voters in red states want to see gun safety laws. Good to be with Democrats in Arkansas yesterday who are standing up for what is right.  
We have to remember the courage of the victims and their loved ones in these tragic shootings. As I said in Arkansas yesterday, knowing what they've experienced, how can the Senate continue to cower and refuse to pass gun safety legislation? 
To make progress, it’s not enough to win the White House — we’ll have to win state legislative seats across the country. Proud to sign  and support Democrats on every part of the ballot in 2020.
Thank you Arkansas Democrats! 
Well, here goes I’ve called Trump’s plan for seniors “Medicare Cuts For All,” ; the trillions he’s added to the debt makes it worse. Instead of relitigating ACA, I’ll deal w/the elephant in the room—long term care. My seniors plan at  
 Presidential candidate Amy Klobuchar on gun reform: “I think you've got a sea change, and so I don't concede that we're not going…
Got to meet these wonderful students on their first day at the of Public Service on my tour of the A great day here in Little Rock! 
Unions are about the simple idea of shared dreams and shared prosperity. No matter where you come from, no matter who you know or how much money you have, you can make it in America. 
This is not what great democracies do. Vociferous disagreement on issues—yes. Denying congressional members entry—no. As for the President’s message that allowing the congresswomen to visit Israel would be a “sign of weakness?” Exporting intolerance is the true sign of weakness. 
 is the opposite of "all foam, no beer!” Thank you Governor for your public service and the experience and ideas you brought to this race. 
Integrity is everything. Thank you so much for your support, Edie! 
“We have no doubt that Klobuchar can win Iowa and Wisconsin...and her Midwestern progressive pragmatism should appeal to voters across the nation whom Trump won in 2016.” Sat down with editor ; Pulitzer Prize winner in Iowa last week 
Good to see my cousin Becca—my favorite veterinarian—in her home state of Colorado! Enjoyed speaking at Denver Now in Little Rock to see Arkansas Dems..woke up in Vegas, then Denver and ended up in Arkansas tonight. Thanks to all airline workers for great flights! 
Another tragic shooting.  This time in Philadelphia.  We have to end this scourge of gun violence.
Look at the climate change impact right where you live ; pass on! The consequences are already here ; the repercussions will be catastrophic if we don't act fast. As president I’ll put forward sweeping legislation to tackle the climate crisis. 
Steve King's remarks are reprehensible. It's time for him to go. Donate to his opponent now -  
When unions are strong, America is strong. And as I said to members at the Painters ; Allied Trades 32nd Convention this morning in Las Vegas, if anyone doubts the power of working people organizing for elections, I have 4 words for you: Former Governor Scott Walker. 
I’ll say it again: The Senate needs to get back to work. We could pass universal background check legislation that 97% of Americans support. Bring it up for a vote. Now.
Iowa, thank you for the warm welcome in 20 counties and a big finale at your amazing state fair. Getting to meet so many of you and hearing your stories is one of the best parts of campaigning. See you soon! 
TRANSLATION: The President will only secure our elections from foreign interference if he's allowed to suppress the vote. Unacceptable. 
We must stand in solidarity with the people of Hong Kong peacefully protesting to defend their freedom and democracy. It’s time for American leadership that stands up for our values.
Right now, if you commit domestic abuse against your wife, you can’t get a gun. If you do it to your girlfriend, you can.That’s outrageous — and that's why I lead the bill to close this "boyfriend loophole." We need to pass it now. 
Beyond proud of Sunisa Lee and Grace McCallum — both Minnesotans! — who shared the winners podium with Simone Biles. Can’t wait to see what they do next.
Thank you for your support Jean! 
 WATCH: on her new gun-safety proposal.  
He’s at it again: President plays election politics, betting on hate and using legal immigrants as pawns by forcing them to either accept legal benefits which the law allows or reject them to better the chances of getting permanent residence. Call it out.  
Two years ago, a violent white supremacist rally shook Charlottesville and killed Heather Heyer. As President, I'll end the hateful rhetoric that has become all too routine during the Trump administration ; make combating domestic terrorism ; hate-motivated violence a priority.
I'm honored to have Iowa’s endorse me for President. The first Indian-born American woman to hold a state legislative position, former IA Rep ; IA Senator – now that’s a track record! Swati, thank you for your support!
“How will we pay our rent now?”“Will I ever see my dad again?”“Will I be next?”These are the questions children are forced to ask in the wake of the ICE raids in Mississippi. We, as a nation, must be better than this.
Butter cows, pork chop sandwiches and a day with What a great day at the 
Wow — this Minnesotan fish has been swimming since Roosevelt was president! (Teddy, not Franklin.)
The CDC must study gun violence as a public health issue. It will save lives. 
Agree! 
 Sen. Amy Klobuchar talks to about closing the “boyfriend loophole” as a step to reduce gun violence 
This has to stop. 
We can bridge the rural-urban divide, and I just visited 20 counties in Iowa to share how we can get it done.
We must pass the bill I lead to close the boyfriend loophole. What does it mean? Federal law says if you’re convicted of abusing your wife you can’t get a gun; if it’s your girlfriend you can. The House passed it; NRA has stopped it.Time for action is now 
Interview with  of the  on the Iowa State Fair Sky Glider: In interview gliding above the Iowa State Fair, Amy Klobuchar says we're living through 'a moment like no other' 
👋 
Checking out the Butter Cow with my friend and discussing the merits of the versus the It’s a tough one... 
After Sandy Hook, I had to go and tell parents who lost their children that the background check bill we were working on would not make it through the Senate. It was the saddest day in my time in office. That cannot happen again. We must act now. 
 . is kicking off her speech at the  political ⁩soapbox at the Iowa State Fair. She says she do…
To and all people working to end gun violence: Never give up. The heat is on the Senate like it has never been before. Keep showing up, keep fighting. We can get this done and finally pass gun safety legislation.  
I set off on a 20-county tour of Iowa with this message: that as president, I will make sure that the Midwest isn't left behind. We need to bridge the rural-urban divide and come together to move our country forward. 
Iowa ; the nation know that unlike Trump, we are not afraid! We are not afraid of change, we are not afraid of science, and we are not afraid of a woman in the White House! So join me not in fear — join me free of fear. Let’s go get it done. Thanks for having me 
 Have long admired Senator Klobuchar ; her common sense approach. "Dayton, one thing people will never forget: nine peo…
 The scene inside and out as Sen takes the stage at the Iowa Democratic Wing Ding at the Surf Ballroom in Clear…
You know it’s good conversation when you end up joining tables together so everyone can sit ; talk about the issues that matter - the importance of education, access to mental health care ; fixing tariffs. It was great to meet Dick, Betty ; their friends in Strawberry Point. 
Kicked off Day Three of our 20-county Iowa tour in Strawberry Point with a stop at the World’s Largest Strawberry! It’s a beautiful day and we’re excited for the day ahead! 
Pauline’s a teacher, just like my mom. Proud to have earned her support! 
Closed down Monty’s last night with a full house in Tipton, IA! It’s crowds like this that show everyone the Midwest refuses to be left behind! 
 Packed house in Tipton tonight for It’s her eighth event of the day in eight counties. She promises Iowans, “W…
Day 2 on our Iowa tour ; we’ve hit 14 counties! Met with family farmers in Iowa Falls, spoke about supporting hospitals in Marengo ; sat down with veterans in Marshalltown ; we still have 2 days left! Every day I’m more convinced than before: we can bridge the rural-urban divide. 
Visited Dave ; Mary Jensen who are soybean ; corn farmers in Hardin County, IA. Mary moved to this farm when she was just 4. We went around the lake on their ranger (as a Minnesotan, can’t pass up being by the lake) ; talked about how the tariffs are affecting them. 
Here are the nine times that the president promised to support universal background checks in our meeting after Parkland. Then he met with the NRA the next day and folded.No more talk. We need immediate action. As your President I won’t fold. 
We need to fight the rising tide of domestic terrorism and hate crimes in this country. I've been taking on hate crimes since my days as a prosecutor. I know the bloodshed, pain and trauma these crimes inflict. My plan to help keep our communities safe: 
Nice  story about my husband John; why we love Baltimore. His classic quote? “I do offer advice. Anybody who has been married knows the spouse doesn’t always take your advice.” (And yes he advised me not to put this quote in a tweet).  
It’s 7:30 a.m. and we’re headed to Mornin’ Glory Coffee in Webster City, Iowa. After six counties yesterday and eight today, it’s a good idea to start out the journey with some ☕️ 
 Everyone on their feet for in  at the Summer Sizzler!!  
We started the day with the flag on the barn in Ankeny and ended with this one. Thanks to the Dickinson County Iowa Democrats for welcoming me to your Summer Sizzler in Spirit Lake. What unites America is so much greater than what divides us. We are on the right side of history. 
We need to be talking about gun safety reforms everywhere we go, including in rural America — that’s what I’m doing in Iowa today. The conversation is changing, and we need to come together to get this done. 
Met many new friends in Storm Lake today.  And thanks to Carol and Rick Peterson for hosting me at your house and on your front lawn this afternoon! 
Thanks Carroll, Iowa for hosting me today!  Good questions and much enthusiasm.  No better place to talk about turning red to blue than Steve King’s (soon to be J.D. Scholten’s) district!  
What better name for a leader in community wind turbines than Thomas Wind! As part of my twenty-county Iowa tour I stopped by Junction Hilltop Wind Farm. Investments in and incentives for clean energy will be a key part of my energy policy. 💨 ☀️ 
Today I announced my plan to strengthen our rural economies. Heartland politics is about bridging rural/urban divide, farm policy ; housing ; health ; child care. As a sr member of AG com. from a rural state I get it ; will lead on these issues. Read here:  
Headed to the Griffieon family farm in Ankeny, Iowa, this morning. That flag hanging in rural Iowa is the same one hanging in El Paso and Dayton, honoring those we have lost. We are one America. Words matter. Actions matter. 
We lost a hero today.  “We speak, we write, we do language. That is how civilizations heal.”  
We must take this on. We must condemn hate and embrace our immigrant community. 
Looking forward to joining Arkansas Democrats in Little Rock on August 15th!  
We need you in the House, 
Thank you Orange County California Democrats for hosting me last night. That was a lot of people! Now I know how you turned the tide from red to blue in 2018 and we expect great things in 2020! Keep it up! 
If public safety is our goal, the answer is gun safety legislation and the people are with us as  reminds us: What it will take to make the response different this time. 
I’ll be there. We’ll take on the NRA together. 
Taking the stage soon at  — thank you for hosting. We are living through a heartbreaking moment in our nation's history and good to be here with those standing up for immigrants. 
“Mental illness ; hate pulls trigger, not the gun” is President’s dodge to avoid truth: there’s mental illness;hate throughout world, but U.S. stands alone w/high rate of gun violence. When someone can kill 9 people in a minute, that gun should never have been sold. Action!
“We're going to get it passed." That's what Donald Trump said to me on February 28, 2018 at the White House about gun safety laws after Parkland. Watch...Then he met with the NRA and he caved. 
We must stand up to the NRA. We cannot be a nation where parents are giving their lives to save their children while Senators sit on their hands. 
After Parkland I went to the White House and sat across the table from President Trump to make the case for strong gun laws. I kept track. Nine times he said he wanted universal background checks. Nine times. Then the next day he met with the NRA and folded. No more folding.
Yesterday was a dark day. From El Paso to Dayton in less than 24 hours, we simply cannot go on like this. I mourn for the lives lost and the families devastated. Inaction is unacceptable. No more talk. The time for passing legislation is now. I’m ready to go back tomorrow.
At the  today, I shared what was on my mind: El Paso. 
Today innocent people—families—went to that mall in El Paso.  Some of them never came home.  The U.S. House has passed common sense gun safety legislation. It is long past time to pass it in the Senate. The question to ask: Whose side are you on? The NRA’s or the people’s.
My heart breaks for El Paso and those killed and injured by another mass shooting. This can’t keep happening. It just can’t. Every day Congress refuses to act and pass gun laws is a horrible omission of responsibility. This is a tragedy.
The climate crisis is happening NOW. I’ve been to Greenland ; seen this ice sheet. We need action, not denial: More than 11 billion U.S. tons of ice lost to oceans by melt on Wednesday alone, creating July net mass ice loss of 217 billion U.S. tons... 
Thanks And I’m glad I got to mention my mom’s work as a second grade teacher during the Detroit debate! 
We should be combating segregation in housing, not coming up with ways to perpetuate it. My housing plan provides access to justice, fights discrimination and expands affordable housing opportunities.
Six children have died. This has to stop.
 covers my approach to the debates: take it to Trump, not fellow Democrats. Donate here if you agree:  
We did it! We made the fall debates! My approach on the stage was to take it to Donald Trump and not each other. The result? Small donations poured in ; now more than 130,000 people have contributed to our grassroots campaign.Thanks ; let’s keep it going: 
As I’ve said, we need to take this fight to Donald Trump instead of each other. 
My husband, John: author, professor, attorney — and a wonderful dad to Abigail.
The president wants chaos at the election. That is unacceptable. 
Cute baby! Nice button. These two came by our headquarters in Minneapolis. Thanks! 
A song for a summer afternoon: “Don’t it always seem to go, that you don’t know what you’ve got till it’s gone...”   ; team 44   
Just in Senate where ; I pushed our election security bills despite Republican objection. So many Americans lost their lives protecting democracies. Our challenge today isn’t tanks but cyberattacks. We must rise to the occasion; get backup paper ballots
My story is like a lot of families' stories. I love my dad. Despite being a successful newspaperman, he struggled with alcoholism. He got treatment and was, in his words, "pursued by grace." Everyone should have the same right.
We can't be more worried about winning an argument than winning an election.  
I’ve never been afraid to stand up to the NRA or the politicians they fund and that won’t change. We need a leader in the White House who will champion gun safety laws — and I’m the woman for the job.  
 "In the end, we want to have a candidate that is not running for chair of the Democratic National Committee, but is running for Pr…
FACT: President says racist things daily, like calling Baltimore rat-infested ; targeting African American cong. members. And now—big surprise—he goes after  ...Just another way to distract from all the broken promises. TRUTH is what will bring him down in 2020. 
Reaction from some Iowa voters to last night’s  
Some candidates are more worried about winning an argument than winning the 2020 election. But Amy’s won every race, in every place, every time. Donate now to help Amy defeat Donald Trump and take back the White House: 
Some candidates are more worried about winning an argument than winning the 2020 election. But Amy’s won every race, in every place, every time. Donate now to help Amy defeat Donald Trump and take back the White House: 
Let's get real, we have to beat Donald Trump. My background is a little different than his, and I won't make promises I can't keep.  But I'll promise you this: I can win and I will govern with the integrity worthy of the extraordinary people of this nation.  
To win we have to listen to people. That’s why I finished the  tonight with the story of Casey Jo, a young woman who lost her life to opioids. We need a president who has people’s backs. As your president, I will make you proud. 
That's a wrap! And just like after the first debates, we're seeing a major wave of enthusiasm for our campaign — let's see how big we can make it! Go to  and contribute whatever amount you can, and let's go win this!  
We have to make college more affordable — but I don't think that rich kids should get a free four-year degree funded by the taxpayers. Instead, let's target our resources on everyone else. 
What happened in Flint can never happen again, and there are communities across the country facing significant challenges when it comes to accessing clean drinking water. We must invest in our water infrastructure now. 
We can't be more worried about winning the argument than winning an election.
We need a public option to bring down health care costs and we need to bring down the price of prescription drugs -- but I don't think that kicking half of Americans off their current health care will get us there. I have a better way. 
 Thank you for addressing the deadly role of NRA money in politics. The young people are watching.
And I watched and wrote down when nine times he said he wanted universal background checks. The next day he meets with the NRA and he folds. As your president, I will not fold. 
This isn’t just about a system or it’s not just about words. This is about the NRA. I sat across from the President of the United States after Parkland because I’ve been a leader on these issues and have the bill to close the Boyfriend Loophole.
Immigrants don't diminish America — they are America. I will always fight to make sure we live up to our values. 
My opponent in my first debate ever called me "nothing but a street fighter from the Iron Range." You know what I said? "Thank you." So never tell me I won't fight for what I believe in. 
I have bold ideas that are grounded in reality and I can get them done. The President made a lot of promises and broke them. As President, I promise you this: I will fight for you and govern with integrity. 
Amy Klobuchar knocked it out of the park in both debates. Now she wants to hear from you. Take the Debate Survey today to share YOUR thoughts on Amy in the debates: 
Amy Klobuchar knocked it out of the park in both debates. Now she wants to hear from you. Take the Debate Survey today to share YOUR thoughts on Amy in the debates: 
Amy Klobuchar knocked it out of the park in both debates. And now that the summer debates are over she wants to hear from you. Take the Debate Survey today to share YOUR thoughts on Amy in the debates: 
Amy Klobuchar knocked it out of the park in both debates. And now that the summer debates are over she wants to hear from you. Take the Debate Survey today to share YOUR thoughts on Amy in the debates: 
Amy Klobuchar knocked it out of the park at the first debate. Now she's on the debate stage again, and we want to hear from you. Take the July Debate Survey today to share YOUR thoughts: 
Amy Klobuchar knocked it out of the park at the first debate. Now she's on the debate stage again, and we want to hear from you. Take the July Debate Survey today to share YOUR thoughts: 
Before the  my daughter Abigail settles some of the great debates of our time. 
...but as my husband notes, it’s not an expanding base...Make a contribution to our campaign before tonight’s debate so we can qualify for the next one. We're almost there!  
Amy Klobuchar knocked it out of the park at the first debate. Now she's getting ready for the July debate, and to make sure it's another success, she wants to hear from you. Take the July Debate Prep Survey today to share what YOU want to hear: 
Amy Klobuchar knocked it out of the park at the first debate. Now she's getting ready for the July debate, and to make sure it's another success, she wants to hear from you. Take the July Debate Prep Survey today to share what YOU want to hear: 
We need sweeping anti-corruption and voting rights reform to make voting easier and more secure and to ensure our democracy works for everyone. As President, it will be the first bill I send to Congress. 
We have a big debate tomorrow and we're also nearly qualified for the fall debates, but we are just short of the 130,000 donors we need. Make a donation in any amount. A little will go a long way! 
Love you, Abigail! 
 We NEED Senator  message in the Democratic primary debates. Chip in $1 to her campaign right…
Hey Baltimore and you are in good company. The President has also attacked: the Notorious RBG, the cast of “Hamilton," and the entire country of Sweden (to name a few).
One of those killed in Gilroy was Stephen Romero. “My son had his whole life to live and he was only 6," said his dad. “That's all I can say." You see there are never adequate words to describe these tragedies. Action is needed. Gun safety laws passed. The people must be heard. 
Will miss Dan Coats’ steady hand. A voice of reason who was willing to be honest about Russian cyberattacks sadly leaving... 
There's a continued threat against our democracy — we know that. What we need to do now is act and protect our election systems from future attacks. And that starts with passing my election security bills. No more games in the Senate, bring the legislation up for a vote now.
  is laying out an argument for where, how, and why she’d be the best candidate to beat Donald Trump in a general…
My husband has taught in Baltimore for years ; it’s a great city. As noted by This President sees “attacking African American members of Congress as good politics.” We will prove him wrong because the best good politics will be beating him in 2020. 
 As president, Klobuchar said, she would unleash the bargaining power of  to lower drug prices. “There are, literally,…
Had a great time this weekend with in Des Moines!  Thanks to for standing up for all our workers.  When unions are strong all workers do better. Fair pay for workers makes our economy strong. 
Let’s call Donald Trump’s tweets what they are: racist and unacceptable. 
“Expect to hear more from us. We plan to leave this country better than we found it. This is our home.” Thank you and your team for the dedication and work you’ve done to improve our country, then and now. 
!!! Regan Smith of Lakeville MN wins gold at world swimming championships. 
The Trump administration is censoring climate science, but the facts couldn’t be clearer. On my first day as President, we’ll get back into the international climate agreement and address the climate crisis.
Affordable and available housing issues hit both urban and rural America. We get this done with a coalition between the two... 
PolitiFact: There are 2.7 lobbyists per member of Congress in the broader pharma/health products industry, but only 1.5 per member when considering only drugmakers.My favorite quote: “It’s a lot either way," said Steven Knievel at Public Citizen. 
The Americans with Disabilities Act was passed 29 years ago today, ensuring accessibility for all Americans and prohibiting discrimination on the basis of disability. It changed millions of lives and we're a better nation because of it.
Thanks for great discussion today in Iowa City re affordable housing ;the housing policy I laid out at the Urban League in Indianapolis. Special thanks to ; our panelists, to ; for hosting and showing us the impressive work you're doing.
I’ve made election security an important part of my campaign for President because it’s central to our democracy. Election security funding, backup paper ballots, requiring campaigns to report suspicious foreign contacts — we need these now.
Breaking: T-Mobile/Sprint approved. The Administration thinks it’s ok for two of the four major cell phone cos. to combine? This is a bad deal-it means less competition ; more costs. T-Mobile can’t compete for you for cheaper service against Sprint when they are the same company!
Spent last night in Iowa City, IA discussing retirement security, a federal minimum wage, the right to organize and apprenticeship programs with women labor leaders. Thank you for hosting us! 
“It’s never been a more urgent matter than it is today.” hits the nail on the head. Watch her describe my efforts to get a straight answer on whether the Special Counsel saw the president’s financial records, and what he found: 
The right to vote in African American communities is under attack in state after state — and from foreign governments. This is the bedrock of our democracy and worth every effort to protect. 
Happy birthday to my friend, Iowa Representative You're a leader in all that you do and your story inspires so many. Your impact on the community is immeasurable. As you would say: much love. 
Let’s get it done. 
My statement on the federal government resuming capital punishment for the first time in nearly two decades: 
My legislation to strengthen election security just went to the Senate floor — but Republicans blocked it. Again. And this is a day after Director Mueller confirmed the persistent threats from foreign adversaries. Every American should be alarmed.
Thanks for trying to pass my bill to lift the ban against prescription drug price negotiation under Medicare. Her amendment in the Fiannce Committee was blocked by the Republicans. I’ll try again on the Senate floor! Our seniors deserve less expensive drugs. 
Francisco was born in Dallas. He is an American citizen. But he was stopped and detained for nearly a month — even though he had his birth certificate, social security card and state ID. This is outrageous.
Stable and affordable housing is out of reach for too many American families. Today at the convention I announced my policy to expand affordable housing opportunities, provide access to justice, and revitalize neglected neighborhoods. 
“They’re doing it as we sit here.” That was Robert Mueller’s response when asked if the Russian government will attack our elections again. Our democracy is in danger. Let’s take action and pass my election security bill now.
Pharmaceutical companies are now experts at stifling competition. As President, I’ll take on anticompetitive practices to reduce the cost of prescription drugs.
Amy Klobuchar’s optimistic agenda for our future is building momentum in the Granite State! Learn more about the New Hampshire Democrats lining up to support Amy: 
Still on quest to find the President’s tax returns. First I asked Barr if Mueller had them. He told me to ask Mueller. Then I sent a letter. Then I asked House to ask.  did. Then Mueller said “I’m not going to speak to that.” Not done yet.  
Had a great tour of the facilities today in Warren, Michigan. We talked about infrastructure, then I got to see where they train 400 students right now. Strong apprenticeship programs are the way of the future. 
"I stand for economic opportunity, for voting rights and a better America for all of us. We must restore the Voting Rights Act and we must stop voter suppression."  Thank you for having me at the  
As the Mueller report says ; Mueller himself made clear today, the Russian attack on our democracy is a national security threat ; an invasion of our democracy: Robert Mueller says Russian interference 'deserves the attention of every American' - POLITICO 
Amy Klobuchar is a coalition builder and the most effective Democratic senator in the 115th Congress. And Iowans are taking notice. Hear why they’re supporting Amy! 
“[Amy Klobuchar] has been very responsible and clear-headed … She’s strong and tough-minded and would be a very effective president.” -- Executive Councilor Debora Pignatelli, Nashua.Learn why New Hampshire Democrats are joining Team Amy! 
Amy Klobuchar is a coalition builder and the most effective Democratic senator in the 115th Congress. And Iowans are taking notice. Hear why they’re supporting Amy! 
Donald Trump predicts he’ll win Minnesota in 2020. And he claims credit for the good work of workers ; businesses. And he takes another hateful swipe. Want to end this and prove him wrong and show him how we win Minnesota and the midwest? Donate at  
 WATCH: 3 things wants from Robert Mueller’s testimony on Wednesday: 1) Trump’s tax returns 2) How Tru…
What is he hiding? This is why the House needs to ask Director Mueller if he reviewed the President’s tax returns.  I asked AG Barr and didn’t get an answer. He told me to ask Mueller! It’s a game of whack-a-mole that must end with us seeing the taxes. 
I have long pushed for legislation and investigation.  This needs serious scrutiny.  via 
Immigrants have made America’s economy strong. In fact a new study shows that 45% of America’s Fortune 500 companies were founded by immigrants or their children! 
Just asked FBI Dir. Wray if backup paper ballots ; disclosure of political ads on social media would help to protect our nation’s security.  He said it would. Now it’s time for the nation to ask the President why his administration has blocked bills that would make it happen.
You'll never win Minnesota, Donald Trump.  I'll make sure of it. Our state economy is strong because of our great workers and businesses.  And the last time I checked, racist words and putting a congresswoman and her family in harm’s way aren’t very popular in our state. 
This can never happen again. Millions had their financial futures endangered because of the breach. And lax data security isn’t adequately addressed in this settlement. Congress must act: start by passing my legislation and hold these big companies accountable. 
“Every time we think we catch a break, it’s just another issue we have to solve.” Our farmers are suffering from extreme weather, it’s eating away at their livelihoods. We cannot let this become the new normal.
Why even go to the Senate if you're going to allow elections to be corrupted? Election security is a national security issue. It is past time for Congress to take action. 
 Democratic presidential candidate Sen said she wants to reduce the price of pharmaceuticals in America, adding…
Perpetrators of the opioid crisis must be held accountable. This is just the start. 
 She'll visit on Monday at 9 a.m. Eastern for a live, one-on-one interview with me about her campaign. Fol…
GREAT news: Today we met the POLLING threshold for the fall debates! We’ve also made the state thresholds! So thankful, but we're not done yet. We’re very close to the total donors needed and want to qualify ASAP. Can you to make a donation today? 
Thanks for coming You've done so much to advocate for those with Alzheimer’s and their families. Your book sharing your own family’s story, “The Last Dance,” has helped many cope with and understand what it means to experience memory loss  
 “I have won in those Donald Trump rural and suburban districts,” told the nation’s first primary voters. 
This is a disgrace ; Opioid companies are responsible. One Pharma co.’s internal emails liken people getting addicted to eating Doritos. They will pay and we must change our laws. As Senator I’ve led bills to take them on. As President I will get it done.  
Was back in Concord this morning with for a roundtable about my proposal to help New Hampshire seniors. We owe it to them to make sure they have the support they need as they get older.  
Finally, some shade! Thank you Jean and Peter Burling (between the two of them: a retired Superior Court Judge, former House Democratic Leader and former state Senator) for inviting me to your home in Cornish, NH! 
The hateful comments we have seen from Governor Ricardo Rossello are unacceptable. As the days and nights of protests continue, the people of Puerto Rico are standing up and making their voices heard. They will determine their future.
OK it is hot 🥵 in New Hampshire just like everywhere else, but still tons of people at our house party in Concord. Thanks former Senate President Sylvia  ; Bob for hosting ; keeping us as cool 😎 as possible in the backyard! 
Breaking ; Disturbing Drug Co. Emails:“Keep ’em comin’!” Cochrane responded. “Flyin’ out of there. It’s like people are addicted to these things or something. Oh, wait, people are. .” Borelli responded: “Just like Doritos, keep eating. We’ll make more.” 
After years of broken promises from this President, the American people are looking for a leader who will tell them the truth and get the job done. 
Amy Klobuchar’s optimistic agenda for our future is building momentum in the Granite State! Learn more about the New Hampshire Democrats lining up to support Amy:  
“[Amy Klobuchar] has been very responsible and clear-headed … She’s strong and tough-minded and would be a very effective president.” -- Executive Councilor Debora Pignatelli, Nashua.Learn why New Hampshire Democrats are joining Team Amy!  
Amy Klobuchar is a coalition builder and the most effective Democratic senator in the 115th Congress. And Iowans are taking notice. Hear why they’re supporting Amy!  
Amy Klobuchar is a coalition builder and the most effective Democratic senator in the 115th Congress. And Iowans are taking notice. Hear why they’re supporting Amy!  
Our elections are vulnerable. We know that. So how can anyone be “very, very skeptical” about investing in election security?
 Sen. Klobuchar remembers her mom making a “rocket shaped Jell-O configuration” to mark the day Neil Armstrong took his first…
 and I had an interesting discussion about standing with a bunch of tall guys on the debate stage. One good thing about being 5’4”, it makes me the most “grounded” one up there. And as she said, harder to knock down! 
 WATCH: Sen. Klobuchar discusses actions for her first 100 days if elected president. 
It's official! I'll be on the debate stage on July 30. I look forward to another opportunity to share an optimistic, economic agenda with millions of Americans. Will you help get the word out by hosting a neighborhood debate watch party? 
Welcome home 
There should be no question —  it's time to  to $15 an hour nationwide. The House did its job, now the Senate must act.
The extreme weather in the Midwest and across the nation has released dangerous chemicals into the soil, air and water, making people sick. We can't wait to address the climate crisis, we have to act now.
 NEW this morning: campaign announces 9 New Hampshire endorsements:-Executive Councilor Debora Pignatelli…
Children being placed into foster care because of parental drug use — yet another way the opioid crisis is tearing families apart. We need to take immediate action to combat addiction.
Tonight on a stage the President returned to bigotry once again. Inciting hatred—it's what he likes to do. The words “Are there no limits to what he will say or do?” ring hollow here, until you answer: there is a limit, ; it rests with me—stand up, speak out, organize and VOTE.
Can’t wait to see who I can carpool with... 
To govern we need bold ideas that improve people’s lives, but we also need deadlines. Here's what I would accomplish in my first 100 Days:
 If elected president, Sen. Amy Klobuchar pledges to undo Trump’s actions on environment and go further than Obama on raising…
We have to bring decency back to the White House, and then in the first 100 days we need to get to work: bring down the price of prescription drugs, get back into the international climate change agreement, and so much more. 
 Bravo  ;  will be a huge issue in the upcoming election. I'm glad to see her speakin…
Congrats to on her first week anchoring ..third woman in American history to solo anchor! 
Linda Greenhouse writes about Justice Steven’s evolution from a Republican antitrust lawyer to a liberal leader on the Supreme Court. Rest In Peace, Justice Stevens.  via 
FDR said Americans were demanding “direct, vigorous action” when he first took office and put forward a 100 day plan. The people are demanding it again now. The American people want results and I have a 100 day plan — and a deadline — to deliver them. 
 In a nod to FDR, Sen. Amy Klobuchar, 2020 Democratic presidential candidate, pledges “direct, vigorous action” in her first…
Thanks for sharing your personal story; for your leadership in New Hampshire. Having people in office that know what being a caregiver means will make a big difference in changing policies to make life better for those suffering from  ; their families 
Speaking at the this morning where I’ll outline what I plan to accomplish in my first 100 days. It’s not enough to make promises, you’ve actually got to get something done for the country. Watch live at 1030 ET here:  
If acting happy is a prerequisite for staying in our country, this president would have been deported on day one of his administration. The only way we strive for a more perfect union is by (happily AND unhappily) advocating for change. 
Rather than relitigating the Affordable Care Act, we need to take on prescription drug prices, premium costs and the long neglected issue of long term care.  My seniors plan would make it much easier for seniors to afford the good care they deserve.  
I stand with the workers. 
“I am blunt.” Fact-check: True.
Tackling Alzheimer’s, ensuring a secure retirement, lowering drug costs, improving health care, and preventing fraud. We owe it to our seniors to make sure they have the care and support they need. I will make that happen. Thank you for hosting today's forum. 
Discussed my new seniors policy with Iowans who know what it means to care for our senior population. Thanks for joining me Rep Senior Retiree Caucus Chair Di Findley ; Sara Lemke — an advocate with 
 Among those on the panel,  Dem lawmakers Reps. Ruth Ann Gaines and Marti Anderson, both have endorsed
David and Cindy lost their child due to insulin rationing. This keeps happening because the price of insulin has continued to skyrocket. Enough is enough — we need to solve this, and we can. 
Thank you to all the Iowans who came out to the  Like I said, we need someone who can win the Midwest. And in this race, I promise I will not leave Iowa behind. 
 Klobuchar: "If you really wanted to go after security risks ... why would you alert them and say you're doing this? ... B…
Is this photo of my husband John and me too corny? Great day meeting everyone who came out to the  
Got to see and support some of my favorite Iowa Democrats today at State Senator birthday brunch!  
This is reprehensible, racist, and xenophobic. It is unacceptable for the President of the United States to tweet something like this. Period. 
Was on today.  Using kids as political pawns isn’t tough. It’s weak. 
I’m sure there are other candidates with similar stories, but leading the ticket should also be measured by how you actually bring people w/you to victory. Maybe a story on this in addition to twitter mentions? ...On my way back from an Iowa state legislator fundraiser!
In 2018, after Trump nearly won our state in 2016,  I led our ticket to take back the state house again for Democrats with another 18 seat gain and won 42 counties he had won.  (4/5)
In 2012, with President Obama on the ticket, I led our state ticket and we won back both the state house (11 seat gain) and state senate (9 seat gain) from republicans (3/5)
In 2006 I led the state ticket and we flipped the State House from Republican to Democratic by gaining 19 seats (2/5)
While this is all interesting  and glad to be in top ten, should a measure of how a candidate leads a ticket be actual results or number of mentions in tweets and emails?  Here’s my story...(1/5)  via 
Everywhere I go, I meet seniors who tell me about their struggles to afford everyday costs like prescription drugs. We owe it to our seniors to make sure they have the support they need as they get older. Read more about my plan here: 
 Went to an Iowa Dem picnic today. Saw Delaney, Klobuchar, Hickenlooper, DeBlasio ; Beto's representative speak.
We need a cure for Alzheimer’s, but we also need to support the caregivers. They may be a husband, a wife, a daughter or a son — but they’re heroes all the same. 
A picture is sometimes better than words.  And $13,166 per game is always better than $4,905 per game.   
Summer Saturdays are for parades and picnics. Thanks for hosting me,  
  at Ankeny Dems BBQ: “I will govern with integrity. This guy in the White House makes promises all the ti…
I believe we owe it to our seniors to make sure they have the care and support they need as they get older, and as President I will prioritize tackling Alzheimer’s, strengthening health care and retirement security, and reducing prescription drug costs. 
Facts to share: 1) Facebook stock goes up after FTC deal leaks on Friday afternoon; 2) Friday afternoon is the very time you can hide news coverage; 3) 87 mil users had privacy breach; 4) Fine is only one month’s revenue. It’s a thumbs down for consumers  
 "As president, I will prioritize tackling Alzheimer’s, strengthening health care and retirement security, and reducing pres…
Proud to stand with in the fight for the Equality Act! 
Remember when the President said he was going to bring down drug prices so fast our heads would spin? Like so much with this administration, it’s all talk. 
 2020 presidential candidate Sen. is revealing a comprehensive new proposal to help older Americans and th…
Rural co-ops can help combat the climate crisis. Let's get them the resources they need to help develop renewable energy across the country. 
Stepping down is the right decision. 
Here it is: my plan to tackle Alzheimer’s disease and other forms of dementia, enhance health care and retirement security, reduce skyrocketing prescription drug costs and combat senior fraud and abuse.
The president made a lot of promises about bringing down pharma prices, but they continue to skyrocket. It's time to change that. 
This is what I think the American people are looking for in their next president. Watch, from 
This is why I’ve made major investments in infrastructure and climate resilience centerpieces of my campaign. We need to take bold action to protect the millions of Americans vulnerable to flooding.
 "I don't think [Acosta] should be in that job anymore. Actually, he has jurisdiction over human trafficking. I didn't vote…
The Secretary claims he had to make the deal so the locals wouldn’t mess it up. But in the words of the former Palm Beach DA, he is “rewriting history.” News alert: the feds have a lot of power ; can give really long sentences in sex trafficking cases.
 Sen. Klobuchar: “The way you win is by looking people in the eye and telling them the truth and building a coalition that doesn'…
Americans shouldn't have to cross an international border to buy medicine they need to live. I have long led the bill allowing for the sale of safe less expensive drugs from other countries and as President I will get this done. 
YES! 
Happy anniversary John!  On the day we got married we went canoeing in the morning. Thanks for being the kindest husband, a wonderful dad, a lot of fun and someone who always steers a steady canoe. Xox Amy 💜💕 🛶 
Campaigning with both bold ideas and integrity matters.  It shows people how you will govern.  Keeping promises and telling the truth also matter. That’s how we bring the trust and decency back to our democracy. 
As a prosecutor, you do your job without fear or favor. As I said on making a deal with a child sex trafficker without telling his victims is both legally and morally wrong. 
The world is less safe because this administration backed out of the Iran deal.
Had a great time in Iowa last week and can't wait to be back this weekend! Join us on the campaign trail:  
False. 
Wow. Worth your time to watch. From one Amy to another, we need you here! 
Since when do underage girl sex ring traffickers get to go to their office every day while they serve their time? The victims should have had a say. That’s what the law says. I didn’t vote for former Florida U.S. Attorney Acosta to begin with and he should step down.
Thanks for your good work and I know that you will continue to be a national leader to end gun violence, speak truth to power and so much else. 
Director Mueller's testimony will help us get to the truth. The only "spectacle" here is the misleading press conference AG Barr tried to pull off before the Mueller Report was released to the public.
It's time we treat our teachers and students with the respect they deserve. My K-12 Progress Partnership plan does just that. 
The Justice Department just pulled its lawyers from the census case. 
The President cannot distract us from the terrible conditions at these facilities. There are outbreaks of chickenpox. Scabies. Children are sleeping on the floor. Some are stuck in rooms with no toilet. 
Dropped by the famous (for Pints and Politics!) in Conway and the home of Rep. in Wolfeboro today. Thank you for the hospitality this weekend, New Hampshire! 

I have bold plans for this country. To win in 2020, we need to be the party of working people, and that means actually getting things done. 
Love this photo!  What a game.  
Amazing win for  Proving once again that they are the best in the world and have been for decades. Great to watch the game with the family today in New Hampshire! 
 EXCLUSIVE: Presidential candidate Sen. Amy Klobuchar says she is not 'going to make promises just to get elected.'  
If the 2016 attack on our elections was “perfect,” we can’t even imagine what 2020 could bring. We need to pass my Election Security Act immediately and protect our democracy.
Brats and Brews with the community of Littleton, NH. And the perfect ratio of foam and beer from 
After the Franconia, New Hampshire Parade I ran into this guy/bear. Anyone who thinks it was a hot day, try wearing this outfit! 
Dear Mr. President:You have said many times you were going to bring down the costs of prescription drugs, but they keep going up. How are you actually going to do this and when? Would appreciate a timetable.Sincerely,Amy Klobuchar
John and Abigail and crew holding down the fort at the New Hampshire baseball game last night while I was in Houston! 
 Because of your help, I was able to make my case to millions of Americans last month. Help me take the fight to Donald Tr…
 "We need to fully fund education": Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Amy Klobuchar unveils her education plan at the N…
My mom taught 2nd grade until she was 70 years old and I got to share her story at the  forum today with and thousands of educators from across the country. I believe, like she did, that a good education is a basic right of every child. 
Because of your help, I was able to make my case to millions of Americans last month. Help me take the fight to Donald Trump.  
This is simple: No teacher in America should have to work multiple jobs to make ends meet.
The Merrimack parade was 🎆! Spent the  with John and Abigail in New Hampshire. I hope you and yours had a wonderful time celebrating our nation’s independence! 
How many words can you spell with A-M-Y? We didn’t even get all of them.  how you can get involved at  
 Jodi, a teacher from Allentown, PA came all the way up to New Hampshire to meet and march with in the Merri…
Celebrating America’s birthday at the Amherst parade in New Hampshire! How are you celebrating? 🇺🇸  
Enjoyed the  pre-parade party hosted this morning by NH State Senator and her husband Tom Silvia!  
If life gives you a parade, walk it! John, Abigail and I are in New Hampshire! Happy  
Wrapped up a tour through Iowa at the Picnic supporting and saw a lot of great faces! and 
So if the first rationale was a lie, the second one will be an even bigger one: “Justice and the Department of Commerce had been asked to ‘reevaluate all available options’ and that Commerce may adopt ‘a new rationale’ for including the question.” 
Started day 3 in Iowa with the Muscatine County Democrats and  
Came to Lee County, IA for the Dems, stayed for the good company and ice cream! Thanks to County Chair Mary Jo Riesburg and Vice Chair Will Windsor for having us! Great to see and as well! 
 Next up, an afternoon with Wapello County Democrats and Hearing speak always reminds me why…
Three great days in Iowa...Atlantic, Winterset, Adel, Oskaloosa, Ottumwa, Montrose and Muscatine this morning. Now on to West Des Moines! Amy Klobuchar in Iowa: Tater tot hot dish at home and standing with allies abroad  via
2016 came down to a handful of votes in key states. And yes, targeted Russian ads made a big difference. We need to pass my Honest Ads act so we know who’s buying political ads online and trying to influence our elections.
 Started out day two with in Mahaska County! Thanks to Eric Palmer, Chair of the Mahaska County Dems, and Smoke…
This is why we never give up. 
They did it!  US Women’s Soccer rules!  
Thanks for hosting such a great potluck and Good hot dish and even better company. Great to see you and  
Breaking: This is what I pushed AG Barr on during the judiciary hearing. He said to ask Director Mueller. One thing I know for sure: One way or another, we will get the President's tax returns. 
It's "all foam and no beer." It's time to expose Donald Trump's failed policies.  Donate here: 
Spent yesterday afternoon at with some amazing Madison County Democrats — thank you for the introduction!  
May the best woman win.📷: Annie Leibovitz 
  has arrived at her second event of the day, in Winterset. Follow for updates! 
Like I said in the debate: Drug prices 2019: Manufacturers hiked prices on 3,400 drugs at an average increase of 5 times inflation - CBS News 
Started off the day in beautiful Cass County with local Democrats! Excited for our trip through Iowa this week visiting 8 counties.  
 On Friday, NEA President will be sitting down to discuss all things public education with: 
President Trump promised when he withdrew from the Iran nuclear agreement that he would get us a better deal. Now Iran is closer to a nuclear weapon than before he took office. This did not need to happen and we should negotiate back into the agreement. 
It's not too late! Make a donation BEFORE MIDNIGHT to help us meet our grassroots fundraising goal. Even $1 can make a big difference —  
We've made progress 50 years after the LGBTQ community took a stand at  But in most states LGBTQ people can be fired or evicted for being who they are. At the end of  month, we recommit ourselves to achieving justice and equality.
We have a major fundraising deadline at midnight tonight! Can you make a donation? Every little bit helps. Donate here today:  
Donald Trump made a bunch of promises in 2016 and he hasn't delivered. On pharmaceutical prices, infrastructure, and getting a “better deal” on the Iran agreement to keep our country safe? He's done nothing. As I said in the debate: all foam, no beer. 
 "It's not as easy as just going, and... bringing a hot dish over the fence to the dictator next door. This is a ruthless dicta…
Elise ; I raising money right now at the campaign office. We have 25 1/2 hours before the deadline. It’s going to be a long day tomorrow.  If you could give something tonight or in the morning that would be really helpful and I can get some sleep! Xox Amy  
Hi everyone! I’m here at our campaign on a Sat. night w/elise making calls for end of Q2..I can still call people on west coast until midnight! If you help out a little maybe I can go home by 11.  Photos to follow (in case you think I’m making this up)!  
These troll-fueled racist attacks on Senator are unacceptable. We are better than this (Russia is not) and stand united against this type of vile behavior.
Thanks for focusing on this issue — pharma prices are out of control and people are suffering. I brought it up during the  and I'll do it everywhere I go. 
At the with in Chicago.  Talked about economic and racial justice and how we can eliminate child poverty in a generation. 
Women’s reproductive rights are under attack. We have to fight back. 
This can’t be ignored: Trump joking with Putin over eliminating journalists is a betrayal of America. So is ignoring it. 
 Former President Jimmy Carter and his Vice President Walter Mondale  are cheered as they begin a conversation about 
Awesome game You and are making America proud!
I’m visiting 8 counties next week in Iowa and we’re hosting a potluck! Iowans - can I count on you to bring a hot dish? As a past winner of the MN Congressional delegation hot dish contest (see attached recipe) I'm looking forward to tasting yours! RSVP:  
Earlier this month, Iowa State Rep endorsed me for president. Marti is an advocate for families, a social worker ; a champion for Des Moines. Excited to head back to Iowa on Monday knowing I have her support!  
No time to waste. There’s a lot to get done! 
Per NYT: At G-20 reporter asks Trump if he would tell Putin not to meddle in American elections. Trump then says to Putin, “Don’t meddle in the election.”Then, wagging his finger in a lighthearted way, he repeats, “Don’t meddle in the election.”    Now THAT will scare Putin.
Good news: today the House passed my election security bill to require paper ballots, post-election audits, and give states more than a billion dollars to update election equipment. Now the Senate needs to act -- we need a vote on election security now.
Before last night's  I visited the Homestead child detention facility in Florida. What's happening there is heartbreaking. These children deserve better. 
How should we run our country’s foreign policy? Not by tweeting in a bathrobe at 5 a.m.  
Look at drug prices since President Trump has taken office — they've continued to rise and rise. What has the American consumer gotten out of it?  Where I'm from we call that all foam, no beer  
I get things done and I can win. I hope you'll join me on this homegrown campaign  —  
I agree with Justice Kagan: “Of all times to abandon the Court’s duty to declare the law, this was not the one. The practices challenged in these cases imperil our system of government.”
YES — this is a victory for our democracy. But the fight is not over, so let's keep working to make sure everyone is counted. 
 cartoonist  debate recap: 
One of my favorite moments from the debate...Yes there were three women on the stage  (doubling the number of Democratic women who have EVER participated in a presidential debate!). 
The  is over, but we’ve got a long way to go to win. I don’t come from money and I don’t have a political machine — I need you to join me. If you can, donate $1 to say you’re with me in this fight 
In my first 100 days in office, I will take action on critical issues from climate change to criminal justice reform to immigration  
I’m the granddaughter of an iron-ore miner, the daughter of a union teacher and newspaperman, the first woman elected to the Senate from the state of Minnesota, and a candidate for President of the United States. That's America. 
Fran is with me tonight and her house is right outside of Pacific Junction, Iowa. It's stood for 100 years — and now within the last year it's been flooded twice. Our climate is changing and we need to address it head on now  
This can't be the new normal — I don't accept that. Here are things we have to do right now to address the gun violence epidemic  
We need better than foreign policy by tweet  
I will get comprehensive immigration reform done in my first year as President. It is long overdue and we can't wait. We need action on legislation that includes a pathway to citizenship 
Immigrants don't diminish America. They are America 
"There are three women up here who have fought pretty hard for a woman's right to choose." 
There are two pharmaceutical lobbyists for every member of Congress — and they are working hard to keep costs high. Big Pharma thinks they own Washington, but they don't own me  
There are lots of ways to get to universal health care. My focus is on doing it quickly. The American people are counting on us to deliver 
My sister didn't end up graduating high school. She got her GED ; then went to community college before getting her 4-year degree ; becoming a successful accountant. There are many paths to success ; making 2-year and vocational programs free helps everyone get there  
Here we go! Tune in now! 
Honored to have Nicole Smith-Holt  and Shelly Elkington  with me at the  tonight. 
 Sen. plans for the first 100 days include prioritizing mental health and addiction, funding Planned Pa…
Good. 
Tomorrow is the big night! There’s still time to join your friends and neighbors for a debate watch party or to host your own. Sign up here! 
Today I went to the floor to get a vote on my backup paper ballot secure elections amendment which is cosponsored by dozens of Senators. The republicans blocked it. They don’t even want to vote on it. What (or who) are they afraid of?
 Congratulations Judy!
FYI (in case you missed it, it was because they wanted you to): The Trump Administration continues to suppress research and hide the climate science. 
After four years of Donald Trump, a new President can’t wait for a bunch of congressional hearings to act. I’ve got a plan for the first 100 days with more than 100 actions we can take right away to address our biggest challenges at home and abroad. 
No one — I repeat: no one — should have to risk their life with black market insulin. There should never have been a black market to begin with, but it’s what happens when profits are put before people. Time for that to change.
Domestic violence and stalking force people to live in fear. We must expand protections for dating partners and prevent people convicted of stalking from possessing a gun. This is not complicated.
Yes they did! The first majority-female Nevada Legislature accomplished so much this year.
With our country’s suicide rate up 30 percent in fifteen years and so many people not knowing where to turn with mental health and addiction problems, the time has come for my  
Our team was out and loving it at the Twin Cities Pride Parade today!   
In my first 100 Days, I'll ensure funding for Planned Parenthood, end the domestic and global gag rules, and restore the  program.
Like the Twins hat! 
This is a lie. 
To anyone trying to justify the unjustifiable here, I ask: if your child was held for days on end without access to soap, a bed, or a toothbrush, would you call it safe? Sanitary? Humane? 
 New this week from — a very robust outline for her first 100 days. Excellent rural priorities here on educa…
Two stunning mental health facts have now been ranked true...I think no one believed them because they’re so startling: (1) suicides up 30% in U.S. in 15 yrs ; (2) only 64 mental health public hospital beds in Iowa. That’s why I led with my plan to take this on. We can do this. 
 you are mobilizing for this election and your hard work is a reminder that we can solve the big issues we face today. Let’s build on your successes and win up and down the ballot in 2020! 
We need a government that is as good as the heart and the strength of the people of South Carolina. Here's what that means: 
  "The global gag rule is just as bad as the [domestic gag rule] because the US is supposed to be a beacon for wom…
Chevron and Exxon are receiving secret waivers intended for small refineries. This administration is putting Iowa farmers at a huge disadvantage. These corporate handouts have to stop -- now. 
6,400 slices of bread, 4,400 pounds of fish, and the one and only Loved last night's  
 “It’s time to cross the river of our divides to get to a higher plain in our politics,” says, referencing h…
Great to see Congressman Columbia Mayor former Congressman John Spratt. and a strong Democratic Party showing at the Blue Palmetto Dinner! 
Like I told on People are tired of the chaos and the gridlock after two and a half years of Donald Trump. They want to get back to making progress for this country. I'll be ready on Day One. 
I will get immigration reform done in the first year when I'm your President. 
This administration is simply not interested in ensuring the integrity of our democracy.
The President has to stop tweeting us closer to a war with Iran.
 Sen. is leading Senate Democrats asking about recalled cars being used by and drivers 
The facts are clear, but this President continues to ignore science and is undermining efforts to reduce carbon emissions. This is staggeringly irresponsible.
Shared "My Big Idea" with on fight addiction, prioritize mental health, and make the opioid makers who got people hooked pay for it. 
Happy birthday to our daughter Abigail (who brightens up the days of everyone she meets). We are so proud of you! 
Always good to emcee cong. women’s softball game w/ and this year And how about that brand new rookie player Good to see MN’s own as catcher! Beautiful night for a good cause:  
Press won the women’s softball game this year but women’s congressional team will be back strong next year.  Always good to emcee the game!  
 New this AM: is out w/ 100+ things she plans to do in her first 100 days as POTUS.It includes a bit of every…
My 100-day plan is the first of its kind in this race. I spoke with about why the next President needs to get to work right away. 
 is a celebration of the end of slavery and liberation of black Americans, but it’s also a reminder of the work that lies ahead, the work required to overcome delayed justice, and the need to build a more fair and equitable society.
There's no confusion here. No moral equivocation. Jamal Khashoggi was the target of a "deliberate, premeditated execution," and the Saudi government must be accountable at the highest levels.
While I’m in Washington this week, my husband John is everywhere in Iowa...speaking at the meeting, ; meeting friends at the Delaware County Dems Summer ; the Buchanan County Dems Hot Dog Caucus. Yes, that’s right, the hotdog caucus!  🌭   
A late-night tweet vowing the deportation of millions. This is so dangerous.
After four years of Donald Trump, a new President can’t wait for a bunch of congressional hearings to act. The urgent problems our country is facing require immediate action. And I have a clear plan for my first 100 Days to do just that. 
Great to see friends like Andrea Jenkins at last night’s  gala in New York! Pride is a celebration but also a reminder that we must keep marching, keep advocating, and keep fighting! 
Good hard questions on and see how I answered them. After years of chaos with President Trump there’s a lot we can get done in the first 100 days: Amy Klobuchar lays out action items in first 100 days plan 
Here it is: a plan for my first 100 days as President of the United States. The urgent problems our country is facing require immediate action and bold solutions, and I plan to get to work delivering results on Day One.
Remembering the victims of the shooting at Emanuel AME Church four years ago today. Tragedies like this must stop — we need to fight racism in all forms and pass legislation to prevent gun violence. Now.
This is great news from the Supreme Court. Gerrymandering undermines the fairness of our elections. Every vote — whether cast in Virginia, North Carolina, or anywhere in America — must count and never be diluted.
It has been 3,615 days since Congress increased the minimum wage, and the cost of living continues to climb. Workers are way overdue for a raise. 
The right to come together and collectively bargain is a fundamental principle of fairness. I stand with the security officers of downtown Detroit. Their commitment is an inspiration to all who believe in economic justice.  
As President, you are the moral leader of our country. Donald Trump is failing that test of leadership. Here’s what I said when asked me if he was a “good man.” 
The threat of climate change cannot be ignored.  We need bold and intentional changes in climate policy. There is no time to waste.
Last night and I spoke in Richmond at the gala. Good to see VA Del. Danica Roem  again as well as the Virginia congressional delegation including my friends and his wonderful wife 
Happy Father’s Day to my husband John!  He and Abigail through the ages (as in circa 1998 and Father’s Day, 2019).  And note that Abigail no longer lets me cut her bangs! 
We can end child poverty in a generation. 
When I announced on the snowy banks of the Mississippi, my dad (91 years young..) was out there with me, just like he’s been so many days biking in the rain, door-knocking in the sun, and yes, cheering in the snow. Happy Father’s Day, Dad! Thnx  Terry Gydesen for the loving photo 
Just wrapped up a fantastic Blue Commonwealth Gala in Richmond. Thank you for having me, Virginia! With energy like this, I think it's going to be a great year for 
Oh yeah, and “just” ensuring clean water. Let’s put aside the pettiness and work to get things done. Just an idea, here’s how I’d do it: 
… “just” rebuilding our schools, overhauling our country’s housing policy, expanding high-speed internet connections to all households, building Climate Smart and Green infrastructure …
… “just” providing protection against flooding, updating and modernizing our airports, seaports and inland waterways, expanding reliable public transit options, and updating rail infrastructure …
… “just” replacing our roads, reducing congestion, upgrading America’s nearly 50,000 structurally deficient bridges, fixing the roads and bridges washed out by the recent floods in the Midwest, eliminating the “pothole tax,” and stabilizing the Highway Trust Fund ...
Acting Chief of Staff Mulvaney says, regarding things this administration is planning to work on with Democrats, that “there’s a bunch of stuff we’ll do. It’s just the infrastructure” that won’t get done. Yeah, okay... “Just the infrastructure”…
I believe in science. And that inviting climate change deniers onto your National Security Council is dangerous. We need to get back into the International Climate Change Agreement. Now.
More stonewalling. What are they hiding?
Partisanship is keeping Granite Staters from receiving the mental health services and addiction treatment they need. People are asking for help. Funding for these programs should never be used as a political bargaining chip.
The White House has been trying to shut down my plan to secure our elections. Now we know why. 
Thanks for this one  And Happy Father’s Day this weekend! Sorry you and John can’t hang out on debate night (now there’s a support group....but you can always come a day early). 
It's official! I'll be debating on June 26th at 9pm ET.There's one thing I need you to do now: sign up to host a watch party!  
This is an important bill!  People should own their own  data....but there are no clear rules. 
We can have a better America right now, bring people together, ignore the mean tweets, and do something about the issues that matter. Thanks for having me on! 
The President is sending out the same signals he did in 2016: he is inviting foreign powers to interfere in our elections, and that is unacceptable. 
Insulin prices are out of control. No one should ever have to choose between rationing their medicine or financial ruin. These Big Pharma companies think they own Washington. Well, they don’t own me, and it’s time we hold them accountable.
The country we have become doesn’t need to be the country we can be: FEC Chairwoman warns candidates not to accept help from foreign governments 
Amy Klobuchar is running for president because we need a leader who will work for the common good and make sure the promise of opportunity for all is a reality. As this homegrown campaign reaches out across the country, we need to hear from you. Share your thoughts today:
Amy Klobuchar is running for president because we need a leader who will work for the common good and make sure the promise of opportunity for all is a reality. As this homegrown campaign reaches out across the country, we need to hear from you. Share your thoughts today:
Amy Klobuchar is reaching out to Americans across the country and making sure she’s addressing the issues that are most important to them. Take Amy’s presidential Priorities Survey to share your thoughts today! 
Amy Klobuchar is listening and meeting people where they are so we can find common ground and forge real solutions. Now she wants to hear from you: Take Amy’s presidential Priorities Survey to share your thoughts! 
Amy Klobuchar is running for president because we need a leader who will work for the common good and make sure the promise of opportunity for all is a reality. As this homegrown campaign reaches out across the country, we need to hear from you. Share your thoughts today:
Amy Klobuchar is reaching out to Americans across the country and making sure she’s addressing the issues that are most important to them. Take Amy’s presidential Priorities Survey to share your thoughts today! 
Amy Klobuchar is listening and meeting people where they are so we can find common ground and forge real solutions. Now she wants to hear from you: Take Amy’s presidential Priorities Survey to share your thoughts! 
"Every case is the most important one." My friend Justice Lillehaug has given Minnesota and our nation a lifetime of service. He is a strong person and will handle this like every other challenge he has faced.  Looking forward to seeing him soon.
 “Bullpen” has been my walk-out song all year! Great lyrics for women (both rappers ; Pols). A pride of Minneapolis — thanks for noticing!
When we interviewed our staff member Kyle 4 years ago, I asked if he had any questions of me. His response: “So, did I get the job?” The answer was “YES!” We will miss his fun spirit and energy around the office but wish him all the best at University of Michigan Law! 
Did any of these foreign governments offer you dirt on your opponents? Then YES, you tell the FBI. This isn't that complicated. 
The Democratic National Committee has put out new requirements to qualify for the fall debates and we need contributions from 130,000 unique donors. Momentum is on our side, but to ensure more people can hear from Amy, we need your help! Donate today to stand with Amy!
The Democratic National Committee has put out new requirements to qualify for the fall debates and we need contributions from 130,000 unique donors. Momentum is on our side, but to ensure more people can hear from Amy, we need your help! Donate today to stand with Amy!
The Democratic National Committee has put out new requirements to qualify for the fall debates and we need contributions from 130,000 unique donors. Momentum is on our side, but to ensure more people can hear from Amy, we need your help! Donate today to stand with Amy!
The Democratic National Committee has put out new requirements to qualify for the fall debates and we need contributions from 130,000 unique donors. Momentum is on our side, but to ensure more people can hear from Amy, we need your help! Donate today to stand with Amy!
The Democratic National Committee has put out new requirements to qualify for the fall debates and we need contributions from 130,000 unique donors. Momentum is on our side, but to ensure more people can hear from Amy, we need your help! Donate today to stand with Amy!
The Democratic National Committee has put out new requirements to qualify for the fall debates and we need contributions from 130,000 unique donors. Momentum is on our side, but to ensure more people can hear from Amy, we need your help! Donate today to stand with Amy!
“Being brave, for me, means not giving up on the things that make me feel alive.” She was pure courage. 
I have to know, especially now that the President has invited foreign interference in our election again: what happened with those polling machines in North Carolina in 2016? How were they compromised? And what are we doing to stop it from happening again?
Joined ; today to talk about bringing down pharma costs for seniors. We have to keep this issue at the forefront and stop prescription prices from skyrocketing. A great way to start doing that? Enable Medicare to negotiate fair drug prices.
This is inexcusable. The President of the United States just effectively gave permission to foreign agents to interfere in our elections. We need my Secure Elections Act and Honest Ads Act passed immediately. The 2020 elections are not secure. Disgraceful. 
Today we remember the 49 people killed at the massacre at Pulse Nightclub, as well as many more injured. During PRIDE month, we honor our progress but know how much work remains ahead  to pass gun safety legislation and protect LGBTQAmericans with the Equality Act and more.🏳️‍🌈 💜
This past weekend in Iowa was one to remember — thank you for yet another amazing Hall of Fame celebration! 
The President sold out Iowa’s farmers by secretly giving Exxon and Chevron waivers intended for small refineries. Full stop. 
This is a blatant abuse of executive privilege. The American people have a right to know how (and why) the Census was modified. This is about the basic foundation of our democracy: every person counts. 
No corporate PAC money, no donations from federal lobbyists -- our campaign for president relies on grassroots supporters like you. With our FEC deadline approaching, we need to hit our daily donor goals to make sure we can get our message out. Donate today to stand with Amy!
Today’s News of the Weird: ONE man in Trump administration dares to stand up for science ; takes climate crisis seriously (and he isn’t at EPA): Top financial regulator is opening public effort re risk climate change poses to markets  via 
”[Mondale] will help Klobuchar’s presidential campaign in any way he can..‘I’ve worked for a long time in trying to get more women in government, break up that stag party.’” VP Mondale, it’s an honor to have your help;happy to break up “that stag party.” 
Yes! Backup paper ballots and thorough post-election audits are two of the most effective ways to secure our elections. 
If it doesn’t already exist, we might need to make up a new unit of measurement — how about “LPD” (lies per day) — to keep track of this administration’s attempts to deceive the American people.
Year-round E15 could create 1.3 billion gallons of new annual ethanol demand over 5 years and that’s why I’ve long supported it.  BUT Trump's behind-closed-doors RFS waivers to oil companies erased 2.6 billion gallons over just two years.Do the math.
President Trump keeps handing out RFS waivers (meant for small refineries) to giants like Chevron and ExxonMobil. We must rein in these secret waivers that line the pockets of Big Oil at the expense of farmers. 
Just came from Judiciary where I questioned Trump's Acting DHS Secretary. There he said that we do pay a cost for not passing comprehensive immigration reform. The cost? A sane coherent immigration system. Resources to handle asylum;refugee cases. $158 billion in debt reduction.
Life expectancy in America has decreased for the third year in a row — and it's driven by drug, alcohol ; suicide deaths. We have to prioritize improving mental health services, prevention ; early intervention. I've got a plan to do just that.
Rep. Marti Anderson  is a proven advocate for families and justice. I’m honored to have her endorsement. 
Tonight I joined the to talk about voting rights. In New Hampshire, students' voting rights are under attack and across the country voter suppression is on the rise. The right to vote is a bedrock of our democracy and I will fight to protect it. 
The are full of energy and ready to take back the White House! 
Thank you to everyone who came out today in Concord, New Hampshire and thank you to for hosting us! 
Thanks to everyone at Manchester’s Institute of Politics for the warm reception. I loved doing “Politics and Eggs” today!  A story about the visit—and a link to the speech—here :
People in every community struggle with mental health and the only way we’re going to get past the stigma is to talk about it. And then we have to invest in mental health care so everyone can get the treatment they need. 
  details her family’s history as the daughter of a teacher and newspaper man: “No matter where you come from,…
The President shouldn’t be treating our farmers like poker chips at one of his bankrupt casinos. We need to stop this chaos now. 
Good to be in Cedar Rapids today!  I packed a lot in five minutes!  Thanks Iowa Democrats and congratulations  winners and    My Full speech: 
"What better place to vow to revive the heart of America than in the heartland of America."  
  What better place to go to win back the heart of America than the heartland of America? Slammed "risky sc…
  "Standing up for America means standing up to risky schemes like privatizing Medicaid" 
My friend Minnesota U.S. Congressman  came down to Iowa with me for the  Celebration. His grandma grew up in Iowa and just happened to be Abigail Van Buren (as in Dear Abby). Thanks Dean! 
Will you look at this crowd! This team is ready to go show the world why we’ve got the right stuff to win.  
  leads a crowd of supporters into the DoubleTree hotel 
 . greets supporters as she arrives the the Cedar Rapids Hall of Fame event 
Yeh team! 
Democrats can win everywhere, but we've got to close the urban/rural divide to do it. More from my convo with 
Iowa's First District Democrats have a saying — First in the State, Second to None. And they proved that when they elected to Congress! Now they're ready to take back the White House too. 
My friend Paul Wellstone worked so hard to make mental health parity a reality. We’re still not there yet, and as your president, I’ll make it a top priority. 
If you ever wanted to know how I think Democrats can win in the Midwest (; across the country) AND what I’d do as queen for a day, then I’ve got the podcast for you. Thanks,
Sharing the stories of these brave young people because it might be helpful to anyone struggling. We will all be far better off when we erase stigma and focus on helping people get better.
 49 MILLION Americans don't have retirement savings retirement security plan would ensure that all American…
Gonna pick love when it comes to Lovett or Leave It. Thanks for having me, P.S.- Where can I get some of those pants? I may have some parades coming up... 
In most places in the United States, you have to work 2.5 minimum wage jobs to be able to afford rent for a one-bedroom apartment. America’s workers need a raise now.
The President seems to think he can sell  merchandise on his campaign website, but hide the flag at our embassies. America's commitment to LGBTQ equality should be steadfast, loud and yes, proud 🏳️‍🌈🇺🇸
Today is National Gun Violence Awareness Day and I  to honor the victims and survivors of this epidemic. But it’s not enough to be aware — we need to take real action to stop the problem. 
Why I introduced my bill years ago to change the merger standard; reinforce antitrust enforcement with more resources by charging extra fees on mega merging companies. We need more enforcement and a stringent review of these deals:  via 
Millions of Americans need mental health care. Yet in Iowa, there are just 64 public mental health care beds. And you see similar numbers across the country. We must work together to get people the care they need. More on my plan with 
Yes, Mr. President. There are, to borrow your phrase, HUGE changes in the weather. And they require bold action instead of vague and confusing statements. Signed, the Snowwoman
It's always good to be in Duluth! Thanks to everyone who came out to Hoops Brewing to talk about this homegrown campaign and how we can move our country forward. 
With Fargo Mayor Tim Mahoney at the picnic. Thanks for inviting me 
Years later we still don't have all the answers we need about Russia's interference in our elections. We need to get those answers now and move immediately to secure our elections (my Senate bills are ready to go). 
You give me a run for my money, As you know, bridging the urban/rural divide means being there, having people’s backs and standing up for a rural agenda. 
What a great gathering in Fargo, North Dakota! And it was so good to see my friends and Moorhead Mayor Jonathan Judd. 
Election security has never been (and must never be) a partisan issue. It is fundamentally an issue of civil rights.
Today we remember those who fought for what’s right on the 75th anniversary of D-Day. Let’s honor their memory by working every day for freedom and against oppression.
Honored to have the endorsement of Iowa legislator It’s going to take all of us to make sure this is a country governed from opportunity and I’m so glad to have Ruth in this fight with me. 
Big things are happening in Iowa! Listen to my conversation with and learn more about the homegrown campaign we’re building. 
Landed in Fargo! Looking forward to seeing my neighbor to the west—the witty strong woman of the prairie tomorrow!  We miss her in the Senate (and the courage she showed on the Kavanaugh vote) but she is doing great work w/her focus on the issues of rural America. 
Representative democracy should actually be representative — I'm joining and taking pledge to support  and stop partisan gerrymandering.
The evidence is clear: Russia planned a deliberate attack on our democracy. Russian internet trolls were even making money off it! We must act now to secure our elections, protect our national security and hold Russia accountable. 
When our unions are strong, America is strong. As your president, I’ll stand with working people.
Unprecedented consolidation ; monopoly power reduce competition and hurt consumers. We need antitrust laws ; enforcement that are as sophisticated as the big tech companies and I'm ready to get the job done. 
The Administration's latest travel restrictions for Cuba are yet another setback. I lead the bipartisan bill to lift the embargo. Isolating Cuba for more than 5 decades has not secured our interests. We need to move our relationship forward, not backward.
Innocent people are dying and this President and congressional Republicans still refuse to take meaningful steps to reduce gun violence. I say no more. It's time to act. My interview with 
Wishing all who celebrate a joyful Eid al-Fitr 
The President should be focused on building relationships with our allies while abroad. Instead, he chose to try and start a boycott of an American company because he didn't like some news coverage. Outrageous. 
It’s going to be hard to get anything done if we don’t get dark money out of our politics. We must take back our democracy and overturn Citizens United! 
100 years ago the Senate passed the 19th Amendment giving women the right to vote. Today I’m headed to that same Senate floor as the 1st woman elected Senator from MN to commemorate the anniversary;the brave suffragettes. We all stand on the shoulders of those who came before us.
Finally. It had been held up by three Republican House members for way too long. 
REMINDER: Congressional subpoenas are not optional. The American people deserve the truth and this Administration must be held accountable. 
Quite the headline: Study Finds Trump Tax Cuts Failed to Do Anything But Give Rich People Money
 “What we have to do is pass a national federal law to register every kid to vote in this country when they turn 18.” -
The President is on foreign soil advocating boycotting an American company because the press isn't covering him favorably. Un-be-lievable. 
The President continues to attack our allies and praise strongmen like Putin. That’s just not right. 
Former Congressman and Mayor Don Fraser died at age 95. In my first run for office, Don was a campaign co-chair and took to the podium to introduce me. He was a great public servant but also a mentor to the next generation. He got that his public service didn’t end with him. 
MN has lost a true champion for good. Don Fraser was a neighbor ;friend. He helped me get my start in politics. He was ahead of his time. As a congressman he exposed  human rights abuses around the world. As Mayor of Mpls he advocated for kids. Public service was his calling.
This country should be a place with opportunity for all. As your president, I’ll work to make that a reality. 
In Virginia Beach, 12 lives were tragically ended by a murderer using high-capacity magazines, something we’ve sadly seen before. That’s why—among many other gun safety measures—I support legislation to ban these magazines. As president I’ll lead on gun safety ; pass the bills.
I have bills that would bring in safe, affordable prescription drugs from countries like Canada, get generics to market quicker and unleash the bargaining power of millions of seniors.
There is no end in sight to rising drug prices with Donald Trump as president and the Republicans running the Senate, that is true! When I am your president, that will change. 
Thinking of the families who have had to leave their homes ; the emergency personnel working to help. We’ve got to seriously invest in our infrastructure ; pass disaster relief. The GOP reps who are holding up disaster relief should lift their holds now. 
An incredible day at  There is so much excitement for the homegrown campaign that we are building together. To everyone who took a moment to speak, share a story or join our team — thank you. 
Happy  LGBTQ Americans deserve full equality and I am proud to stand with them in that fight. 
We've got big progressive change to make, but to get any of it done we have to secure our democracy. Check out my conversation at the  Forum. 
So proud of the team with me here today. 
I come from a union family and I will always be proud to stand with working people. It was a joy to speak with members about how we can make sure opportunity for all is a reality. 
 The crowd roars! “This is about taking our democracy back. We need a constructional amendment to overturn Citizen Unite…
Our democracy doesn’t work if we can’t protect and expand the right to vote. Loved spending time with at the  Forum today to talk about some of my big ideas: registering everyone to vote at 18, restoring voting rights and stopping voter suppression. 
 2020 Presidential Candidate is now taking the stage at the MoveOn  Forum. We're ready to hear her big id…
I’m at the Convention today talking about my plan to move this country forward — with opportunity for all and dignity for everyone.  
Proud to be the first candidate to sign the No Fossil Fuel Money Pledge poster at  
The Women's Caucus at  is ready to go! 
John and I in San Francisco for the California convention with our friends  and her husband Doug.  Lots of energy out here.   
My thoughts are with the Virginia Beach wounded ; the families of those who lost loved ones today. We can’t become numb to these tragedies. We must pass gun safety legislation. The vast majority of Americans agree. We just need to get people in Washington who will represent them.
The last time came to Minneapolis to do his show he experienced one of those famous Minnesota blizzards. I can promise this time around it will be warmer. Grab your tickets today! 
Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri and Ohio have all tried to effectively ban abortion this year. This is a coordinated attack on women's constitutional rights and we must fight back. 
Russia is coming for our elections again, and we need to be ready. That’s why I’ve introduced legislation to secure our elections — including backup paper ballots.
Just another example to show that the citizenship census question was added for purely political reasons.  The Supreme Court should not allow this charade to continue.  via 
 just arrived   candidate 
Nevada Democrats are working hard to make progress. Great to meet with Attorney General Speaker and Asst. Majority Leader today. 
It was my honor to speak with veterans in Nevada today about my plan to prioritize mental health care. We have to do more to support those who have given so much. 
Always great to be in Nevada. Thanks, Aaron! 
Good to be here in Carson City, Nevada. Nevada legislature (majority female) is doing great work with the Gov, including expanding voting rights last night. Had excellent discussion with our Northern ; rural Nevada vets. One size doesn’t fit all when it comes to rural health care 
Thad was civil to everyone regardless of party.  Prayers for his family today. 
OK. This just feeds Putin’s plans. The grown-up alternative: Congress must stand up and protect our elections. Patriotism means that a democracy should be in the hands of the American people, not a foreign power.  Solution? Pass Honest Ads ; Secure Elections bills. 
This is wonderful news — Lonnie Bunch was just in Minnesota speaking at the Minneapolis Club. Congratulations! 
A major victory at  today as signs legislation restoring the right to vote for 77,000 Nevadans. We must do everything we can to strengthen voting rights, stop voter purges, and allow full participation in our democracy. 
Great to join on to talk about how we can move this country forward. You can listen to our full interview here: 
Out in California with and a great crowd ready to win in 2020! 
My statement on the comments Robert Mueller made today: 
When Abigail was born, she couldn't swallow. Not knowing what was wrong was scary. Then I was forced out of the hospital after just 24 hours. So, like I told I fought for one of the nation’s first mandatory 48-hour hospital maternity stays for moms and their babies 
 had a few new slogans for my presidential campaign. Tune in to tonight at 10:30 Central Time on 
Dr. Wen of Planned Parenthood: “This is not a drill.” Planned Parenthood: Missouri's last abortion clinic says it may lose its license this week 
This isn’t an editorial from fifty years ago.  It was published today—May 28, 2019.  In 2020 we vote.  Elections matter.  via 
The science is clear: Climate change is happening. Ice sheets and glaciers don’t lie, they simply melt. We cannot allow this administration to hide the facts.
Yes, it's way past time for the pharma companies that got people hooked on opioids in the first place to be be on the hook for what they've done. Thanks state ; local leaders across the country for taking this on to get the needed resources for treatment.
 One of my favorite activities from the Office Opening! 
Good seeing our favorite veteran today (my dad)! 
Backing ruthless dictators over our allies in the region? This does not show American strength: Still angling for a deal, Trump backs Kim Jong Un over Biden, Bolton and Japan 
So honored to join U.S. Marine Corp vet ; Purple Heart recipient Harry Burke at Fort Snelling for Memorial Day. He served in the Battle of Chosin Reservoir, one of the most harrowing battles of the Korean War.💜Today we honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice ; their families 
Today I’m joining our military leaders, veterans and Gold Star families at Fort Snelling in Minnesota to remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice. This Memorial Day I hope you’ll join me in taking a moment to honor our fallen heroes.
 is just around the corner — get your  Pride gear now &gt;&gt;  
Another victory for the Twins and they are now 10 games up in AL Central. Not gloating, just doing what MN sports fans do best: savoring the wins when they happen.  ⚾️ 
John gave me auto bingo for my birthday yesterday and our drives through Iowa.  OK I won!   
The excitement Iowans bring to every single election is infectious. A perfect wrap-up to this trip talking to people (including some small small business owners) in Fort Dodge. 
Decorah, Charles City, Iowa Falls, Des Moines, Iowa and a whole lot of singing. No better way to spend my birthday yesterday than talking to people about how we can move this country forward. 
Boone, Iowa is home to a big statue of Teddy Roosevelt, the great Livery Deli and a whole lot of excited Democrats. Thanks for coming out! 
Congrats to the Gophers! I’ll be rooting for you. 
A full house in Des Moines! Thank you to and  in Iowa for a wonderful birthday bash. 
America’s prosperity depends on supporting our farms and rural communities. That's why I'm in Iowa today unveiling policy priorities to help farmers. They are the backbone of our country, and there's so much more we need to do to help them succeed.
A packed house party at Minority Leader and his wife Ann’s home. Not a bad way to spend a birthday afternoon — with lots of friends from Charles City, Iowa! 
It was a lovely spring morning in Decorah, Iowa! Thanks to the many, many people who came out to our meet and greet at The Lingonberry. 
It's great to spend my birthday with Abigail in Iowa, but she's asking some tough questions... 
So, I got to ring in my birthday a little early last night with a rousing chorus from my friends at the Thank you! 
Speaker Pelosi did a great job at our dinner last night. Abigail and John there too! 
Thank you Speaker Pelosi for joining us at the Humphrey-Mondale Dinner last night and for being an example of a strong woman and leader for us all.  
Worth a read: Why it’s so alarming that Trump shared an edited video of Pelosi 
There are insidious forces every day that are trying to make it harder for people to vote, trying to drown out our voices with big money.So it’s time to organize. Time to galvanize. Time to take back our democracy.  
I’m about to go live at the  Dinner in Minnesota with the Tune in: 
It's unbelievable that the President of the United States would be involved in a disinformation campaign, but it's happening. We need to put real rules of the road in place online, pass my Honest Ads Act, ; encourage Americans to be diligent about the sources they go to for news. 
The President chose to walk out of a bipartisan meeting and play partisan politics to hide the fact that his infrastructure plan is a mirage. He doesn't have one! But I do, it's paid for, and it will create good-paying American jobs. 
The coordinated attack on women's health care continues. This is dangerous and unconstitutional, and we must fight back. 
Facebook removed over 2 billion bots in just the first quarter. We need to pass my Honest Ads Act to provide transparency on political social media ads so Americans know exactly who is trying to influence our elections. 
We had a great campaign headquarters office opening party last night! Tons of people, cool space, great staff and snow cones to commemorate our snow announcement! Proud to be headquartered in the Midwest.  
Wonderful office opening tonight with so many volunteers.  Thanks to our staff, family and friends!  Here’s one of our favorites...She’s ready to go to Iowa! 
Mark my words: We will see Trump's tax returns.
The Society of Civil Engineers gives America’s infrastructure a D+. And the President literally couldn’t even sit down at the table to try and find a solution. Meanwhile, I have a plan and it’s fully paid for. Let’s get this fixed.
Breaking: Senate just passed disaster relief bill which includes help for damage from Midwest floods, Florida;Southern hurricanes ; storms, Western fires and...yes and finally Puerto Rico! No coincidence that after months of waiting, the vote took place during a tornado warning!
While they need help, farmers would rather farm and sell what they produce instead of getting a bailout! The President must get back to the negotiating table. This is real, people are suffering and small farms are going under.
I will never forget seeing Janice stand with her beautiful granddaughter and bravely talk about her daughter’s struggle with addiction and mental health. This issue affects so many, and we need to act now. Read her story:
On Sept. 29, 2018 a 10-year-old child died in U.S. custody — and we’re just learning about it now. This cannot keep happening. We need an investigation and we need to hold the Administration accountable. 
Every day there’s a new story about how we face extraordinary challenges due to climate change. I can’t stress this enough: We need to act NOW before it’s too late.
The President’s decision to exit the Iran nuclear agreement has created grave risks. Why deal with dangerous and notoriously bad guys by losing our leverage, abandoning our allies,and giving the keys to the hard-liners?  
So there you have it!  No “freedom” to say what you think in the Republican Party of Donald Trump and Betsy DeVos: DeVos family ends financial support for Rep. Amash 
I stand with and workers striking to demand union rights and a $15 hourly wage.
As one of the first openly LGBTQ elected officials in the United States, Harvey Milk was a trailblazer and inspiration. Let's honor his legacy by continuing to work for full equality for all.  
And the bridges and internet and roads still aren’t fixed, they can’t drink the water in Flint, but this is all the President had to say today. I rolled out a paid-for real plan for infrastructure. It’s time to stop the griping start the governing.  
Here we are in another  This time the President says he won't work on infrastructure if Congress does its job and conducts legitimate oversight. Rebuilding roads, bridges, and schools should not be partisan. I have a plan to do it: 
Today I stood with my colleagues to call for the Senate to pass the Violence Against Women Act. It’s hung up in the Senate because of my provision w/ to close the loophole that allows domestic abusers to get guns. Senate Republicans should choose women over the NRA. 
The President’s last-ditch effort to fund his border wall siphons money from the TSA. An official at the agency said programs would be “broken if funding is reduced.” It’s time to stop these reckless games — our security is being put at risk.  
The  are now 32-16!  This is a great team! ⚾️ Twins come alive late, run away for 8-3 victory over Angels. 
We've come a long way in the 100 days since we launched this campaign. Thank you! 
Even the IRS seems to think President Trump should hand over his taxes to Congress.
 “I don’t think anyone thought that we were going to have this debate again,” says at the U.S. Supreme Court on Na…
No. We need Director Mueller to testify in public. On the record. Period.
As recently as 2018, Kremlin-linked officials were discussing how to sow hatred and violence in the United States. This is a dress rehearsal for 2020. We need to protect our elections and pass the Honest Ads Act and my election security legislation. Now.
In blocking former White House counsel Don McGahn from testifying this morning, the White House is now obstructing a hearing about obstruction. As Rep. said: "Our subpoenas are not optional."
Women’s reproductive rights are under attack across the country. I’m here on the Supreme Court steps at the rally to take back our rights. Today we must stand together to  I will always stand up for women’s health care. 
The Judge says it all “It is simply not fathomable that a Constitution that grants Congress the power to remove a President..would deny Congress the power to investigate him for unlawful conduct-past or present-even without opening an impeachment inquiry” 
This is the sad truth: suicides have increased in America by 30% in the last 15 years. It’s one reason I’ve put out a plan to address mental health issues and make sure those suffering from mental illness can get the help they need.
This is just wrong. The White House is telling the former WH Counsel not to comply with a Congressional subpoena. The Trump Administration seems to forget what Thomas Paine said: in America, the law is king — not the other way around. 
So inspiring to see the good work being done by all the members of We must keep working to end senseless gun violence, stand up to the gun lobby and pass universal background checks. 
I had a great evening at the at Dartmouth in Hanover, New Hampshire last night talking about the future of our economy and how I’m ready to lead our country forward. 
If you want to stand with me, consider making a grassroots donation: 
No money from corporate PACs, DC lobbyists, OR the fossil fuel industry. It’s that simple. 
Lack of competition is bad for your pocketbook and our economy. We must enforce and strengthen our antitrust laws. 
 “But I just think it’s really important, Chris, for your Fox viewers to know, because there’s so much misinformation out t…
Full house at our Laconia house party. Thanks for hosting me, Carlos! 
We've got some wonderful house parties planned today in the Granite State. First up — Nashua and Salem. Favorite moments: signing the "Winner's Wall" and a packed house (right by the lake) 
Went on Fox this morning to talk about the attacks on women's health. No matter what TV station people watch, they need to know the truth. 
We need the truth and we need to protect our democracy — and neither should be partisan. Yet, the White House made calls to shut down my Secure Elections Act. No matter what, I'm going to keep fighting for answers and working to protect our elections. 
In New Hampshire last night for the spaghetti dinner in Keene. Thanks to Carl DeMatteo, JoAnn Fenton, Debora Pignatelli, and an incredible crowd committed to electing NH Democrats and taking back the White House! 
  is in Michigan today, a state where she holds a strong advantage over nearly the entire 2020 Democratic field…
Thank you to Virgie Rollins and Clarice Squillace for having me. And thank you to and so many other Michigan women for your leadership.
What an inspirational day at the Democratic Women’s Caucus Legacy Luncheon in Detroit! These women are fearless leaders who are making progress — I was honored to be there. 
Visited the in Ann Arbor Michigan w/ to discuss our bill to stop domestic abusers from getting guns. U.S. Senate needs to stand up to the NRA by passing the Violence Against Women Act   and closing the boyfriend loophole now.
Great visit to Michigan! Thanks and the wonderful women leaders of Michigan 
Thinking of my friend and her wonderful husband Joseph.  Note her life message: “more family, more friends, more music, less screens.” 
Just one more reason to love Duluth! Duluth's 97-year-old hockey legend Mark Sertich keeps on skating. 
My dad struggled with alcoholism and I know the difference treatment made for him and my family. Everyone deserves that same chance. We must invest in addiction treatment and mental health care — and the pharmaceutical companies that caused this problem should pay for it. 
These politicians in Alabama, Georgia, and across the country are using women as political pawns to overturn Roe v. Wade. If you care about families' rights to make their own decisions, this election could not be more important. 
30 states still lack comprehensive protections for LGBTQ people. The passage of the  in the House of Representatives is a crucial step towards fixing that. The Senate should follow suit ; make sure all Americans have the equality promised to them in the Constitution.
Election security is national security, and we need to get serious about protecting our electoral process. Otherwise, we will be vulnerable to a repeat of 2016. That’s why I introduced my Election Security Act with 37 cosponsors to defend against foreign interference
We are entering very dangerous territory with these attacks on reproductive rights. Republicans are setting up a fight at the Supreme Court to take away crucial access to women’s health care. We’ve got to keep fighting these attacks.
 Ask any Iowan what's most important this year, and they'll probably say health care. Push a bit further and they'll be sp…
The President's immigration proposal continues to fail DREAMers, does not address our refugees and asylum seekers and provides no path to citizenship. This plan is far from comprehensive — what we need is comprehensive immigration reform that moves our country ; economy forward.
 nails it. Voter suppression is real, insidious and undermining our democracy. This has been a top priority for me in the Senate and will continue to be in the White House.
To the President/NSA Advisor Bolton/Sec. Pompeo: The authorization for the use of military force that Congress passed in 2001 against al-Qaeda DOES NOT AUTHORIZE a war against Iran. Saber-rattling ; risking the lives of our men ; women while eschewing diplomacy is not leadership.
We know Russia interfered in the 2016 election, and we know they’re trying to do it again in 2020. Protecting our democracy shouldn’t be a partisan issue. Congress must pass my bipartisan election security legislation now.
This is a coordinated attack on women's health and an attempt to turn back the clock to a time before Roe v. Wade. We have to stop this. 
Every family in America should have access to broadband internet connection regardless of zip code. Yesterday, the Senate Commerce Committee passed two of my bills to make that a reality for rural communities. 
 I'll say it again: The Georgia and Alabama abortion bans are wrong. They are dangerous. They are unconstitutional. And th…
I'll say it again: The Georgia and Alabama abortion bans are wrong. They are dangerous. They are unconstitutional. And they are out of step with the majority of Americans. 
I guess it's good that some in this administration are finally admitting the truth about Russian interference in our elections — but now they need to get serious about stopping it from happening again. 
On the Senate floor with making the case for taking on the pharmaceuticals to bring down the prices of prescription drugs.  The time to act is now.
. asks some questions we have never gotten at town hall meetings: Other questions to go with ‘Which candidate would you like to have a beer with?’ 
I'm so proud of my friend for bravely standing on the Senate floor and sharing her experience with depression. I'm with her in the fight to end the stigma and make mental health care a priority in this country.
Another attack on people of faith and their place of worship...this time during Ramadan. We must reject hate and hold those responsible accountable.
This bill in Alabama is effectively a ban on abortion. This is wrong. This is unconstitutional.  Screen Shot 2019-05-14 at 9.35.41 PM.png
The Administration’s reckless policies increase the risk of armed conflict;isolate the U.S. The President was wrong to withdraw from the Iran Agreement and he can’t draw us into war w/out authorization from Congress. Acting alone makes America less safe. 
And now you see why we must pass the Secure Elections Act and Director Mueller must testify. 
It’s  and a time for us to face the reality of discrimination in maternal care. Women of color are much more likely to die because of preventable health care issues. This is a problem that can and must be fixed.
Thanks and for bringing awareness to the importance of treatment courts — they are a critical part of addressing addiction... and they work! 
 This is what happens when you cut funding for the Great Lakes three budgets in a row and then realize you have to win Mich…
“We don’t know a planet like this...” Startling news from the well-respected Mauna Loa observatory in Hawaii: Carbon Dioxide levels have reached the highest they’ve been in human history. We must act to reverse climate change now. 
Wishing President Carter well as he recovers from his hip surgery. Love that he was on the way out the door to go turkey hunting at age 94. Cherish my visit with him and Rosalynn in Plains in February.
Nearly every place I go on the campaign trail, I hear about addiction and mental health. People don't know where to go. They're not getting the support they need.I have a plan to help. 
This week marks 65 years since the ruling in Brown v. Board of Education declared school segregation unconstitutional. A step forward for equality and justice, but a reminder that there is so much more work to be done and we have a long way to go.
I’ll take Arya, thanks. She may have survived a rough battle last night, but, after all, two weeks ago she saved the world.   
While traveling to Puerto Rico I visited a school damaged by Hurricane Maria. In one room was a lesson plan and date on a whiteboard: September 15, 2017. 5 days before Maria hit. The building is frozen in time. PR needs disaster aid now, ; students need to get back to school. 
Can a woman win this race? Absolutely. And if you want to be part of this growing team, sign up here:  
To the people of the Escuela Juan Antonio Corretjer students, and everyone I met this weekend: In the face of adversity, you make Puerto Rico vibrant and strong. 
Thank you to Mayors and the and for welcoming me to Puerto Rico this weekend! 
Happy Mother’s Day!  Here’s my mom (miss her every day), Abigail and me. Monarch butterflies were my mom’s favorites and she passed that on to me, and as you can see Abigail loves them too.  Here’s to moms, butterflies, and giving our daughters and sons the wings to fly! 🦋 
Disaster relief is a humanitarian issue, not a wedge issue, no matter what the president says. Thank you Gov. for meeting with me to discuss how we can work together to rebuild disaster-affected areas in Puerto Rico. 
In Puerto Rico. The date on this whiteboard is Sept. 15th 2017, just days before Hurricane Maria struck. This school, Escuela Juan Antonio Corretjer, remains closed. It is a tragic reminder that as disaster relief is held up, we are failing our children, our fellow U.S. citizens. 
En PR. La fecha en esta pizarra es 15 de sept. de 2017, días después de que azotara Irma y días antes de María. La Escuela Juan Antonio Corretjer, sigue cerrada, como un recordatorio trágico que la ayuda no ha llegado. Le estamos fallando a nuestra niñez y a nuestros compatriotas 
It’s simple: Americans want leadership that brings people together. I’m visiting with leaders in Puerto Rico today to listen to their needs, and find ways to help. 
I also got to peek into the boiler room — so it feels like a good time to plug that I have a plan to invest in the next generation of leaders by improving school infrastructure! Read more about it here:  
And many thanks to Samantha Rosado-Ciriello, William Shaggura and Dr. Robert Vicuña for showing me around today
It's hard not to be hopeful after spending a day with bright young students like those at And it's even harder not to be inspired by the incredible work our teachers do. Thank you to and for an unforgettable day. 
Addiction and mental health issues can affect any family — including mine. That's why I put out a plan to tackle this head on and get people the treatment they need. 
Joined last night to talk about what it's like to run for president and why I'm headed to Puerto Rico 
Paid family leave is just common sense — it helps working families and our economy. Gov. Sununu's veto of SB1 hurts Granite Staters. As president, I'd make ensuring paid family leave a priority  
The law Gov. Kemp signed in Georgia bans women from making their own health care decisions. It literally makes them criminals if they leave the state to seek the care they need. Health care decisions should be between patients and doctors. End of story.
Congrats to Minnesota’s Ann Kim of on her prestigious James Beard Award!
The needs to come to the table to negotiate. Its workers are fighting for better benefits, better compensation, job security and dignity in the workplace. I stand with and support their right to organize.
Please, take a minute and listen to Janice Weiner. Her powerful story about her daughter’s battle with substance use highlights why it's so important to combat addiction and prioritize mental health care. 
Veterans’ wounds aren’t always visible. Access to mental health care is so important, and we need to make it a priority in this country.
Last night I had noted that doing the FOX town hall was a little bit like being a Vikings fan walking onto Lambeau Field, but I've always said you can't just go where it's comfortable. I want to move this country forward for all Americans.
President Trump’s tax bill has wreaked havoc on the survivor benefits of Gold Star families. I joined in introducing a bill to fix this for our families who have already made the ultimate sacrifice for their country.
Just on floor for first floor speech.  A cool first: She was the first Senator to use her maiden speech to try to get something done! She asked for senate to pass a resolution to defend the Affordable Care Act from the Republican lawsuit. The Republicans objected.
AG Barr told me to ask Director Mueller for President Trump’s tax returns myself — so I did. I still don’t have them. It’s just one more reason Director Mueller needs to come before Congress and testify.
I think to be a progressive, you have to make progress. I've stood up for our shared beliefs and I've gotten stuff done too. That's what I'll continue to do as your president. 
That’s it for the  in Milwaukee. We aren’t taking any corporate PAC or federal lobbyist money. This campaign is homegrown and we can only go as far as you’re willing to take us. Chip in $3 now to join the team:  
Health care decisions should be between patients and their doctors. Period. 
I love my dad. He struggled with alcohol for a long time — and I’ve seen the toll addiction can take. I’ve also seen how treatment can change a person’s life. That’s why I released a plan to get people the addiction and mental health care treatment they need  
I want to protect people with pre-existing conditions. I want to make sure everyone has access to health care. And I want to do it as quickly as possible 
Here’s my bottom line: Robert Mueller conducted an investigation to protect our democracy and he needs to testify before Congress. The President cannot hide the report 
So very sorry to hear this. My thoughts are with Larry's family and the entire ATU community as we mourn a real fighter for working people. 
We need to see the full report in order to protect our elections. We've been warned over and over that the Russians are going to do this again. What is President Trump afraid of? 
Drug manufacturers are taking in huge profits while Americans face skyrocketing prices for their life-saving medicine. My bill ends pay-for-delay tactics and helps make lower-cost generics available for all Americans.
Tonight’s the night! Join us at 5:30 Central Time for a town hall discussion live from Milwaukee, Wisconsin with ; 
Trump’s White House is blocking bipartisan legislation that would help prevent another attack on our elections. America deserves a president who will stand up to its adversaries. Our democracy is on the line.
Thanks to the for inviting me to  yesterday to talk about the issues that matter the most to American families. 
Russia’s interference in the 2016 election was just a dress rehearsal for what they plan to do in 2020. We need to pass the Honest Ads Act now to make sure it doesn’t happen again. 
Seems clearer than ever that we need to see President Trump's full tax returns...
My heart goes out to the victims ; their families at the STEM School Highlands Ranch, just eight miles away from Columbine High School. This has to stop. We must pass federal laws to end gun violence.  
I had so much fun meeting these girls at the Des Moines, Iowa Farmers Market this weekend! ✨ 
In America, the type of healthcare you receive shouldn't be determined by the color of your skin.
Thank you to Mayor Linda Harriott-Gathright, Jessica Parnell ; everyone at Revive Recovery Center in Nashua, New Hampshire for speaking with me about the power of a second chance.
Tune in to tomorrow at 5:30 Central Time for my town hall with ; live from Milwaukee, Wisconsin! 
In Nashua,New Hampshire today laying out my national proposal to fight addiction and prioritize mental health treatment. Thanks to Revive Recovery, Jess Parnell and Mayor Donchess ; community leaders for hosting us!     
Wishing all who celebrate a blessed Ramadan. 
Bottom line: We need legislation like my Secure Elections Act.
Thanks Tim!  That was a really fun event last night in Iowa City.  This video captures the spirit! 
It was great to see and all of you last night! 
Means a lot coming from you, Together, we can tackle this problem. 
Joined  on  today..Russian interference in our elections is not a “hoax.” It was—and is—a reality.  As President I will take the word of the FBI ; American Intelligence agents over Vladimir Putin’s.  
The President should start advocating for the safety of all Americans, and stop pandering to those who openly spread hate. 
My plan to address addiction and mental health includes our veterans. When they signed up to serve our country there wasn’t a waiting line. There should never be one for them to get the care they need. 
Thanks for the operatic shout-out on  last night.  It was great to see Opera Man again! I just got back from Iowa, and FYI-o: no one-o should count out the women yet-o! 
Wow! What a fired up crowd in Iowa City. 
Everywhere I go I hear moving stories about what addiction treatment and mental health care would mean for families. Addressing this issue must be a national priority. Thank you to everyone in Iowa City who came to share their stories and talk about how we can do this together. 
It was standing room only in Grinnell, Iowa today! Thanks to the Drake Community Library for having us, and to everyone who came out to our meet ; greet. 
Stopped by Dan's Sandwich Shop in Newton, Iowa to have one of their famous maid-rites. Dan and Pam Holtkamp have served a lot of people delicious food here in the last 49 years, including Barack Obama! 
Spring is here in Grinnell, Iowa! 
It's so clear talking to people that we need real action to help combat substance use disorders and prioritize mental health care. Thank you to the students, faculty and community leaders who joined the conversation at Drake University in Des Moines today. 
Came down to Iowa for the opening day with Rep. and our Iowa State Chair Got to see Des Moines Mayor Frank Cownie and make some new friends (including a fine, feathered one) 
Good day in Detroit today. Lots happening. Thanks to Wayne County Commissioner and the entire leadership team for hosting us! 
I’ve got a plan to combat addiction and prioritize mental health, and it’s paid for by holding the opioid manufacturers who helped get us into this mess accountable.
At today’s National Organization of Black County Officials Conference, I talked about infrastructure, investing in the next generation and my plan to help people with mental health and substance use issues get the help they need to overcome their struggles 
Sat down this morning with and the team at to talk about my dad, his story of overcoming addiction and my plan to make sure everyone has the same chance he did to get better. 
Here are a few ways we can do that:1. Promote early intervention and prevention tactics for substance use2. Expand access to treatment for addiction and mental health issues3. Improve training for health care professionals4. Support ongoing recovery
In 2017, an estimated 21 million people needed substance use treatment, but fewer than 20 percent were able to access it. With my plan, more people will get the help they need and the care they deserve.
I love my dad. He struggled with alcohol for a long time, but with the help of family, faith, community and treatment he got better. In his own words he was “pursued by grace.” I believe everyone should have that chance. 
We've got to be able to do two things at once. Let's find out the truth about Russia's interference in our democracy and protect people's health care. Thanks for having me 
Thanks for shining some light on my letter to Director Mueller. Here's the deal — we need to know if the President's finances were looked at in this investigation and if they were, then they should be provided to Congress. 
Trump: “Now Mueller, I assume, for $35 million, checked my taxes, checked my financials...”I asked AG Barr if the taxes were reviewed ; he surprisingly said he didn’t know ; I should “ask Bob Mueller when he comes here.” Today I did. I sent a letter. Mueller needs to testify.
I’m working hard for every single American's support. State by state, we’re building a real grassroots team. If you want to join, sign up here: 
Let’s lay it out: 1) Mallinckrodt increased the cost of this medication to $39,000 a vial. 2) Whistleblowers are saying Mallinckrodt bribed doctors to boost prescriptions. 3) This drug treats seizures for infants. Big pharma needs to be reined in.
As we confront a rise in anti-Semitic hate crimes ; recover from the tragic shootings at Tree of Life Synagogue ; Chabad of Poway, today's observation of  feels particularly poignant. Today and every day we must stand against anti-Semitism 
People are dying. Pharmaceutical companies need to be held accountable and bring down prices before more lives are lost. 
AG Barr can defend President Trump all he wants, but the American people deserve the truth. 
 Meanwhile.... 
 under questioning by Barr won’t say whether Trump’s actions as detailed in Mueller report are consistent w…
This is THE definitive bipartisan election security bill. Our nation's top law enforcement officer shouldn't have to think twice about protecting our elections. 
AG Barr is refusing to look at the totality of the evidence. This is Law School 101! Time to stop covering for the President and to start protecting our democracy. 
Looks like I’ll be up for questioning Barr right around 12:50 EC Time. Right after Cruz....
OK the AG just said he didn’t want to send out Mueller’s summaries and that he didn’t want to do summaries. But then he sent out a four-page summary himself? There is no other way to describe his letter which contained summary facts and conclusions.
To Republicans absurdly obsessed w/Clinton today: She won popular vote but lost the election.Momentum for her campaign was continually slowed/reversed by Russian hacked emails;unprecedented election invasion.Are you going to stand w/Russia or protect our security moving forward?
At Barr hearing;just read the newly released full Mueller letter: “the summary letter the Department sent to Congress..did not fully capture the context, nature, and substance of this Office’s work and conclusions.” That’s lawyer speak for “that 4-pager was completely misleading”
Thinking of the residents and first responders in Davenport tonight.  It is a beautiful town... 
Major breaking news. And tomorrow Barr will have to answer for this at our hearing. Updating my questions! Mueller complained that Barr’s letter did not capture ‘context’ of Trump probe 
Today, the House Judiciary Committee passed the House versions of my bills to bring down drug costs. Now the Senate needs to act.
Children should learn math, science ; history at school — not how to respond to an active shooter. This has to stop. Congress needs to get serious about passing real gun violence prevention laws. 
Americans should not have to struggle to afford life-saving prescription drugs. My new bipartisan bill stops big pharmaceutical companies from interfering with generic, lower-cost versions hitting the market. It’s time for Big Pharma to 
We cannot allow massive breaches like this to happen over and over again. We’ve got to put real rules in place to secure your data and privacy. 
The White House made calls to stop the Secure Elections Act from moving forward last year. This is more of the same: Despite warnings, Trump rebuffs risk of Russian attack on 2020 elections. 
Another Minnesotan, Vice President Mondale, once reflected on his time in office and said: “We told the truth, obeyed the law, and we kept the peace.” That’s the bare minimum we should expect from our President...
It's not just the Mueller report. Attorney General Barr has to answer why this administration is trying to strip millions of Americans of their health care. Watch my conversation with on 
This is good news, but there’s more we can do. We have to stop voter suppression and bring in more voters to our system. One of the ways I want to do that is by automatically registering every eligible citizen when they turn 18. 
ICYMI: My full interview with from
Russia interfered in our elections in 2016 and they’re poised to do it again in 2020. My bipartisan bill with Sen. Lankford puts protections in place to stop that from happening.
Watch this.  My plans for less expensive prescription drugs ; GETTING RID OF THE BAN on Medicare price bargaining is about bringing drug prices down for you. Do the Pharma companies like it?  No.  But that’s because no one ever says no to them. I will. 
Always been proud of our kids across the state and country who participate in robotics competitions. This time Minnesota sent the winning national team.  Congrats! Edina High School robotics team wins national award in Detroit. 
The American people deserve to have the full facts about the Mueller report and how we can better defend our democracy in the future. I have questions and I hope AG Barr is prepared to fully answer them.
Suicide rates among kids who go through this harmful practice are tripled when compared to their other LGBTQ peers (who are already more at-risk). Proud that MN is taking this important step. But we need to make sure this is banned across the country
The Trump Administration's child separation practice is a stain on our country. We must reunite innocent children with their families now.
 "If we want a secure America, we have to make sure Americans are secure when they retire. lays out her plans…
I have a plan to ensure 49 million Americans who have no retirement right now can start saving. Let's get it done. 
Sen. Lugar was a statesman and patriot. His leadership on foreign policy — including preventing the spread of nuclear weapons — continues to live on today. My thoughts are with his family. 
Pretty special moment last night to greet a returning Honor Flight and thank veterans for their service to our country. 
 A room packed full of Sun City Democrats for in Henderson, Nevada. She’s the first candidate to visit this cyc…
Today should have been a celebration for the Chabad of Poway synagogue. Instead, they are mourning shattered lives — I mourn with them. We must reject anti-Semitism and the do-nothing attitude about gun violence legislation in Congress.
Great to be at the  with and in Nevada today! Talked about my plans to  expand health care and make sure every family can save for retirement. 
Today at the  I laid out my plan to make sure employers are doing their part to help working people prepare for retirement. Read more about it: 
✅
FBI warns of Russian interference in 2020 elections.  Administration and Republican leadership in Senate must support bipartisan Secure Elections Act and stop blocking it.  via 
I stand in solidarity with and the 60,000 workers they represent. They’ve been fighting for fair wages and good health care for 84 years. Today, I met with their union leadership to discuss how we can continue fighting for the rights of workers in Nevada. 
Four in ten Americans don't have the savings to deal with an unexpected $400 expense. That's why I've got a bill with that would guarantee employer savings accounts to prepare for surprises today and retirement tomorrow.
Cheating Gold Star families out of their benefits is disgraceful. They made the ultimate sacrifice for our country –– they shouldn’t have to sacrifice more. I'm calling for an immediate fix from this administration.
 There's a lot of love for Rural America in $1 trillion infrastructure plan:💻 Rural Broadband🌊 Locks, Da…
Unlike the current administration, I cannot be bought by the gun lobby.
It’s been five years since we learned about the crisis in Flint, Michigan. And five years later, Flint’s residents still depend on bottled water. This is another reason I believe it’s so critical to invest in our water infrastructure immediately. 
Abigail and I in NYC with two incredible women: Carol Burnett and Julie Andrews. Happy Birthday Carol! 
This is a poll tax by another name, and therefore unconstitutional. The GOP has been steadily trying to chip away at voting rights for decades and we can't let them. Our democracy is stronger when more people participate in it.
Such a powerful day at  Women of color face systemic racism and sexism, but I promise you this — I will always fight for justice. 
Pharma doesn't own me, and neither do the fake patient advocacy groups they've created that are pushing to keep drug prices high, while pretending to fight for patients. I will continue to advocate for patients to bring these prices down. 
I was so proud to partner with Tammy on this effort and will never forget watching her enter the floor with little Maile Pearl — a historic moment (which Maile unsurprisingly slept through). 
A few things have happened since I wrote my book, so I’ve put out a new edition with a foreword where I discuss this presidential campaign. You can pick it up online or in stores:  
This shouldn’t be a question. Firing someone for being LGBTQ is discriminatory and wrong. 
The question of how we care for those who care for others goes right to the core of our country’s values. We need to bring those values back to the White House. 
Congratulations to on her historic victory! The future of Tampa is bright. 
Facebook should be held accountable for putting your security at risk. Now, we need to put real privacy rules in place that stop this from happening again. 
Sat down with leaders from across the country at the African American Mayors Association Annual Conference today. We talked about how we can make sure everybody in every city and town across this country has the chance to get ahead. 
Racism and sexism persist in this country. We hear it echoed in schoolyards and in the boardrooms. We see it reflected in our laws and our institutions. I’m ready to get to work to help fix it.  
Excited to be at the Presidential Forum in Houston, Texas today!  
Securing our elections from foreign influence is not something the President can choose to opt out of because of his ego. 
Arming our teachers isn’t the solution here. After the tragedy in Parkland, I worked across the aisle to get one billion dollars in school safety funding. We need gun safety legislation. 
This says it all: “It seems to me exec privilege was waived when McGahn was permitted to give testimony and was interviewed by Mueller,” said former Watergate prosecutor. The point? White House can’t use exec privilege to shield things already revealed!  
This was not a "couple of Facebook ads." The Russians not only purchased online ads but also, according to DOJ, hacked into state election databases and stole sensitive voter information of 500,000 people. This was an attack on our democracy.
At the Keg Cowboy in Lexington, South Carolina for a great meet and greet today. Thanks to SC Dems Treasurer Betsy George for the introduction and her daughter, Mira, for spending part of her birthday with me. 
Can’t believe I have to keep saying it: I believe in science. I just wish this administration did too — rolling back air pollution regulations is a direct threat to our health and our planet. 
You should know who’s trying to influence your vote. We need to pass my Honest Ads Act and protect our elections from foreign interference. 
I’m teaming up with to stand up against New Hampshire’s new voter suppression law that would stop thousands of students from being able to vote. ✏️Sign the petition now: 
 Here's why Sen. Amy Klobuchar says she's so passionate about substance abuse issues  
This is your moment. With your help, we can make real change in this country. 
 thanks for your kind words. And thank you for so bravely sharing your own story. Addiction is an insidious disease, but I will continue to fight to make sure everyone has the chance to — in my dad's words — be pursued by grace. 
There is real, urgent action we can take right now to tackle climate change. As your president, I'll make it a priority from day one  
Thanks for joining us for the  Now, take the next step and join the team &gt;&gt;  
We need bold action to rebuild America’s infrastructure. That’s why I’ve got a plan that will make smart investments, create good-paying jobs and help protect our environment 
My dad struggled for a long time with alcoholism, but with the help of his community and treatment, he got better. If you want to learn more, here’s my interview with  
The science is clear — our climate is in crisis. We must immediately invest in renewable energy, reenter the International Climate Change Agreement and work together to tackle this problem  
Prescription drug prices are out of control. Pharmaceutical companies think they own Washington. Well, they don’t own me — I will continue to stand up to them and bring costs down  
If a billionaire can refinance his yacht, students should be able to refinance student loans. It’s that simple 
The  is starting now! Tune in &gt;&gt; 
After numerous attempts to sabotage people’s health care, the number of Americans without insurance has RISEN under the Trump Administration. I am working to make sure all Americans have access to affordable health care. 
The patent for insulin was granted nearly a century ago for $3 to make sure the medication remained affordable. So why are pharmaceutical companies allowing costs to skyrocket? I have a plan to lower prescription drug prices that we could get done now.
People in every corner of America should have access to broadband — I helped introduce a bill with my colleague that takes an important step in that direction. As your president, I’ll work to connect every household to the internet by 2022.
Thank you to the big crowd who came out to the Waterhouse in Peterborough, New Hampshire this morning. And I loved the shirt! 
Today is  and I’m thinking about Fran and Jason whose house was devastated by the flooding in the Midwest this year. We must tackle climate change head on — that’s why I will rejoin the International Climate Agreement on Day One of my presidency. 
Pleased to see an agreement for Stop and Shop workers that gives them the benefits they have earned. A victory for and workers' rights! 
Tonight’s the night! My CNN Town Hall with begins at 6 PM Central/7 PM Eastern — don’t miss it! 
I stand w/ opposing voter suppression in New Hampshire ; across the country. The last time I checked people don’t want to give up their freedom to vote. We could make it even easier if we passed my bill to register every eligible young person when they turn 18! 
Family Easter hike to the top of New Hampshire’s Pack Monadnock! The Wapack Trail was a little muddy but wet tennis shoes can always dry.  We are the only ones up here and it is beautiful! 
Thanks to First Congregational Church of Walpole, New Hampshire for taking in our family for a wonderful Easter service and coffee hour today.  Nice sermon by interim Minister Rev.Dr. Stinson. The church is looking for a minister in a beautiful town so call the search committee. 
My prayers on this Easter Sunday are for the families of those killed and wounded by terrorists in the horrendous massacres in churches and other places in Sri Lanka.  Religious freedom is a human right that will never be defeated by hate. ✝️
Happy Easter!  Wishing everyone a day of faith and new beginnings. I always remember my mom on Easter and her egg tree and many traditions.  Here she is with Abigail many years ago. And no, I’m not making Abigail wear that Easter hat today! 
Want a reminder to tune into Amy’s CNN Town Hall on Monday at 6CT? Sign up here and we’ll send you a note &gt;&gt;  
Family driving trip in New Hampshire. Report: Great scenery, lots of rain and melting snow. But when it rains there are always breweries. Thanks Company! 
Rebuilding America's infrastructure means investing in commuter rail to improve accessibility for our workers and prepare for the demands of a 21st-century economy.
As the daughter of a newspaperman, I grew up knowing just how important the free press is. Freedom of the press is essential to our democracy and I will always defend it. 
Easter candy I never knew existed: gummy carrots, bunny corn and fried eggs.  Chutters, Littleton, New Hampshire. 
Need some chocolate Easter eggs? Check out the world’s longest candy counter at Chutters in Littleton, New Hampshire... 
It’s clear AG Barr doesn’t see himself as the people’s lawyer. That is why we must hear from Director Mueller and get all the facts. 
My infrastructure plan would make a difference in every state, including New Hampshire.  
Remembering the 13 killed and 24 wounded in the tragic shooting at Columbine High School. Twenty years have passed, but we haven’t made twenty years of progress on gun violence prevention. It’s time to pass gun safety legislation.
Congrats to Minneapolis’ own for her  album  which includes a really good line: “Woke up feeling like I just might run for president. Even if there ain't no precedent.” 😄
A family to keep in your prayers this Easter/Passover weekend.  Five-year-old boy hurt in MOA attack 'showing real signs of recovery'. 
Investing in commuter rail is central to our economy. Joined with Manchester Mayor and Manchester business and union leaders to discuss my plan to rebuild public transit infrastructure. 
To everyone celebrating Passover: Chag Pesach Sameach!
Excited to join for a Town Hall on Monday at 6 PM Central and 7 PM Eastern. Join live to hear more about my plans to make sure everyone in this country has a real opportunity to get ahead. 
I stand in solidarity with the Stop ; Shop workers who are asking for fair wages and compensation. Stopped by the Somerville, Massachusetts picket line today to lend my support 
Great to see students in the halls of the Iowa State Capitol yesterday. Thanks to for capturing democracy in action!  
Maybe they didn’t use tanks or missiles, but make no mistake — Russia invaded our democracy. 
Met yesterday with Iowa Dem House and Senate caucuses. Thanks to and for your leadership and for inviting me! 
Went on tonight to talk about the Mueller report. Chris even played a clip of my questions at AG Barr's nomination hearing. It appears my questions about obstruction were right on the money... 
First Page of Mueller report says that Russian government interfered in 2016 presidential election “in sweeping and systematic fashion.”  So despite the endless doubts cast by the President, this happened. Case made for my bill for backup paper ballots and post-election audits. 
Here’s the full Mueller report:  
Attorney General Barr has made it clear he is not impartial when it comes to this investigation. Now that we have the report we should hear from Robert Mueller himself in public hearings. Our democracy demands it.
We want to hear from Director Mueller himself. 
Everyone should have clean drinking water. That’s why my infrastructure plan includes fixing our water systems. We can do better and we must: A crisis in Kentucky shows the high cost of clean drinking water  
What greeted me tonight in Iowa but the news that it is national cheeseball day!  Only limited time (and limited cheese) left to celebrate! 
 INBOX: Minnesota U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar will do a May 8 town hall on Fox News live in Milwaukee, home of the 2020 Democrati…
It was great to spend my morning at Fisk University in Nashville talking about the urgent need to rebuild our infrastructure with students and community leaders. From roads to schools to rail — we need a real plan that invests in America. 
Thanks Edley’s Bar-B-Que and Tennessee Dems for the warm welcome! 
Good events in Miami and Tallahassee yesterday.  Thanks. Lots of sun and no snow!  Amy Klobuchar foreshadows Florida message in Tallahassee 
Talked with Venezuelan-American community leaders in Doral, Florida this morning about the importance of granting Temporary Protected Status to Venezuelans seeking asylum, protecting the freedom of the press in Venezuela, and sanctions and humanitarian aid. 
Black women are dying from pregnancy-related complications at 3x the rate of white women. We’ve got to recognize that this is a crisis and work to fix the system. 
Watching the Notre-Dame Cathedral burning on Easter week.  A tragedy for Paris, the Church and the world. 700 years of history. Such a sacred and beautiful place.
Try me! 
As the President comes to Minnesota today to celebrate the tax bill, remember we could have fixed waterways, levees, roads, bridges, schools ; rail w/the money he gave to the wealthy.  He doesn't have a real plan to rebuild America's infrastructure. I do. 
Article on my visit to Iowa ethanol plant. The oil waivers from this administration didn’t stop w/EPA Secretary Pruitt leaving. The problem for midwest continues w/dozens of RFS waivers given to cos. like Chevron; Exxon.  As President I would change that.  
Donald Trump is coming to Minnesota tomorrow  — tune in now to Amy’s press conference: 
Exactly! Flora and pharma: A better landscape on prescription drug costs begins to bloom. 
 Thank you to for a great conversation this evening....climate change, democracy, infrastructure, student loan…
Lots of students energized in Colorado: Sen. Amy Klobuchar talks policies, presidential candidacy to packed Boulder audience 
Thank you for being there, Juliana! I hope we'll see you again soon. 
Thank you to for a great conversation this evening....climate change, democracy, infrastructure, student loans...we covered it all. Great crowd and a warm welcome in Colorado. Be back soon! 
Good to stop by to celebrate 10 years of marriage equality in Iowa. Spoke with so many incredible people including Kate and Trish Varnum who were two of the plaintiffs in the case that made marriage equality in Iowa a reality! 
I had a great conversation with the Asian and Latino Coalition of Iowa yesterday. We talked about how we can make sure everyone has an honest opportunity to succeed in America. 
I would reverse this: Trump administration ban on transgender troops goes into effect  
This wasn’t just a rumor...it was true. The President is now embracing using children as political pawns: Trump says he is giving ‘strong considerations’ to releasing immigrant detainees in ‘sanctuary cities’ 
Someone has already been charged with a serious threat on Congresswoman Omar’s life. The video the President chose to send out today will only incite more hate. You can disagree with her words—as I have done before—but this video is wrong. Enough.
 has been an extraordinary champion for the people of Iowa's Second Congressional District. I wish him all the best in his retirement. 
To the trans men and women who have served or are serving our country in the military, thank you for your patriotism and bravery. I'm standing with you.
And thank you to my friends and for coming along today and bringing your expertise!
I believe our country needs to be powered by homegrown energy. Today, I spoke with ethanol leaders in Nevada, Iowa about how we can reduce our dependence on oil and invest in renewable energy. 
I come from a union family and I will always fight for our workers. It was great to start my day with leaders from to talk about how we protect the right to organize. 
I’ve released 12 years of tax returns, so I can only assume that the President is coming to my home state on Tax Day to do the same... 
The President is literally using human beings as  pawns in a political game. Instead of passing comprehensive immigration reform he does this: White House proposed releasing immigrant detainees in sanctuary cities, targeting political foes 
Be safe and things should be improving later in the day: Travel not advised for large part of Minnesota; Gov. Walz calls out National Guard. 
If the 2018 elections taught us anything, it should be that Democrats can win when we work together. And in 2020, we have the chance to bring decency and dignity back to the White House. 
After Abigail was born, I took on the insurance companies to pass one of the first laws in the country guaranteeing new moms a 48-hour hospital stay. As your president, I’ll keep standing up for you and your health care. 
!!!  It took New Zealand 26 days to act on gun control. Congress has been stalling for years. 
While I enjoyed announcing my candidacy in a blizzard, enough already.  This is the last big snow of the year! Heavy snow makes travel difficult in much of Minnesota. 
We can’t let the gun lobby write our laws. My bill in the Violence Against Women Act to close the boyfriend loophole will help keep more families safe. I urge the Senate to pass it immediately.
Many of our schools are in disrepair and the problem disproportionately affects low-income communities and communities of color. My infrastructure plan invests in the next generation by rebuilding our schools. 
Excited about our New Hampshire team! 
Thanks ! 
Thanks to the National Building Trades for the warm welcome today.  When our building trades are strong, our buildings are strong.  When our workers are strong our economy is strong.  
  brings the audience to their feet by invoking 4 words: "Former Governor Scott Walker."
One more reason we have to win in 2020: McConnell announces net neutrality “dead on arrival.” Winning on Net Neutrality means a win for PEOPLE!!   
 is an inspiration. I’m with her in the fight for stronger gun safety laws to help make sure what happened to Jordan doesn’t happen to another child. 
We shouldn’t be punished for success. I’m urging the TSA to give the support they need to bring down wait times. 
There’s no way around it — lives are at stake when people can’t afford the medication they need to survive. I’ve been taking on the pharma companies for years and as president I’ll work to lower drug prices in the first 100 days. 
Congrats to for winning the MN hot dish contest and for graciously hosting!  And thanks for starting this great MN congressional delegation tradition! 
And you wonder why your drug prices are so high....Republicans Are Warning Drug Companies Not To Cooperate With A Congressional Investigation 
This is outrageous and failed once. It will fail again: Trump reportedly wants to revive one of his least-popular policy proposals: Family separation 
Good morning!  It is never too early (or too late) to join our team! 
I learned a lot being the parent of a sick kid — like that an insurance-mandated 24-hour hospital stay for new moms was wrong. More importantly, I got an understanding of what other parents are going through when they’re fighting for their kids. 
Our schools should be as great as our hopes for the next generation. That’s why my infrastructure plan makes a big investment in our schools. Thank you to the students, teachers and administrators of J. Harold Brinley Middle School in Las Vegas for showing me around today. 
You can join the team today by chipping in $5 here: 
Since that snowy day we launched in February, the outpouring of support has been incredible. We’ve raised over $5.2 MILLION from every state in the country to power this homegrown campaign. Thank you so much for everything. 
I come from a union family and have always believed in and defended the fundamental right to organize. Honored to be at  with and to discuss rebuilding America’s infrastructure and supporting our workers! 
 Here at IAM* Conference in Vegas, calls herself the grand daughter and daughter of union members, who was MN's…
Thanks for the work you do for all American workers. When Unions are strong our economy is strong! 
Good meeting you Demi!  Thanks! 
Thanks to for your good work and making sure that we fixed the boyfriend gun loophole.  Will need your help to makes sure our provision stays in in the Senate  Bill.  Good seeing you in Vegas. 
Thanks for your work as head of and with the  and at  Organizing and your help AND vote is how the great  won in Nevada in 2018 and how we will win in 2020.  Good meeting you! 
Our grassroots team is working all over the country! Thank you for the (literally) warm welcome, Las Vegas! 
WATCH: calls Amy's plan to create a clemency board to reform presidential pardons a "game changer." 
These students worked hard to make a better life for themselves and were defrauded. We need to have their backs. The least the Education Department and Secretary Devos can do is move quickly to get them relief from this crushing debt. 
In case you missed it, check out my interview with on my fight to make sure everyone facing addiction has the same chance to get treatment that my dad had. 
My dad struggled for a long time with alcoholism, but with the help of his community and treatment he got better. He says he was pursued by grace — I think everyone has a right to that kind of redemption. 
The is off to a great start in Minneapolis! Good luck to and
I met Fritz Hollings of South Carolina a few times ; he was a great and delightful person...and ahead of his time. In his last Senate speech 15 years ago he called money in politics “the main culprit, the cancer on the body politic." We will miss him.  
We shouldn't have 47,000 structurally deficient bridges in America. We need to rebuild our infrastructure from the ground up — and I've got the plan to make it happen.
Josephine-who President Obama pardoned after a 24-year drug sentence-is exhibit A for criminal justice reform. My plan builds on the First Step Act, including a clemency board outside of the Justice Department to advise me on pardons. 
 Something you didn’t know about our family: Our daughter Abigail once won her college stand-up comedy contest... 
Thank you to and for having me at  today. 
 2020 candidate visited this Iowa family after their house was destroyed by record flooding in the area 
Interesting proposal but unless it is the Gophers playing I’m cheering on all four teams and just happy it isn’t snowing.    
Good to be home! Welcome fans for   It’s a lot warmer than it was for the Super Bowl! 
A $500 expense shouldn’t put families into debt. I want to make sure employers are paying their fair share to help workers save today and prepare for tomorrow. 
Closing the boyfriend loophole in our gun laws is the bill I introduced years ago and it is time to get it done.  The House didn’t fold to the NRA and neither should the Senate!! 
An unexpected $500 expense could push nearly half of American families into debt. Today I introduced the Savings for the Future Act with that would help prepare families for emergencies AND let more workers save for retirement.
You'll just have to run for office! Donations make for pretty good closure. 
Something you didn’t know about our family: Our daughter Abigail once won her college stand-up comedy contest... 
My friend is a very good guy and and a fierce fighter — I know he’ll tackle this challenge like he has every other. He’s a great husband, dad, Senator and that cancer doesn’t stand a chance! 
It’s time to get our infrastructure back on the fast track. We don’t have 80 years to wait around while we fall further behind. 
Lack of child care options can hurt kids’ development and place an undue burden on parents. Grateful to Minnesota reps from who are working to help pass my Child Care Facilities and Workforce Act  
 has tirelessly fought for working families for 14 years at SEIU Local 26. I’m excited to continue working together to make sure all working families can flourish in his new role. 
 LISTEN: Senator Amy Klobuchar and Congresswoman Debbie Dingell explain why it’s crucial that Congress protect women over th…
NRA has come out against the  bill because of gun safety provision on stalkers and domestic abusers I’ve long led in senate and  led in House.  Stand with us against NRA obstruction. Do our colleagues stand with the NRA or women’s safety? 
Good to be part of the official escort committee and here for the speech! NATO couldn’t be more important.  All for one. One for all.  🇳🇴 🌎 
Congratulations to on her history-making victory last night! 
Fran and Jason’s house is still underwater outside Council Bluffs, Iowa — it stood there for over a century before this. It's another example of why we must tackle climate change AND invest in our infrastructure. 
Today’s  a day that represents how far into the next yr women have to work to make what men made the previous yr. But that’s only part of the story. = Pay Day isn't until 8/22 for Black women, 9/23 for Native women, ; 11/20 for Latinas. Let’s get to work to fix this
I authored this in the Senate. It means women who are stalked or abused would have less chance of being gunned down. The NRA is trying to stop it? I’m not scared of them ; you shouldn’t be either. THIS IS WHY WE VOTE! Why N.R.A. Opposes Domestic Abuse Bill 
Just one more reason my trillion dollar national infrastructure plan makes sense: Concrete bridge railing collapses onto Tennessee interstate, injuring one person  
Rebuilding America's infrastructure is an economic necessity — I've got a plan to make it happen. Check out my interview with from 
I believe the  is an incredibly important step to support our workers and level the playing field. 
A key election in my neighboring state tomorrow. I'm supporting for Wisconsin Supreme Court. I know she'll be a fair and independent voice for justice for the Badger State.
There was an incredible feeling of energy and activism at  We are not just resisting — we are insisting on a better way forward for this country. 
Abigail put together a pretty funny video. Please share. 
It’s the last day of the quarter and we need you to be like Reily’s mom. Give $1 now to support a strong woman in the White House.  
Good to see the great cooking team at Popol Vuh and Centro in Minneapolis tonight. Great place to eat! 
Got to talk about two of my favorite things at the Communication Workers of America District 7 conference in Minnesota today: 1) expanding broadband and 2) Democrats winning in 2020! 
We could be entering a new Gilded Age — we have to take on the power of these big corporations now. 
I will always stand up for the rights of trans Americans. On this  please know that you are loved and supported. And that I will always fight for you.
👉 
First responders and community volunteers have been working around the clock in the Midwest to save homes and businesses. I stopped by a pancake breakfast at the Hornick, Iowa Volunteer Fire ; Rescue to say thank you. 
Thank you to and for hosting an important conversation about the future of our country.
At the Heartland Forum in Storm Lake, Iowa today with a simple message: I will never leave rural America behind. My ideas? An agenda for rural America that includes housing, health care, broadband, education, strong farm and antitrust policies. 
It was great spending time in Omaha, Nebraska yesterday. What I heard there was what I’m hearing all around the country — voters want someone who can get the job done. 
Our rural communities are the backbone of our economy. I support Farmers Bill of Rights and will continue to stand up for our family farmers.
Fran and Jason’s Iowa house is still under water. The house stood for 100 years but this flooding—2 1/2 miles from the river—was like no other. Parents of twin four-year-olds, they are stoic and strong. This is why we must build better infrastructure ; take on climate change. 
Last night I went all in with on my  budget priority: fixing America’s crumbling infrastructure. 
Amy’s got a plan for America’s infrastructure. And we know she can get the job done. 
No group of people know more about building America’s infrastructure than our union workers.Thank you to LiUNA 1140 for hosting us today! 
Thank you to Farmers Mutual Telephone Company's Kevin Cabbage and Montgomery County Development Corp's Shawnna Silvius for having us.
Yesterday, I announced my infrastructure plan. Today, I’m hitting the road.First stop: Stanton, IA to discuss my plan to expand broadband to every household by 2022. 
If you missed it, I swung by yesterday to talk about infrastructure, health care and how we can win in 2020. 
The people of Flint, Michigan still have to rely on bottled water. All across America, communities face challenges when it comes to access to clean drinking water. We must invest in our water infrastructure now. 
🎶Back in town-ow-own🎶  
That’s why I’m calling for a major investment in our roads, highways and bridges.
When the 35W Bridge collapsed in Minnesota, we came together as a community to rebuild it in just 13 months. But here’s the truth: A bridge shouldn’t fall down in the middle of America — or anywhere in America. 
Let's get it done, 
Extension to allow hardworking Liberians to stay in MN has been granted by White House! We worked hard to get this done.  and ; I joined advocates for the Liberian community last week. We can celebrate today and work for permanent status tomorrow.
Over half of our schools need repairs to be considered in “good” condition. Just look at some of the schools in Baltimore that didn’t have heat in the dead of winter. We need to update the physical and digital infrastructure of our crumbling schools. 
Broadband is the cornerstone of keeping rural America competitive in the 21st century and beyond. I will help close the urban-rural divide and connect every household to the internet by 2022.
The Trump Administration continues to cause chaos in our health care system. Instead of repeal, we should be talking about commonsense steps we can take immediately to bring down costs and expand health care. 
Started my day at to talk about my bold, new infrastructure plan with and 
We haven’t kept pace with the demand for reliable and safe public transportation, particularly for low-income communities. With smart investments, we can bridge the gap. We must invest in public transportation and rail.
What we’ve seen in the Midwest this year should be a wake-up call. We must update our levees, fix our dams and provide additional protections against the serious threat of flooding. 
The President's infrastructure plan leaves the details up to the imagination, my trillion-dollar infrastructure plan is a commonsense, concrete proposal to rebuild America. I won’t just say I’ll get the job done, I will get it done. 
This plan will create millions of good-paying jobs, support our unions, prioritize American-made materials, and protect our environment.
When we started this campaign, I said I would tell the truth. Here’s the truth: Our infrastructure is falling apart and we need bold action to fix it. That’s why I’m announcing a trillion-dollar plan to overhaul and build America’s infrastructure. 
!!!  Five Trump trips to Mar-a-Lago would cover Betsy Devos’s proposed Special Olympics cuts 
The gun lobby now reportedly opposes the Violence Against Women Act because of a provision I authored in the Senate to help protect women from stalkers.Well, I won't apologize for putting safety first. 
Important question As I said at event today, proposed cuts to by Betsy DeVos are an affront to our values. Kids with disabilities can’t write checks ; thus got on the chopping block. But their power comes from the people. I will fight these cuts. 
Your leaders should be accountable to you. We’re running this campaign the old-fashioned way — person-to-person and dollar-by-dollar.
The Constitution says that everybody gets a vote. That is not what's happening right now. Today, and I led the introduction of legislation to expand and protect our democracy. Let’s get it passed! 
Last night I spoke until we closed down the Senate, reading 100 letters from people whose preexisting conditions would get them kicked off insurance w/o ACA. By announcing the repeal they actually became the party of “taking away people’s health care!” 
The letters I read tonight are just a small window into the fears of millions of Americans if the Affordable Care Act is eliminated. This isn't about politics, this is about people. And I will fight on their behalf to the very end.
In 2015, Jen donated a kidney to a stranger. Without the Affordable Care Act’s protections, she would have a pre-existing condition that could cause her to be denied or charged more for coverage.
As an educator, Elizabeth has seen the importance of the mental health coverage guaranteed by the Affordable Care Act. If the Affordable Care Act is eradicated, she worries about her students.
Jeffrey takes medication every 24-hours to stop the advance of his MS. He says that the Affordable Care Act has “allowed me to remain a productive wage earner for me and my family.”
Noel was able to recover from a chronic illness while staying on her parents’ health care plan. She’s worried that she’ll be punished for her pre-existing condition when she gets her own health care plan if the ACA is repealed.
Mike says, “My wife and I are uninsurable without the ACA.”
At 29, Chris was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer. Before the ACA, he wasn’t able to purchase health care insurance. If the ACA is repealed his family worries his life will be shortened.
Debbie is self-employed and runs two businesses. She says, “If the ACA is repealed and there is no marketplace for me to purchase insurance, I will be forced to close my businesses.”
Kathy needed 24-hour infusions for 5½ days during each round of chemotherapy during her battle with cancer. She writes, “Now that the ACA is up in the air, I feel like I’m fighting for my life again!”
Kate calls her son, "the baby that almost didn’t happen" after battling cancer. She wrote, "Because of the ACA, I faced a future of hope."
Because of the Affordable Care Act, Delaney is able to get mammogram screenings to see if she carries the same genetic trait that several of her relatives have.
The Trump Administration supports totally undoing the Affordable Care Act. I’m headed to the Senate floor to read the letters of 100 families from across the country who would suffer if these protections went away. 
Good idea on fixing teacher pay gap from  
Thanks to Action for turning out for the hearing today as well as and and Parkland students.  Thanks for being the voice for the victims of gun violence.  The nation is listening (and voting). 
In Judiciary hearing on gun safety Extreme Risk Orders. In the words of Amanda Wilcox of CA whose college student daughter Laura was killed by someone who shouldn’t have had gun: “One can always give a gun back, I can never get her life back.”
The Affordable  Care Act means that people can’t get kicked off their insurance for pre-existing conditions. With the stroke of a pen, this court filing by the administration would take that away.  I will fight this. 
This is outrageous and shows exactly where this President is coming from. Millions of Americans would lose their health care if this administration had their way: In shift, Trump administration backs judge’s ruling that would kill Obamacare - POLITICO 
At our town hall in Rye, NH I talked about how America needs a leader who can bring people together and have their backs. That's how we can win this election. 
This is what is happening in many places in the midwest. Shutdowns and chaos and secret oil waivers don’t help:  Farm income in Minnesota fell 8 percent last year, worst year since early 1980s. 
How many more children will be hurt by gun violence — directly or indirectly — before we listen to their voices, take action and pass sensible gun safety legislation?We can get this done. We must. 
The entire Mueller report must be made public.  Discussed it today on with  and Klobuchar demands "entire" Mueller report - CBS News 
....and on the hockey front: St. Cloud State, Minnesota Duluth and Minnesota State land No. 1 NCAA hockey seeds. 
AG Barr's summary 4-pg letter of Special Counsel Mueller's investigation underscores that the ENTIRE report ; documentation-including all information re Russia’s attempts to influence our election-need to be made public. The public deserves answers now-our democracy depends on it
Out in front of the Robert F. Kennedy Department of Justice Building.  Justice must be done and the entire Mueller report should be made public. 
The entire Mueller report should be public: US Senator Amy Klobuchar in N.H. says making Mueller report public is ‘number one focus’  via
New Hampshire Seacoast story: U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar strode onstage to fervent applause in the packed Rye Junior High School gymnasium Saturday. The scoreboard was lit with “20 to 20,” a nod to her run for the Democratic 2020 presidential nomination. 
Everywhere I go people are focused on the issues that affect their jobs ; their families. And they’re also focused on making sure our democracy works. Americans deserve a president who will look out for working people AND protect our democracy. We can do two things at once. 
Congrats, President Carter! I’m looking forward to the next time we can have pimento cheese sandwiches together. 
From health care to the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard — we covered it all. Great questions and an even better crowd. Thank you to everyone who attended our town hall today! 
Hello Rye, NH! Excited for our town hall today. 
This isn’t about politics — it’s about our democracy. This report must be released. 
I’ll be on with tonight to talk about the Mueller report. Here’s a preview: AG Barr must release the report to the American people.
BREAKING: The Mueller report is complete. Attorney General Barr must release the full report to the public. The American people deserve to know the facts. 
No corporate PAC money, no donations from federal lobbyists -- our campaign for president relies on grassroots supporters like you. With our FEC deadline approaching, we need to hit our daily donor goals to make sure we can get our message out. Donate today to stand with Amy!
No corporate PAC money, no donations from federal lobbyists -- our campaign for president relies on grassroots supporters like you. With our FEC deadline approaching, we need to hit our daily donor goals to make sure we can get our message out. Donate today to stand with Amy!
Always want to get that Leslie Knope Park and Recs vote! 
Here’s why people voted Democratic in 2018: If it works with his base, he’ll do it, no matter how craven. Who cares if it’s a man who courageously served his country and died 7 months ago...For Trump, attacking McCain is way to appeal to his political base 
We have 4000 health care job openings in MN. Liberians have been here LEGALLY on deferred status for decades. Why would the administration want to leave seniors without care providers? Senior care facilities brace for loss of Liberian immigrant workers. 
This is the kind of pro-democracy action we need: has started initiative to get 1 million Floridians to register to vote! 
If you'd like to help those affected by flooding in the Midwest, here are several ways to pitch in: 
It doesn't take an expert in information security to know that this is just sloppy. My bipartisan legislation would make sure that you get to decide what's done with your data and that these companies are held accountable when they mess up. 
Congrats to the U of M Gophers in the first round of the NCAA!  Gophers, Gabe Kalscheur pull off NCAA tournament surprise, beat Louisville in opener. 
It can still snow while record heat is warming our oceans, devastating fires are burning down towns ; rivers are flooding. I wish the President would hear from retired CA firefighter Jim Klump who I met this week. Let's stop arguing about science ; start working on solutions. 
I don’t come from money, and I don’t have a big political machine. This is a homegrown campaign, and I need your help.Give today:  
I’m not afraid of a little bit of work. 
Another alarming report about the impact of skyrocketing prescription drug costs. I have common sense, bipartisan solutions to lower prices. Let’s get it done. 
This week I joined my friend in Chicago to talk about the need to invest in our infrastructure. 
The President attacked John McCain again today, saying he’s not a fan. John McCain died seven months ago. Enough. 
Congratulations to The Sioux Chef’s Sean Sherman! He just won one of only five James Beard Leadership awards for 2019 for his work to educate and make indigenous foods more accessible to as many communities as possible.
As your president, I’ll work for you. That means not kicking people off of their insurance for preexisting conditions, lowering prescription drug prices and universal coverage. I talked about it on with this weekend. 
I’m about leading from the heart and getting things done. If that takes a fight, I’ll do it. And if that means working with people you don’t always agree with to get it done, I’ll do that too.
I serve on the Commerce Committee and we must have an oversight investigation on what happened. 
Congratulations to Siad Ali of my Minnesota staff for this prestigious Bush fellowship. For over a decade Siad has worked in our office serving the public with such energy and care. He’s also a school board member. So happy for you Siad!  
Congratulations to I know you’ll continue to serve Iowa well. 
This Vietnam vet was brought to tears when hearing the stories of the President going after John McCain this week, as well as the lack of focus on mental health for kids in this country. We  
The flooding throughout IA, NE ; the Midwest is devastating. Thank you to the first responders who are working tirelessly to help these communities. This is why when I spoke about infrastructure in IA this weekend I talked about a major investment that included our rivers ; lakes 
“Voters who say they want an informed and competent President need to look for presidential candidates who exhibit those attributes.” ⁦— 
Today's the day! If you live in Iowa SD30, make sure to get out and vote. 
We’ve seen Republicans try to silence voters across the country. I’m ready to defend our democracy. 
Inspiring story about Emmy and the doctors who saved her life with their extraordinary care. 
On day one of my presidency, we will rejoin the International Climate Agreement. 
What a great weekend! 
Thanks Davenport, Dubuque, Waterloo, Manchester, Independence, Cedar Rapids! Thanks and and our Iowa team for extraordinary organizing this weekend. Our grassroots campaign is starting strong from the moment you walk in the door!  
 in Cedar Rapids have some great quips. I picked out "Bohemian Rapids City" in honor of Cedar Rapids (and maybe S.D. too). 
Wrapped up another Iowa weekend in Davenport! Thanks to for the introduction and to everyone who came out. Good to meet many new friends including a Vietnam vet. 
Great event in Davenport today.  Thanks  Dems! 
Today I was on with and was asked about John McCain, the President’s criticisms of him, and the importance of fighting for a cause larger than yourself. 
The story captures the day! Iowa caucuses 2020: Amy Klobuchar celebrates St. Patrick's Day in Cedar Rapids 
Happy St. Patrick's Day! 🍀 
The decision to release the Mueller report can’t be about politics. It must be about protecting our democracy. The American people deserve the truth.
Today I was on with and was asked about John McCain, the President’s criticisms of him, and the importance of fighting for a cause larger than yourself. 
Cedar Rapids knows how to celebrate St. Patrick’s Day! 
March 17 was my mom’s birthday. Her parents named Rose after “My Wild Irish Rose." Happy birthday, mom! I miss you every day. 🍀🌹 
Great food and music at this Irish Ceili in Cedar Rapids. You never know what you’ll find when you’re on the road! 
What a great name: Independence, Iowa! Thank you to the many people who came out — we talked about everything from lowering prescription drugs costs to strengthening the Farm Bill. 
 It was my pleasure to introduce to my beloved city!  
I'm so grateful to for their work to shorten the moral arc of history and get us closer and closer to justice for all. 
I’ve joined in pressing and the FCC to look into the business practices of Frontier Communications. We cannot allow companies who promise broadband to underinvest and mislead the public. 
I followed the Mississippi River down from our snowy announcement and ended up in Dubuque! Great conversations with Iowans who are looking forward to 2020. 
Yep, this is what happens to Midwestern biofuels when the Administration grants secret waivers to the oil companies!  Pruitt did it and now they are doing it again: U.S. ethanol market sees first sales decline in decades. 
We must pass the  now! 
Waterloo is home of some awesome things like:🍿A store called Popcorn Heaven where they’ve got BBQ bacon popcorn(!)🔥 Fired up Democrats who are ready to elect Mayor Quentin Hart! 
 has the right experience and ideas. If you live in Iowa’s Senate District 30, get out and vote! 
Thanks to National Weather Service, Army Corps, Red Cross, state leaders  ⁦; congressional delegation for briefing today on flooding. Preparation is everything here...Long shot, but Minnesota could face potentially historic floods. 
In this dark moment, we must stand up for our Muslim community. 
Amy’s speech to the Human Rights Campaign today got several standing ovations. To get a sense of how our next President combines emotion, stories, tears and humor, watch it here. This is what leadership looks like: 
  on  "I don't know if you saw the president's reaction this morning. I'm not even going to g…
We must condemn hate without equivocation and stand up for its victims, whether they worship in our Mosques, synagogues or churches 
This is heartbreaking. My prayers are with the people  of New Zealand and the families of those 49 killed and dozens injured at the mosques in Christchurch. People should be able to worship in this world without fear and know they will come home safe.  
Minnesota-made boots that are ACTUALLY made for walking! 
I have a bipartisan bill that would help ensure your right to privacy online. I think it’s clear we need to pass it.
Thinking of Evan and the Bayh family today.Senator Birch Bayh authored two Constitutional amendments, wrote Title IX, and sponsored the Equal Right Amendment in the Senate. His legacy is one we can all aspire to. 
Yesterday I spoke with ; members about how we can  ; stop this gag order. Because medical decisions should be between patients and doctors. Thanks to the MN ; IA members who waited outside so we could enjoy the balmy weather (by midwest standards)! 
The Constitution doesn't have an article about unfulfilled campaign promises. This was a bipartisan rebuke of the President’s unconstitutional power grab.
Right now in most states LGBTQ Americans can be fired or evicted just for who they are. The Equality Act is a vital step to correct these wrongs and Senate Republicans should bring it to a vote. 
As the daughter of a newspaperman, I know the importance of a free press.It’s an honor to receive First Amendment Defender Award. See, I was listening Dad! 
We will not turn a blind eye to the suffering of the Yemeni people. Today's vote sends a strong bipartisan message that continuing to support the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen is inconsistent with our values. 
Don’t forget that the Trump Administration is quietly trying to make 𝐥𝐞𝐠𝐚𝐥 immigration more difficult.
In the words of Sen. Wellstone -- “We all do better when we all do better.” This budget just doesn’t get us there. The President’s budget is irresponsible, it doesn’t reflect our values, and it hurts the American people. (5/5)
And even the President’s OWN budget projects that debt held by the public will hit $22.8 trillion by 2025, more than 50 percent higher than the year President Trump took office.  And that's under a “Pollyanna” economic forecast that also uses every budget gimmick in the book (4/)
The President seems to have forgotten another campaign promise that he wouldn’t cut Medicare, Medicaid or Social Security.His budget cuts all three. (3/)
To fulfill a campaign promise, he’s asked for $8.6 billion for his wall. Didn’t work last year, isn’t going to work this year. (2/)
Families across the country sit around the kitchen table making tough choices about their household budgets. The American people expect their President to do the same. So, let’s talk about the President’s budget proposal... (1/)
Yep, the judge last week got that wrong: this isn’t exactly a “blameless life!”
“Trump wants to cut the Education Department’s budget. It’s all part of Trump’s plan to defeat his greatest enemy: spelling.” — JIMMY FALLON
Budgets are about priorities, and budget is all out of whack. 
Minnesota is grieving the passing of US Olympic track cyclist ; Minneapolis-native Kelly Catlin. My thoughts are with her family during this difficult time. 
News we’ve been waiting for: Amtrak expresses interest in rail line between Twin Cities, Duluth-Superior. 
We can be a nation governed not by chaos, but from opportunity.We're building a movement together and we need you to join us:  
In many parts of America, people are trying to run worldwide companies on dial-up internet. We can level the playing field by expanding broadband to every corner of the country. It’s good for our economy and consumers.
Congrats to our former com director and writer extraordinaire  on her new book  Great launch event tonight! (Check out the book...Stories of newly elected progressive leaders). 
OK this was a fun morning in Greenville South Carolina last month! Thanks for the photo. 
We’ve seen these big tech companies ignore your right to privacy over and over. If they were being taxed when they shared user data, they would think twice about it and the resources could go back to protect you! 
The Senate Republicans must bring HR 1 to a vote. Our democracy demands it. 
These men and women just want to serve their country like any other servicemember. They should be thanked -- not shut out.
Few places in our country see the dangerous effects of climate change more than Florida. Yesterday, I met with local leaders and environmental activists in Tampa to discuss my plans to address this crisis. 
The President has proposed a budget that cuts hundreds of billions of dollars from domestic programs like Medicare and environmental protections. But he still found billions of dollars for his wall.We need a smart budget, not one based on empty campaign promises.
Congrats to Milwaukee on DNC Convention...my mom’s hometown. Good to be the Senator Next Door to Wisconsin and my friend ! Good work Tammy! 
Champions should be paid like champions, regardless of their gender. 
This is a great story about robotics training and creating multiple paths to success in Minnesota. 
People need to feel confident that antitrust enforcement is impartial ; free of political influence. That’s why ; I are pressing the DOJ to respond to allegations that the White House attempted to interfere with the AT;T-Time Warner merger.
Amy’s not taking money from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists. She’s relying on your help to get the message out. Join the team:  
First this Administration wanted to take up to $3.6B from military construction projects. Now it's $1B from military pay and pensions. Enough! It's unacceptable to fund their wall on the backs of our soldiers.
The biggest weekends in Minnesota: the State Fair and  Best hair in the game! Good luck to all the teams at the Xcel today! 
Amy at  on the big tech companies: "I like that they brought in new ideas and new innovations, but I don't like that they've been saying 'trust us' for so long and we did it." 
Foreign powers have been interfering in our elections -- and they’ll keep doing it unless we stop them. That should make everyone wake up and realize that we must invest in cybersecurity  
If politicians have to tell you they paid for TV ads, they should have to do the same online. My bipartisan Honest Ads act would bring transparency and accountability 
Monopolization kills competition and increases costs for consumers. That’s why we need antitrust laws that are as sophisticated as these big tech companies 
If the big social media companies had to pay taxes every time they used your private data to generate profits, maybe they would think twice before using/abusing it 
I’ll be on with journalist and tech expert shortly. You can watch along here: 
A fitting way to honor International Women’s Day.  Thanks Senator Flowers for showing what strength is all about: GOP lawmaker tried to silence a black senator in a gun law debate. She stood her ground — and won. 
I've been leading the charge to create automatic voter registration, implement nationwide same-day registration, and protect our elections from foreign interference. I don't believe these should be partisan priorities — our democracy is for everyone. Let's get it done.
The House did its job, and now it's the Senate's turn.We have the opportunity to come together and pass sweeping voting rights legislation to expand and protect voters' access to the ballot box.
Well deserved and high honor for 1st Lt. Andrew Bundermann of Bovey, MN (pop. 791): Army vet from Minnesota honored with military's second-highest honor. 
It’s time for my colleagues across the aisle to do the right thing for our country: say no to the President’s unconstitutional emergency declaration.
My view on Manafort sentence: Guidelines there for a reason. His crimes took place over years and he led far from a “blameless life.” Crimes committed in an office building should be treated as seriously as crimes committed on a street corner. Can’t have two systems of justice!
Today is the 54th anniversary of the bloody march in Selma. I will never forget how moving it was to commemorate this day with march leader at the Edmund Pettus Bridge in 2013. Let’s follow his example and continue to fight for voting rights for all. 
 and I came into the Senate together and I ended my book with a Sherrod story because there is no one who better exemplifies what we SHOULD be doing in DC than him (and for that matter  Look forward to standing with him to uphold the dignity of work 
New businesses are the engines that drive economic growth, but fewer and fewer startups are launched every year. I’ve joined to create the bipartisan Senate Entrepreneurship Caucus to address the most pressing issues facing entrepreneurs.
A loophole allowed the Charleston church shooter to obtain a gun. Let’s put common sense gun safety rules in place that close loopholes and help keep Americans safe. 
Ending  hurts consumers, small businesses and rural communities. That’s why I’ve joined and to introduce the Save the Internet Act. We must act to 
What happened in North Carolina isn't just about one county — it's about the need to fight election fraud and voter suppression across the country. Great column by Dan McCready  about what's at stake in his special election. 
In two years, hasn’t managed to invite a single women’s championship sports team for a solo event at the White House. Here’s a campaign promise: If I get elected, I won’t just invite them to the White House — I’ll go on the bus! 
Chad Readler’s nomination poses a real threat to Americans’ healthcare. Calling on my Republican colleagues to do the right thing and vote no. 
Thinking of those impacted by the devastating tornado in Alabama. My heart is with the families who lost loved ones, the people who lost homes and businesses, as well as the first responders who are working tirelessly. 
I don’t come from money and I don’t have a political machine. But I do have grit.To win, we'll need your help -- so let's get to work:  
Good to be at today with to help jumpstart the conversation on the need for 21st century antitrust legislation. Monopolization is one of the biggest problems that no one is talking about. Here’s a great video he did explaining the subject! 
We must invest in creating a universal flu vaccine that could protect against all strains of the flu virus and offer longer lasting protection. I’ve joined ; others in introducing The Flu Vaccine Act to support this critical research.
Good discussion at today’s antitrust event with ; When big businesses merge and drive out the competition, prices can go up and consumers often lose. I spoke about this last night with on 
We need to pass Senator comprehensive child care proposal to ensure affordable, high-quality child care for families across the country. I’ve also introduced legislation to address the national shortage of affordable child care, especially in rural areas.
Good to be on with to talk about a positive economic agenda for this country: bringing down the cost of Rx drug prices, moving an infrastructure package forward ; taking on the growing number of mega-mergers that can result in higher prices for consumers. 
Thanks to my team members who braved the cold to door knock for If you’re in this Iowa district, be sure to vote in the upcoming special election on March 19! 
PSA to the White House: We need fewer climate deniers and more solutions.
The Administration’s policy at the border is putting lives in danger. It’s past time for comprehensive immigration reform.
The Administration’s new tax code and self-inflicted shutdown has left families across the country looking for answers at tax time. Americans deserve so much better.
Happy birthday to my friend and colleague !!  🎂 🎁 🍰 (that’s it for my birthday emojis).
Congratulations ; on this historic launch!
Rising sea levels are threatening America’s farms. We must take action immediately to address this devastating situation.
Because they are. 
A cool thing to celebrate this  the record number of women serving in Congress. (Now, let’s get to work to make it 50%!)
We are celebrating Women’s History Month with some incredibly strong women. And we are ready to elect more. 
OK, this photo taken at CPAC of President grabbing flag after embracing falsehoods of Kim Jong Un (; before that Putin ; S.A. Prince) ; after dissing Warmbier family, Justice Department ; former FBI Director Mueller just says it all  
We should be making it easier for everyone to vote, not harder. Glad to see New Hampshire Democrats defending the Granite State’s tradition of voter participation. 
Thanks to Fred and Cindy Warmbier for standing up in memory of their son Otto. The lesson? The President, in turn,  should be standing up to dictators like Kim Jong Un and Putin and the S.A. Prince.  Not flattering them by denying the clear truth of his own intelligence forces. 
Good to see Minnesota-based committing to a sustainable future!
It’s telling to see whose word the President trusts: Putin and Kim Jong Un. Who does he doubt? His own intelligence officials
Time to make history for  and celebrate four women senators running for President. Thanks to my friends  and Just think...it wasn’t that long ago that we didn’t even have four women in the Senate!
We should be supporting our transgender troops. Anyone brave enough to serve our country deserves our full respect.
I voted against Mr. Wheeler’s nomination to lead the We should not have someone who has worked to undo vital health protections as the person tasked with protecting our environment. 
New study names Amy most effective Dem Senator“[Sen. Klobuchar] is the only minority-party senator to break the overall top five since 2002, and is only the second minority-party senator to do so since Sen. John McCain did it in 1994.”
Exactly one year ago I sat across from the President during a meeting on gun safety at the White House where he said he supported expanded background checks nine times. Nothing has been done. Mr. President — the American people deserve a leader who can deliver. 
Apprenticeships provide critical real-world skills — all while paying students. Glad to see more industries adopting this pathway to success.
A lot can happen when you work to find common ground and prioritize solutions. Thank you so much to my staff who work so hard for the people of our state and country.
Today I met with some of the inspiring students from March for Our Lives to discuss how we can make it easier for people to vote. That includes passing my bills to automatically register every eligible person when they turn 18 ; give everyone the option of same day registration.
Asked Secretary Perdue today about problems with the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW) reservation system. He said it would be fixed by March 4th.
Questioned Secretary Perdue at the Ag Committee today about the vaccine bank (one of my Farm Bill provisions), dairy, E-15 and conservation.
Elijah Cummings says it best at the Cohen hearing: “As a country we are so much better than this.” 
This is a big moment. Now it's time for the Senate to take action on this bipartisan legislation to expand background checks.
A privilege to speak to the rare disease caucus today.... 
On Senate floor with where I just spoke about 1986 climate change letter signed by former Minnesota Republican Senator David Durenberger.  Back then climate was a bipartisan issue.  As the senators noted then, we must act soon.  Well that was 32 years ago. 
The Moscow Trump tower issue is real: Mr. Cohen acknowledged that he lied under oath to Congress about a Trump Tower project in Moscow, saying he was trying to protect Mr. Trump. “I am not protecting Mr. Trump anymore,” he said.  
This is even a bigger deal:  Cohen has alleged that Trump knew in advance that the anti-secrecy organization WikiLeaks planned to publish hacked Democratic National Committee emails. 
This is a big deal: Michael Cohen says President Trump was involved in a hush money scheme. He brought checks to Congress to prove it.… 
At the Commerce Hearing on privacy and pushing the witnesses on the privacy bill I have with Senator Kennedy.  You got this right Amie! 
If a foreign government is backing a Facebook page, we should be able to know that. We also need to pass my Honest Ads Act to get disclaimers and disclosures on on-line paid political ads across all major platforms. 
We need to invest in our infrastructure again. It would bring good paying jobs, help us get goods to market, and make sure we're not sitting in traffic jams! 
This national emergency order is unconstitutional. 
Make no mistake: foreign adversaries will once again seek to interfere in the 2020 election. We must do everything we can to secure our elections before 2020. 
This is wrong and has been rightly condemned. To quote the American Jewish Committee, "[The views of Otzma Yehudit] do not reflect the core values that are the very foundation of the State of Israel."
Insulin has tripled in price since 2002, and it’s making diabetics sick with worry — and just plain sick.Pharmaceutical companies must be held accountable.
The science on climate change is clear. What’s unclear is why the President is considering wasting taxpayer money to try and prove otherwise.
Thanks Sarah for your good work and for sharing what is happening in Georgia. Our democracy is run by us and if people can’t vote it isn’t our democracy! 
Congrats to U of M Gophers Women’s Hockey team! Regular season champs!   
And in New Hampshire, I talked with the about how we can win in 2020! If you're ready to join this team, sign up now:  
In South Carolina, we had a whole house full of people ready to get to work to move this country forward. This is what a homegrown campaign looks like (I promise I’m in that picture)! 
In Georgia, I sat down with leaders working to stop discriminatory voter suppression. We cannot allow the voices and votes of Americans to be stolen from them. And it was good to see and Jimmy Carter! 
In Iowa, I talked with people about about bridging the rural/urban divide at the sold out Ankeny Area Dems Winter Banquet. Because in the words of Paul Wellstone, “We all do better when we all do better.” 
Over the last four days, we’ve been to Iowa, Georgia, South Carolina, and New Hampshire — and it has been an incredible journey.
Yes Lady Gaga! Great speech
Another packed house party — this time in Concord, NH! Thank you to everyone who braved the winter weather to come be a part of this campaign. 
Rain or snow, we’re on the go. Great house party in New Hampshire today. 
Banks are making billions, while workers are losing out. It’s time for a tax policy that puts middle class families first. 
Long overdue recognition for trailblazer and inspiration, Katherine Johnson. Thank you for your tremendous contributions to science and our country.
When I say we're building a homegrown campaign, I mean it. Thank you to the hundreds of people who came out in Columbia, SC for our house party! 
I’ve asked the Dept. of Education to immediately address the backlog of federal student loan forgiveness requests from borrowers who have been cheated or defrauded. Students should never have to worry about these scams as they look to improve their lives ; careers.
This move would devastate critical health care providers — we must stand up and speak out. 
A must read. This should not be happening in the United States of America.
Great morning with the Greenville County Democratic Party! Thank you for the big and warm welcome to South Carolina. 
Wonderful lunch with Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter today at their home in Plains. Tomato soup and pimento cheese sandwiches! Got some good advice and helpful to hear about their grassroots presidential campaign (when no one thought they could win but they did)! 
The time for studying is over.  The time for action is here. The science is clear — our world is warming. Instead of addressing it, the President has added a climate change skeptic to his panel to examine the impact warming is having on our planet. 
Good to be keynoting the first sold out event.  Had a great time and so impressed by the work you did in 2018 electing with more to come! Thanks and the rest of the team. Thanks !!! 
This is extremely concerning. Our adversaries tried to sow division in 2016 and undermine our democracy and it’s happening again. No matter which campaign is being targeted, we should all be on the side of working to prevent these hits from happening. 
During his nomination hearing, I asked Attorney General Barr to commit to releasing the Mueller findings. He did not. Now is the time to do the right thing. 
More proof that Sackler and Purdue Pharmaceutical made deliberate decision to hook people on OxyContin just to profit off their addiction.  Now they should pay for their treatment.  
As a former county attorney, I have seen the devastation caused by opioid abuse. My new bipartisan legislation with Senator Portman would require states to use prescription drug monitoring programs before prescribing powerful Rx drugs.
There’s no question about it — the federal minimum wage must be increased to $15 an hour.
Prescription drug prices are out of control. We need to stand up to the pharmaceutical companies and bring costs down. 
Now more than ever it’s critical for Attorney General Barr to commit to releasing these findings to the public. 
Yep!
We know that immigrants do not diminish America. Immigrants are America. That's why we must pass comprehensive immigration reform. 
Thank you for sharing your story, Jodi. Together, I believe we can take on this crisis. 
No parent should have to worry about their child going to school and coming home safe. Americans need sensible gun safety legislation that works. 
Beautiful story about Mary Ann Feldman, who loved music and our orchestra and was so much fun. She was a friend of my dad’s and they got to see each other during the last few years.  via
Yesterday at the Town Hall in New Hampshire I talked about how the President repeatedly undermines the work of the Justice Department and our laws. Here’s the proof: Trump Has Publicly Attacked the Russia Investigation More Than 1,100 Times    
Thank you to Minnesota Attorney General and AG counterparts in 15 other states who are leading this effort. 
The American workforce is changing ; there isn’t just one path to success. There are good jobs that need to be filled — we just need to create and expand apprenticeship and skills training programs to get people the right training. 
We need more participation in our democracy, not less. That’s why I want to pass a bill to automatically register every eligible person to vote when they turn 18. 
I got asked about national emergency declaration at last night’s town hall. It was probably my shortest answer of the night. 
WATCH: Amy talks about “that opportunity that is America.” 
If you liked what you heard at the  sign up for updates from Amy. This campaign is a homegrown one — no political machine, no corporate PACs, and no federal lobbyists. To win, we'll need your help, so let's get to work:  
“We should join the majority of Americans… and come together to pass common sense gun safety legislation.” — Sen. Amy Klobuchar 
“I believe that we must stand tall as a beacon of democracy. And we must stand with our allies.” — Sen. Amy Klobuchar 
“How do you pay for [addiction recovery programs]? Well, I’ve got a good start. And that is, why don’t we pay for it by getting money from the very drug companies that got people addicted in the first place.” — Sen. Amy Klobuchar 
“On my first day as President, I will sign us back into the International Climate Agreement.” — Sen. Amy Klobuchar 
“We have to govern from opportunity, not the chaos we’re seeing right now.” — Sen. Amy Klobuchar 
Stopped by The Village Trestle in Goffstown, NH for a little pre  get-together.Well, maybe not so "little." 
I don’t have a political machine. I don’t come from money. But what I do have is this: I have grit. Join us today:  
I’ve been saying for a long time that we need digital rules of the road. This report just proves why we need to move quickly in the United States to protect everyone’s privacy.
Stopped for supper at the Monroe County Democrats Annual Spaghetti Dinner — cooked by my good friend 
In the Fargo Forum today by Jack Zaleski, former editorial page editor for the paper.  I'm ready to get to work for all Americans.
Loved visiting with the Marion County Democrats today. We got to talk about what to do about rising drug prices, overturning Citizens United, farm issues, and more.Lots of delicious soup too! 
It looks like Abigail, John, and the snowwoman (me) brought the snow to Iowa! 
Universal background checks. Sensible gun safety legislation. It’s time, America: Police say Aurora attacker used gun he shouldn’t have owned 
Thank you to State Senator Amanda Ragan, JoAnn Hardy, and the Cerro Gordo Dems for the warm welcome. Thank you to Julie Bergo and her family for hosting us at Lorado’s. And thank you to everyone who waited for us in the overflow room! 
Made it south for the winter. Well, a little south to Mason City, Iowa! 
Thank you so much for your neighborly kindness, Wisconsin! I’m so grateful to the people of Eau Claire for coming out today. 
Thanks to everyone for turning out big time in Eau Claire!  My mom grew up in Wisconsin (still home to my Aunt Jane and Uncle Dick) and yes, we have a cheese making heritage in Monroe and beyond. To quote the Wisconsin motto “FORWARD!” 
Almost there and ready for Eau Claire!  (It rhymes). 
Governing from chaos once again (and this time at the expense of the Constitution, the Congress, the will of the people and...oh yes...our nation’s security needs): In Wielding Emergency Powers, Trump Paves a Dangerous Path Forward    
We are all thinking of those who lost loved ones in Aurora, Illinois today.  We remember that the victims went to work today just to do their jobs...as did the officers who put themselves right in the line of fire to save others.
States should not be able to purge “inactive voters” from the voting rolls, an act that disproportionately hurts minority or low-income voters. My SAVE VOTERS Act with protects voting rights by ensuring that states cannot purge eligible voters. Let’s pass it.
Both sides of my family arrived in America with nothing but a suitcase, looking for a better life for their families. Their story isn’t so different from people working towards opportunity today.It’s past time for comprehensive immigration reform. 
Not getting what you want to fulfill a campaign promise/chant is not a national emergency.  Taking money from real needs and emergencies is what will create an actual emergency. 
Our government must be prepared to fight the threats of tomorrow, especially cyberwarfare.  That’s why I’ve introduced new bipartisan legislation with Sen. Thune aimed at bringing more cybersecurity expertise to the federal workforce.
I put the digital revolution front-and-center in my announcement speech. From privacy to cybersecurity, this is a pressing public policy question that needs strong leadership.
We’ve come a long way. Happy Valentine’s Day, John! 
We’re tired of being governed by chaos. The Congress has spoken on a bipartisan basis.  Not getting what you want to fulfill a campaign promise/chant is not a national emergency.
We must follow their example and get to work. There is a consensus in this country that we need commonsense gun safety legislation. I’m ready to work across the aisle to get it done.
On the anniversary of the Parkland shooting which claimed 17 lives, students everywhere are refusing to stay silent. Since that day, 1,200 kids have died from gun related violence. Students have written an obituary for every single one of them. 
My statement on AG nominee William Barr: 
Today we honor Rep. John Dingell ; fitting that it’s on Valentine’s Day—he loved Debbie so very much ; also, of course, his country. As we say goodbye, I’m reflecting on his legacy of fighting for what’s right with a big smile ; a twinkle in his eye. He got a lot done that way.
I promise you this: As your President, I will look you in the eye. I will tell you what I think. I will focus on getting things done. That’s what I’ve done my whole life.Join our team today:  
You can join in at 
Thanks to you, Team Amy has donors from these states:ALAKAZARCACOCTDEFLGAHIIDILINIAKSKYLAMEMDMAMIMNMSMOMTNENVNHNJNMNYNCNDOHOKORPARISCSDTNTXUTVTVAWAWVWIWY(That's all 50 plus D.C. and Puerto Rico)!
Middle class families are seeing their tax refunds shrink, while big corporations and the very wealthy are still enjoying a huge tax cut. This was just one of the many tricks of the Republican tax bill and why I didn’t vote for it. 
Thank you for having me on And thank you for keeping your studio a little warmer than Boom Island. 
Your leaders should be accountable to you.We’re running this campaign the old-fashioned way, person-to-person and dollar-by-dollar.  
The Big Pharma companies think they own Washington.Well, they don’t own me. 
Yesterday, thousands of people came out in the snow and cold because they believed we can be a nation governed by opportunity. We're building a movement together, and we need you to join us:  
Thanks Preet...If only you’d seen the thousands of people and four big campfires and cocoa and cider and people arriving by sled and skis...we have a great team...More to come. 
I'm running for every parent, senior, worker, farmer, dreamer, and builder. I'm running for every American. 
Sat down with this morning to talk about my snowy announcement and what this homegrown campaign is all about. 
Watch this excerpt from Amy's epic speech.The cold didn't stop us. The snow didn't stop us. This is how we win. And follow this link to watch the whole speech:  
Science is on my side, Looking forward to debating you about climate change (and many other issues). And I wonder how your hair would fare in a blizzard? ☃️ Everyone else can join my team and contribute at  
Amy Klobuchar isn't taking money from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists, she's relying on grassroots power to fuel her Presidential campaign. Set up a recurring donation today! 
Amy Klobuchar brings people together to get things done. Make a donation today to join Team Amy and support our campaign for President. 
It's official: Amy Klobuchar is running for President! Become a Founding Member of our people-powered campaign. Donate to Amy today. 
Amy Klobuchar is running a homegrown campaign. Amy's not taking donations from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists -- so she’s counting on your support. Donate $5 today! 
Amy Klobuchar isn't taking money from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists, she's relying on grassroots power to fuel her Presidential campaign. Set up a recurring donation today! 
Amy Klobuchar brings people together to get things done. Make a donation today to join Team Amy and support our campaign for President. 
It's official: Amy Klobuchar is running for President! Become a Founding Member of our people-powered campaign. Donate to Amy today. 
Amy Klobuchar is running a homegrown campaign. Amy's not taking donations from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists -- so she’s counting on your support. Donate $5 today! 
Amy Klobuchar isn't taking money from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists, she's relying on grassroots power to fuel her Presidential campaign. Set up a recurring donation today! 
Amy Klobuchar brings people together to get things done. Make a donation today to join Team Amy and support our campaign for President. 
It's official: Amy Klobuchar is running for President! Become a Founding Member of our people-powered campaign. Donate to Amy today. 
Amy Klobuchar is running a homegrown campaign. Amy's not taking donations from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists -- so she’s counting on your support. Donate $5 today! 
Amy Klobuchar isn't taking money from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists, she's relying on grassroots power to fuel her Presidential campaign. Set up a recurring donation today! 
Amy Klobuchar brings people together to get things done. Make a donation today to join Team Amy and support our campaign for President. 
It's official: Amy Klobuchar is running for President! Become a Founding Member of our people-powered campaign. Donate to Amy today. 
Amy Klobuchar is running a homegrown campaign. Amy's not taking donations from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists -- so she’s counting on your support. Donate $5 today! 
Amy Klobuchar is fighting for not just common ground, but higher ground. Add your name to join Team Amy! 
Amy Klobuchar is fighting to lower prescription drug prices, combat climate change and protect voting rights. Join her campaign today! 
I’m running for President because Americans need lower prescription drug prices and a government that’s working for them, not for pharmaceutical companies. If you agree, join my campaign today: 
Amy Klobuchar's campaign is powered by you, not by special interests. Join her fight today: 
It's official! Amy Klobuchar is running for President. Amy's running to represent every American. This campaign is powered by people like you. Will you join our team today? 
I'm running for President because no American should be left behind. My campaign is powered by you. Will you join us today? 
Amy Klobuchar is running for President to bring people together and get things done. Join her campaign today and help ensure that no American is left behind. 
Amy Klobuchar is fighting for not just common ground, but higher ground. Add your name to join Team Amy! 
Amy Klobuchar is fighting to lower prescription drug prices, combat climate change and protect voting rights. Join her campaign today! 
I’m running for President because Americans need lower prescription drug prices and a government that’s working for them, not for pharmaceutical companies. If you agree, join my campaign today: 
Amy Klobuchar's campaign is powered by you, not by special interests. Join her fight today: 
It's official! Amy Klobuchar is running for President. Amy's running to represent every American. This campaign is powered by people like you. Will you join our team today? 
I'm running for president because no American should be left behind. My campaign is powered by you. Will you join us today? 
Amy Klobuchar is running for president to bring people together and get things done. Join her campaign today and help ensure that no American is left behind. 
Amy Klobuchar is fighting for not just common ground, but higher ground. Add your name to join Team Amy! 
Amy Klobuchar is fighting to lower prescription drug prices, combat climate change and protect voting rights. Join her campaign today! 
I’m running for president because Americans need lower prescription drug prices and a government that’s working for them, not for pharmaceutical companies. If you agree, join my campaign today: 
Amy Klobuchar's campaign is powered by you, not by special interests. Join her fight today: 
It's official! Amy Klobuchar is running for president. Amy's running to represent every American. This campaign is powered by people like you. Will you join our team today? 
I'm running for president because no American should be left behind. My campaign is powered by you. Will you join us today? 
Amy Klobuchar is running for president to bring people together and get things done. Join her campaign today and help ensure that no American is left behind. 
Amy Klobuchar is fighting for not just common ground, but higher ground. Add your name to join Team Amy! 
Amy Klobuchar is fighting to lower prescription drug prices, combat climate change and protect voting rights. Join her campaign today! 
Let’s join together, as one nation, indivisible, under God, and pursue the good. 
I’m running for president because Americans need lower prescription drug prices and a government that’s working for them, not for pharmaceutical companies. If you agree, join my campaign today: 
Amy Klobuchar's campaign is powered by you, not by special interests. Join her fight today: 
It's official! Amy Klobuchar is running for president. Amy's running to represent every American. This campaign is powered by people like you. Will you join our team today? 
I'm running for president because no American should be left behind. My campaign is powered by you. Will you join us today? 
Amy Klobuchar is running for president to bring people together and get things done. Join her campaign today and help ensure that no American is left behind. 
Amy Klobuchar is fighting for not just common ground, but higher ground. Add your name to join Team Amy! 
I’m asking you to join us on this campaign. It’s a homegrown one.I don’t have a political machine. I don’t come from money. But what I do have is this: I have grit. Join us:  
Amy Klobuchar is fighting to lower prescription drug prices, combat climate change and protect voting rights. Join her campaign today! 
I’m running for president because Americans need lower prescription drug prices and a government that’s working for them, not for pharmaceutical companies. If you agree, join my campaign today: 
Amy Klobuchar's campaign is powered by you, not by special interests. Join her fight today: 
Stop the fear-mongering and stop the hate. We may come from different places. We may pray in different ways. We may look different. And love different. But we all live in the same country of shared dreams. 
It's official! Amy Klobuchar is running for president. Amy's running to represent every American. This campaign is powered by people like you. Will you join our team today? 
I'm running for president because no American should be left behind. My campaign is powered by you. Will you join us today? 
Amy Klobuchar is running for president to bring people together and get things done. Join her campaign today and help ensure that no American is left behind. 
There are insidious forces every day that are trying to make it harder for people to vote, trying to drown out our voices with big money.It’s time to organize. Time to galvanize. Time to take back our democracy. It’s time, America! 
I stand before you as the granddaughter of an iron ore miner, the daughter of a teacher and a newspaperman, the first woman elected to the United States Senate from the State of Minnesota, to announce my candidacy for President of the United States. 
We are all tired of the shutdowns and the showdowns, the gridlock and the grandstanding. Today we say enough is enough. 
Amy Klobuchar is running for president to bring people together and get things done. Join her campaign today and help ensure that no American is left behind. 
I'm running for President because no American should be left behind. My campaign is powered by you. Will you join us today? 
Amy Klobuchar's campaign is powered by you, not by special interests. Join her fight today: 
Amy Klobuchar is fighting to lower prescription drug prices, combat climate change and protect voting rights. Join her campaign today! 
Amy Klobuchar is fighting for not just common ground, but higher ground. Add your name to join Team Amy! 
Thank you and for being here today and for your kind words. I'm excited about the work we've done together and where we go from here. 
I’ve been friends with for many years and now we’re colleagues in the Senate. Thank you, Tina, for being here today and for always having my back. 
Honored to have mayors and Jonathan Judd speaking here today about what we need to do as a country to move forward. 
Let’s hear it for the Fire ; Ice Drumline! 
I can’t thank you enough for coming! And thank you to and too! 
Grammy award-winning Sounds of Blackness opens up the day with an incredible performance of the National Anthem. THANK YOU! 
It’s time! Tune in here: 
A little cold can't stop America's heartland! So don't forget to grab your hat and mittens on the way out of the house! We'll have the hot chocolate ready. 
Here with John and Abigail (who flew in from NYC!). We’re ready to kick things off at Boom Island today. Livestream and event details are here:  
Good time last night with our great team at Boom Island Brewery.  Good jazz and I’m glad we got out of the cold for a few hours to visit this local homegrown neighborhood brewery! 
Already up and working on last minute speech prep. I hope I'll see you all at Boom Island today. (If you can’t make it to the festivities, watch our online stream:  
