 Full front yard here in Johnston as launches the afternoon GOTC canvass  
We need to expand—not cut or “enhance”—Social Security so our seniors can retire in dignity, not poverty. 
  meeting with caucus goers at his Des Moines office   
Today, 50,000 veterans are homeless. As a nation, we cannot allow such an outcome for those who risked everything to keep us safe.
 Why caucus for How about a plan for Comprehensive  Reform   
Two days.   
 Why caucus for How about     
Gracias for always fighting for New Americans and inclusion. Wishing you a speedy recovery. ¡Que te mejores! 
In MD, we protected ; cared for child refugees. Others were far less fortunate. We must keep all kids safe. - O'M 
This is a big step in our fight to close the pay gap -- one of my top goals for rebuilding the American dream. (2/2)
Thank you, for requiring companies to be transparent about pay.  (1/2)
Glad to see Puerto Rico got a mention in the  As President I'll make sure our fellow citizens in the island are treated equally.
 it works better if you ask with a smile.   
 Iowa.
 Why caucus for How about a 100% Clean Electric Grid:     
Great news out of Illinois.  
  Torrent Brewing Company at capacity ;  goers lined up outside to meet  
 Grinnell fired up to  for  
 at your caucus, Iowa.
Florida, stop with the self-deportation tactics.  is wrong.  We do not deny education to children in the United States. 
EJ's question: How will you ensure every child has the chance to receive a high-quality early education?
 VIDEO: Why caucus for How about a 100% Clean Electric Grid!   
  is all smiles to drop off the last round of  commit cards for   
 ; represent hate mongering at its worst. Outrageous to visit Marshalltown ; promise to rip families apart.
I changed my picture to  Join with me: 
As president I will take the next step and fight to end solitary confinement for all young people.  (2/2)
Big, important step by to limit solitary confinement. (1/2)
My message to O'Malley supporters across the state: Hold strong. America is looking for a new leader. 
 Like what had to say at CNN's   today:   
Join those holding strong in our corner:  
Join our campaign now: 
Every American should have the opportunity to serve their country through national service. 
America can, and needs to, run on a 100% renewable energy powered electric grid by 2050.  
We paid for community health instead of volume of care ; saved $116M in a year. on MD healthcare leadership: 
Tune in now to the CNN  to watch Governor O’Malley! You can also stream it here: 
Iowa waltz!  
 "Republicans aren't our enemies. They're our friends, our colleagues, our uncles."  
  is speaking at Great Hall today, marking his second appearance at   
My experience is that of an executive. A mayor and a governor. 
 A packed house is gathering at for   
"Young Iowans must stand up and choose the new leadership we want for our generation." Read a memo from IA students: 
 VIDEO: From city to city and town to town, has campaigned the Iowa way  
 We call "the closer" as he signs up another supporter at Story Dems Soup supper  
 NOTICIA DE ÚLTIMA HORA: Periódico 'El Latino' de Iowa endorsa a para Presidente de EE.UU. 
 JOIN the team and  today!    
  taking questions at in Coralville, IA   
  talking about expanding  
 "Iowans lifted up the voice of a new gen...we have work to do to build on Obama progress"   
O’Malley’s Family Planning Works Act gave 35k low-income women access to free pregnancy counseling, contraception, cancer ; STI screenings.
 VIDEO: Why caucus for New leadership to  ; stand up to the 
I always stood up for women's health ; a woman's right to choose as Gov, I will never stop fighting for those rights as President. 
Why I'm  switching my vote from Sanders to O'Malley 
Today, big-money special interests have taken over our elections—it's time we act.  
 At antipoverty forum in Nashua, offers his vision to restore the American Dream for the middle class. h…
  addressing important Politics, Poverty and Presidency Forum in Nashua  
I  who are standing up for safe schools. We should invest in education, not send students to schools w/known health risks
 I've been practicing “Bandera de Manos." Wish I could be there with you, ; Los Jornaleros Del Norte. 
"We do not return refugee kids who find themselves on our doorstep back into war-torn places." 
 Our thoughts ; prayers are with campaign staff, volunteers, ; the Joplin family tonight after a terrible…
Within 35 yrs, our country can ; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs. 
 Praying for a speedy and healthy recovery for the volunteers and staff involved in today’s accident.
 Why will  voters vote 4 B/c for the 1st time a candidate has gone all out for  equality since …
In 2010, O’Malley extended health care and other benefits to same-sex couples.
 Just 30 more characters please? 
Sign Gov. O’Malley’s Birthday card. Wish him a Happy 53!  
Now more than ever we need to hold true to the life and spirit of Dr. King. There is no place in our country for quiet injustice. 
Thanks to my friend and Public Official of the Year for supporting me in last nights SC 
My two youngest, William and Jack, always make me LOL. -O'M 
Will you help wish Governor O’Malley a Happy 53rd Birthday? Sign his card: 
 After last night's  marches in South Carolina in memory of Martin Luther King, Jr. 
Our shared beliefs will bring us to the new era of American progress. Now is the time to join the campaign: 
  slams "fascist appeals" that try to "vilify American Muslims."  
 Why thinks the greatest new business opportunity in years is climate change:  
Watch Governor O'Malley fundraise on Wall Street. 
We cannot keep talking past each other. We are one. We must help each other if we want to succeed. 
We paid for community health instead of volume of care ; saved $116M in a year. on MD healthcare leadership: 
I have been consistent on our need to pass comprehensive gun safety legislation.  
1. Increase wages for all Americans2. 100% clean electric grid3. New agenda for American cities
Tune in now!  
Only 1 hour left till the start of the last Democratic debate before the Iowa Caucuses. Let us know you’re watching: 
 As the team gets ready for tonight's  RSVP a Debate Watch Party:   
Throughout our history, infrastructure development has underpinned every wave of economic growth—and transit should come next.
Let us know that you will be watching the debate tonight:  
Thank you South Carolina. Let’s join together and build on the successes of the past 8 years.  
As the Democratic Party, we must overturn Citizens United, and work state by state to make the Right to Vote a Constitutional Amendment.
I have a message for the  one American life is worth more than all the gun sales in America. 
The answer to cancer isn’t more cancer.The answer to poverty isn’t more poverty.And the answer to gun deaths is NOT more guns. 
Now it’s up to us. If we don’t build on legacy, we will surely backslide into something we don’t even want to imagine. 
I’m here to challenge you to do what you’ve done before: to point the way forward for our country by lifting up new leadership. 
We are moving to a more connected, more compassionate, and more generous place. 
No family should pay more than 10% of their income on safe, affordable childcare in a given year. 
Great news on the release of Jason Rezaian and others. Memo to Republican candidates: diplomacy beats carpet bombing.
The best federal programs give mayors the flexibility they need to invest in the communities that need help the most 
As President, I will fight to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, however and wherever we can.
 We just posted photos from the campaign event at  
We can make a quality education available to every child in America by investing in universal pre-K. 
 leads an interactive exercise on personal earnings over time with audience members. 
Me uno a todos luchando para que las acciones ejecutivas de inmigración sigan en marcha .  debe darle una audiencia a  y 
I stand with all those fighting to  today.  should give  ;  their day in court.
Great news: is halting coal leases on federal lands. This is a critical step to get to  
  supports our efforts for tuition equity in Iowa    
Reckless decisions exposed children in Flint—many poor and black—to poison. Elected officials did nothing. It's time for justice. (2/2)
As a father, the Flint water crisis breaks my heart—and as a mayor ; gov, it makes me spitting mad. This should not happen in America. (1/2)
I will fight to finally enact the Paycheck Fairness Act, holding employers who discriminate in pay accountable. 
 was ultimate  If you think we can do better, need new leadership to build on progress visit: 
As President, I will lobby for, pass, and implement the Schedules That Work Act to give workers more control over their schedules.
Read the 11 rights in my American Worker's Bill Of Rights for the 21st Century: 
Read why I am proposing a 21st Century Workers' Bill of Rights on 
Estoy de acuerdo con Debemos desafiar a Wall St. y permitir a Puerto Rico renegociar su deuda.  
I agree w/ We must stand up to Wall Street and allow Puerto Rico to renegotiate its debt.  
 Who challenged the NRA and passed tough gun legislation?     
We paid for community health instead of volume of care ; saved $116M in a year. on MD healthcare leadership: 
In 2012, O’Malley signed marriage equality into law—and Maryland became the first to defend this by popular vote.
No POTUS in modern times inherited bigger challenges than Blessed for his leadership, thankful for his service. Let's build on it.
Yes, let's make it easier to vote. Let's make the right to vote a constitutional right for every American. 
 indeed does not represent a great world religion—we can't give in to fear ; allow divisive voices to scapegoat American Muslims 
 made our energy cleaner and safer. I'm calling for  to finish the job.  
 is right: we shouldn't weaken Social Security, we must expand it. 
We must give *every* student the option of debt-free college. I've set a goal of doing it in the next 5 years. 
FACT: Thanks to leadership, we have seen 70 straights months of positive job growth. We are stronger today b/c of him. 
 Pre-SOTU phone bank at Manch HQ. Talking w/ voters about how will build off of progress 
We need to double our Peace Corps so more Americans can serve as ambassadors around the world.  
Join our campaign now! 
  to  It’s easy to become discouraged... But we will come through this divided time.
 READ plan for  within five years:    
Tune in now to see the Governor on stage at the Brown ; Black Presidential Forum!  
Make sure to tune in tonight! 
I expanded collective bargaining rights for public employee unions as Gov. and I will protect ; strengthen them as President. 
Crucial  sides w/ teachers and middle class families in  who want to  not right-wing billionaires.
Happening now: Gov. O’Malley addressing 
After two failed attempts, Governor O’Malley forged a new consensus and abolished the death penalty in Maryland.
 Hey the enduring symbol of our nation is not the barbed wire fence, it is the Statue of Liberty - O'M 
  condenó redadas y deportaciones de inmigrantes en Iowa  
 Hey I loved your  videos – here are some answers! - O'M  
 Gov with grassroots leaders on the stage.  
  @   Pres. forum:  "I'm the only candidate in the race w/ a plan to invest in our cities" 
 JOIN the team and  today:   
LIVE on  
Great start to the O’Malley Unplugged: The New Leadership Tour the other night in Des Moines, IA. 
This isn’t the Apprentice. Media execs shouldn’t be able to fire ppl from the debate stage. The voters should get to make an informed choice
This election is not up to NBC executives. It's up to the voters. We must not let NBC dictate which candidates voters get to hear from.
LIVE on  O'Malley Unplugged - Davenport, IA  
Let’s make background checks universal and close dangerous loopholes. Read my full plan:  
 8am = 8 caucus cards from   activists. This is how we win  
I applaud - it's time to  Read how I would build on the progress he plans to make 
 ¿Sabes quién es y por qué se lanzó a la presidencia? Conócelo en 10 preguntas 
Join me in supporting the   
 Great to have the stop by headquarters  
 "New leadership and getting things done."  
There is nothing so divided about our nation's politics that new leadership and our love for one another cannot heal.
Our country needs new solutions and bold ideas—read my 15 goals to Rebuild the American Dream. 
We must win this election. And we must fight like the future of our country depends on us. Join our campaign now: 
Well when you launch your registry of Americans who oppose your fascist ideas, you can STA WITH ME! 
Our diversity is our strength. We are a nation of nations. America is made stronger in every generation by the arrival of New Americans.
Now it’s up to us. We must build on President Obama's legacy or we will surely backslide into a very bad detour. 
Talk to young Americans and you will see that we are moving to a more connected, more compassionate, and more generous place.
Watch the Governor address the Nevada Battleground Dinner 
Getting ready for the Nevada First in the West Caucus Dinner.  
Outrageous. An example of why I oppose  Trade deals shouldn't value corporate profits over national interests. 
Solving the problems at the VA ; providing the world-class care our veterans deserve will require good governance and innovative leadership.
What has this country come to when you can get pulled over for a broken taillight, but if you wreck the nation’s economy you’re untouchable?
 Happening now live streaming into the New Hampshire Primary Student Convention  
 attacks on are disgraceful—his fear ; division will make us weaker. gun safety reforms will make us stronger.
Iowa Organizers Cath and Kiera love when people commit to caucus. Do it now:   
 is right to act—every day we spend debating gun control is a day that we lose lives. One life is worth more than all gun sales. -O'M
It’s not acceptable that firearms kill more than 32,000 Americans each year.  
My plan to end Too Big To Fail: 1. A modern Glass-Steagall. 2. Capital requirements for big banks. 3. Living wills: 
7. Strengthen enforcement and audits of licensed dealers. 
6. Require the responsible storage of guns at home. 
5. Alert law enforcement of failed gun sales. 
4. Ban “cop-killer” ammunition. 
3. Disarm and prosecute domestic abusers who break the law. 
2. Stop defending—and work to overturn—gun dealer immunity. 
1. Use procurement contracts to advance gun safety. 
Given GOP refusal to act, is right to take exec action on gun safety—here are 7 actions I'd take as President 
We have a moral obligation to act immediately and aggressively to stop climate change.
 Miss Sunday's 'This Week in Iowa' with Stream it online here:  
 I'm just here making some calls with my favorite presidential candidate   
We should restore cuts to key nutrition programs like SNAP that put food on the table for our children, seniors and veterans.
Watch Gov. O'Malley try to make an honest buck on Wall Street.
  meeting every caucus goer and asking for their support to    
 Full room ready for in West Des Moines this morning.  
Happy New Year!
Just hours left to be on our list as a supporter who joined in 2015. Make sure you’re next:  
 ICYMI: talks about his dad record on disabilities   
  son explains the miniVAN (doorknocking app) program to his dad  
Our outdated immigration laws no longer meet our economic needs, our national security imperatives, or our values as a people.
Will you join our campaign before the end of the year? 
We can’t just sit by and wait for another tragedy to happen again. We need comprehensive gun safety laws to save lives.
There is a lot more that unites us than divides us.
"(Our work) means never slamming our door on refugees who are fleeing genocide and death,” 
Tune in to now!
 Coming up next...  
Tune in to at 7:15 ET to watch the Governor live!
 Happy Birthday Iowa! On this day in 1846 Iowa became the 29th state in our Union.  
We must strive to make our “corrections” facilities actually achieve rehabilitation.
As President, I will establish a national dashboard on overdose and addiction to monitor the problem, and track our response nationwide.
  is speaking to a packed house at the Des Moines Social Club for the STAR PAC endorsement  
As Governor, he stood on the side of equality.  
Every American should have the opportunity to serve his or her country through national service. 
Great video from our team out in Iowa.  
A very Merry Christmas to all!
A Christmas Refugee Roundup sounds like something would concoct. Remember: Jesus was a refugee child who fled death gangs.
Las redadas q planea en estás fiestas contra refugiados centroamericanos que huyen de la muerte son inmoral. Somos mejores que esto.
 holiday plans for raids to round up/deport Central American refugees fleeing death are wrong. We are a better nation than this.
O’Malley signed the MD Lilly Ledbetter Civil Rights Restoration Act, cracking down on unequal pay for women.
I agree with ; Gun violence is an epidemic. We need act immediately 
Spent the morning volunteering at with A great tradition of giving back during the holiday season 
I'm the only candidate, and hopefully not the last, to put forward a plan to move us to a 100% clean electric grid by 2050.
 Watch: Martin O'Malley makes a (literal) elevator pitch for NH Primary votes   
 case shows that we need to do more than  We must continue the fight for meaningful criminal justice reform.
 Days not over -- kicking off  town hall in Windham  
 Candidate day here talking innovation economy. Welcome to our HQ in New Hampshire! 
 should lift blood ban on gay and bisexual men. A 1 year ban is still discriminatory and doesn't look at actual risk factors. 
Gov. O’Malley has laid out 15 progressive goals to Rebuild the American Dream. Read them here:  
  talking about an economy that works for everyone with a demonstration at Concord High  
  volunteers celebrating the holidays together. We love our vols!!  
  kicks off New Leadership Town Hall in Manchester  
 JOIN the campaign today! Sign up here:   
  kicks off the barnstorming  tour after the NH debate!   
 Fresh off the  stage, catch next on  Watch on  
 Happening now on CNN State of the Union live from Manchester   
 In closing  statement, criticizes Republican candidates:  
Join this campaign now: 
We need to invest in our future and give every student a chance to graduate college debt free.
We need to build a firewall between speculative and commercial banking. Only Glass-Steagall can do that: 
 Under MD was ranked by as best state for women based on: economics, leadership ; health.   …
Hey - important message. That's why we have forth a plan to get the U.S. to   
 "I believe we need to focus on defeating ISIL, that is the clear and present danger." —
  reaffirms his stance on Syrian refugees at  
We must continue to be a compassionate and generous people. We must do our part and accept more Syrian refugees. 
  on gun control: "What we need on this issue is not more polls, we need more principles." 
As a nation, it is time for sensible gun safety laws that save lives. Read my plan here:  
We must come together and hold true to the values and freedoms that unite us. 
Here we go! Join our campaign now: 
 PHOTO: addressing house parties across America pre-  
  pumping up his supporters before heading in to  
 Martin O'Malley's son is still outside with the crowd  
 Grace O'Malley stops by the the viz station  
 PHOTO: doing his debate walk through at  
 Team gives a big high-five to  
Let us know that you will be watching tonight!   
 Democratic Presidential Candidate will talk to the morning after the debate on  
Gov. O’Malley passed the Maryland Parental Leave Act, expanding family leave for thousands in the state.
 The main problem facing America, according to Martin O’Malley:  
As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law.
O’Malley created the Commission on Climate Change to reduce global warming and to prepare the state for climate change.
 to when joined me to stand up for marriage equality in MD AND the won the super bowl 
Yes, the politics of higher purpose—that’s what’s always drawn me to public service. 
We filed to be on the ballot in Ohio today. Thanks to Mayor Elkins and all the volunteers ; supporters who helped! 
"My son is not a pair of boots on the ground. These are American soldiers."
We will never be able to meet our  targets if we build more dirty fossil fuel infrastructure. -O'M (2/2)
Lifting the crude oil export ban will raise energy prices for American families and block our transition to clean energy  (1/2)
Don’t like what you are hearing during the  Join our campaign now: 
   addressing the  caucus at  about basic human dignity 
Strength at home is not just about security. It’s about our values. It is about our ability to do justice. It is about our compassion.
The Governor at  
Anyone can talk about it, but we actually did it. Del dicho al hecho hay mucho trecho.
 LIVE on  Martin O'Malley at   
 meeting w Bangladeshi  hears abt conditions in detention centers  
The enduring symbol of our nation is not a barbed wire fence it is the Statue of Liberty. 
As a nation, it is time for sensible gun safety laws that save lives. Read my full plan here: 
 signing my petition to get on the ballot in the great state of Ohio. Thanks for your help! 
It is unacceptable that firearms kill more than 32,000 Americans each year.
As a father, the tragedy at  weighs deeply on my heart today. We must enact real gun safety laws ; prevent future tragedies.
Let’s pass common sense measures like mandatory gun licensing, waiting periods, and age restrictions. They work: 
Under O’Malley, Education Week ranked Maryland’s K-12 school system  an unprecedented five years in a row.
Mr. Trump—when you start your registry of people who oppose your backward, un-American ideas. You can STA WITH ME!
  We are made stronger by including more people, more fully in the economic, social and political …
Now the U.S. needs to do what it does best—lead with action. We need full  transition to clean energy.  
Congrats  on the  The pact sets ambitious goals to fight climate change. As POTUS, I will hold the world to them. -O'M
I would create a new Clean Energy Jobs Corps to help realize our transition to a clean energy economy. 
 FROM the FIELD: Join the team today!  here:   
 Check out the photo album from our Dec. 3 event, "A Conversation with Martin O'Malley":  
Thanks to aka the Greatest, for speaking against hateful, anti-Muslim proposals from 
  literally stood with Muslims, becomes first 2016 candidate to visit a mosque
That means equal protection under the law. And that means religious liberty for all. (2/2)
The 1st responsibility of the president is to uphold the Constitution—that means no religious test for our president, or for refugees. (1/2)
Leadership is about the courage to call upon our goodness as a people to move us forward. 
We must continue to be a compassionate ; generous people. We must do our part and stand up against the hateful rhetoric of
 As an  youth these days I've often been heartbroken. THANKFUL that has just filled my he…
We are all in this together. We will always be stronger as one nation. 
Together, inshallah, we will overcome these challenges.
WATCH LIVE: The Governor at the ADAMS Center: 
Meeting scouts at the ADAMS Center mosque. The American flag pole here was built as an Eagle Scout project. 
At 12:00PM ET, The Governor will give remarks at the ADAMS Center. You can WATCH here: 
Don't give a damn abt your thoughts on me. Stop jailing women, children. You subvert our American values every day. 
New Americans have endured the uncertainty and fear of legislative inaction for far too long. My plan:  
 LIVE on  call to end immigrant detention 
 Hoy a las 5 pm MT: Únanse conmigo y frente a la cárcel de de la 4th Ave para hacer un llam…
Today at 5pm MT: Stand with me and in front of 4th Ave Jail to continue our call to 
Will I take executive action to advance gun safety? Yes—by using federal procurement contracts. Read more: 
An O’Malley admin would immediately extend executive action to safeguard at least 9 million New Americans from deportation.
With over 7,000 signatures, I'll officially be on the ballot in VA. Thank you to all the volunteers who helped. 
I will use the full power of the presidency to secure immediate relief for millions of New American families.  
 Students who couldn't fit in room watching from every place they can to see talk  
 Welcome to Cal,  
 "My dad went to college on the GI Bill, my daughters went to college on a mountain of bills!"  at
 Our event is beginning very shortly! Join us at Sibley Auditorium now to save your seat 
As Governor, he stood on the side of equality. Love is love. 
We must give DOJ the resources it needs. My criminal justice plan would make the DOJ a better backstop for justice. 
Four tough questions from the First in The South Forum.
In 2012, O’Malley signed marriage equality into law—and Maryland became the first to defend this by popular vote thanks to his leadership.
National service should be part of what it means to be an American citizen. 
 Hey here’s full, detailed, progressive plan to expand Social Security  
  and discuss plans for Social Security.  
  Great nations do not store up legacy wealth by storing cash in a closet. Calls for infrastructure/human …
  at U of IA: "starting w/ issue of great importance-congrats on going to the Rose Bowl!"  
Congrats to Trump Hotel workers in Las Vegas who expressed their right to join a union! I stand w/ you now ; always 
 Kicking off tech townhall in Cedar Rapids   
El pueblo de Venezuela alzo sus voces. Hoy es un gran día para la Democracia y el futuro de Venezuela.
The people of Venezuela have spoken. This is a great day for their Democracy and future.
 removes all doubt: he is running for President as a fascist demagogue.
Sliver of good news: SCOTUS OK's assault weapons ban ; MD's law will stand. Now let's pass a national ban. 
 Presidential Leadership is needed to update  says Gov   
 Hey check out our plan to expand--not just enhance--Social Security here:   
Within 35 years, our country can ; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs. 
Happy Hanukkah to all celebrating the Festival of Lights. -O'M
It is time to stand up for our values and call for the expansion Social Security.  
America can, and needs to, run on a 100% renewable energy powered electric grid by 2050. 
In 2011, O’Malley passed the DREAM Act in Maryland. 
 comments abt LGBT ; women servicemembers are disgusting. Anyone who can/wants to serve should be able to—openly ; w/ pride
 The Democratic Party standing strong. Here with at a Presidential Town Hall in Charleston SC 
DOJ is wrong. They must stop insisting that detaining mothers and children is right and  
As a nation, it is time for sensible gun safety laws that save lives. Read my full plan here: 
We need a leader who will take a strong stance on an archaic and racially biased practice. We must abolish the death penalty.
I agree—this is a "moral outrage ; nat'l disgrace." If Congress doesn't have courage to act, let's use EOs. -O'M 
 At the DPA Holiday Party. meeting with Arkansans and gave a great speech! 
 addressing issues ranging from higher education, gun control, and other issues at 
 to meeting the with when His Holiness spoke at the 2 years ago. 
 timeline takes close look at Dem candidates on gun control. Proud to stand up to where were the others? 
Thanks to the 1,000+ rabbis who signed this letter. I agree, the US needs to be a moral leader and accept refugees. 
Secretary Carter is moving our military forward. All qualified to serve should be able to.  
 Miss any of recent NH swing? Take a look at this short recap   
Call on elected officials NOW to stand up the Terror suspects can't fly, but they can buy assault weapons 
 Martin O’Malley says San Bernardino rampage might finally force change in gun laws  
 I urge the same - this violence must stop! I am proposing these bold executive actions on day 1 
 When in Univision... 
Horrifying news out of  Enough is enough: it's time to stand up to the and enact meaningful gun safety laws
 also - birth of the new hashtag, 
Loved sitting down with - though I still prefer "eagle" to  
Disgraceful. The House GOP should put safety ahead of priorities 
 Check it out: trains O'Malley Natl Campaign Manager for night of  phonebanking 
Excited to speak with students tonight 
Outrageous--as meets w/ world leaders to fight climate change, the GOP undermines US leadership  
America can bring the world together ; end the scourge of AIDS. As POTUS, I will redouble HIV research,treatment, ; prevention 
  signs the famous fridge at the  
  touring Velcro Companies in Manchester  
 America works best when the left wing ; the right wing are both flapping.    
Let us stand up together, and say, the enduring symbol of our nation is not the barbed wire fence— it is the Statue of Liberty! 
We must take action, together, to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour—wherever and however we can! 
As Democrats, as Americans, we must not run away from the Obama-Biden record of progress, but to build upon what we have achieved. 
WATCH LIVE: The Governor at the JJ Dinner: 
  greeting supporters prior to JJ  
Support the candidate who believes in  Sign up now: 
 It was a pleasure meeting  at the Jefferson Jackson dinner! 
 Thank you for tickets to the  dinner     
  meets w/ supporters outside Radisson before Democrats JJ Dinner   
Excited for the JJ Dinner tonight. Will you be watching?  
Watch me answer a member's question on  
Today in America, one in five children are living in poverty, without enough to eat. This is unacceptable. 
My thoughts and prayers are with those in Colorado. 
Shopping today? Check out  for some cool gear.
 Happy Thanksgiving from the team to you and yours! Watch what we are thankful for here: 
What are you thankful for?  
Wishing all a very Happy Thanksgiving.
 ICYMI: The team getting ready for last months JJ Dinner:   
 Martin O'Malley Sings Of Farmworkers, Highlights Immigration  
As Governor, O’Malley was selected by his fellow peers to co-chair the NGA’s Special Committee on Homeland Security and Public Safety.
 ICYMI: A Day In The Life Of A Field Organizer  
Goal: ensure access to health care for all, increasing the insurance rate to 95% by 2020. Here’s how to do it: 
Every American deserves the opportunity to live a healthy life. My plan for health care in America: 
Thank you The federal government must follow KY ; MD's lead ; restore voting rights to people with felony records.
In 2003, O’Malley was selected by his fellow mayors to co-chair the U.S. Conference of Mayors’ Homeland Security Task Force.
O’Malley stood up for transgender Marylanders, signing comprehensive legislation banning gender identity discrimination.
Addressing climate change is a moral ; national security imperative. That's why I'm calling for  
Support the candidate who believes in  Join our campaign for  now: 
As POTUS I will fight mergers that offshore taxes and jobs, while aggressively enforcing our antitrust laws. 
  kicking off our first event today in Bedford  
 In today's Concord Monitor:  is type of new leader nation needs"  
Something is wrong w/ today's GOP when a  protester is beaten up at a rally ; front-runner says maybe he deserved it.
Thank you for giving names to the nameless.  
Proven prevention and treatment strategies are underutilized. Funding for treatment programs is insufficient. 
 Sunday on I’ll talk to Democratic presidential candidate
Read my full plan here:  
The Governor is about to take the stage at the  Watch: 
 Just now: filing for our  primary!   
WATCH: The Governor is on stage now for  
Goal 9: Reform our criminal justice system to save and redeem lives.   
To honor the one year DAPA anniversary, we'd like to sing you a song. Families shouldn't live in fear of separation. 
As we honor lives lost this yr, let’s end unnecessary detention, fight bullying, expand mental healthcare services ; pass  
In times of crisis it's very important for leaders to remind us of the principles that we share as a people, the values we have as a people.
Gracias a por su apoyo en
  Obama's leadership is far preferable to rushed and cowardly vote that they had in the House ystdy. 
 How would defeat ISIS? The Democratic presidential candidate joins us next.  
Tune in to at 8:30 ET to see the Governor.
Tune in to now to see the Governor!
 Packed room in  tonight! rocked it!  
TONIGHT: Check out the Governor on at 9:30 ET. 
 WATCH LIVE: joins  + analysis of latest national polls  
 Coming up at 5pm ET, joins  on  
 We are a generous ; compassionate nation. Mayor Taylor is right, we should welcome the Syrian refugees 
Syrian refugees are fleeing the very same violence we saw in Paris. We must stay true to who we are. 
 America was founded to protect religious freedom. You would destroy it. 
“My son is not a pair of boots on the ground. These are American soldiers”
In 2011, O’Malley passed the DREAM Act in Maryland. 
 When it comes to being commander-in-chief of Donald Trump insults, nobody touches
We must use the power of the federal purse to advance gun safety through procurement contracts. Read more: 
 Missed new endorsements? Read about all 28 of them here:   
The has blocked research on saving lives from gun violence. I stand with those fighting for change. 
We need to invest in our future and give every student a chance to graduate college debt free. 
National service should be part of what it means to be an American citizen.  
 is right: I do support paid family leave. She should tell the American people how she'd actually pay for it.
We cannot be a moral leader, we cannot be credible on the battlefield, if we shirk our responsibilities on this humanitarian front.
R's turn away refugees but protect terrorists' right to buy guns. I agree with must end now. 
 Dubuque Auditor Denise Dolan committing to caucus for  
 Great seeing today at Loras! He even gave a shout out to our group!!   
Happy to have 28 new endorsements in Iowa!  
This brutal and barbaric group is perverting the name of a great world religion.
 in what world do three-year-olds need to be vetted for anything? This is heartless and unAmerican. 
 The President is right to reject scapegoating of Syrian refugees. is right to stand with Obama. 
They are rejecting our values in the face of fear ; ignorance. Keeping America safe and staying true to who we are is not a zero-sum choice.
Republican Governors in 13 states have now called for the rejection of Syrian refugees fleeing the very same violence we saw in Paris. (1/2)
 Packed coffee house for with Luther students and Decorah residents at Java John's!  
  meeting with caucus goers in Decorah   
 Full classroom at Wartburg College for  townhall.  
  speaking to a room full of students at  
Take it from the New England Journal of Medicine Maryland can be a national leader in health care reform. 
“You’ll never hear this from that immigrant-bashing carnival-barker Donald Trump…” 
We need to invest in our future and give every student a chance to graduate college debt free. 
  receives a standing ovation at the Story County Democrats Fall BBQ   
As Governor, he stood on the side of equality. Love is love. Join if you agree:  
Want to be a part of this? Join our campaign now:   
"My son is not a pair of boots on the ground. These are American soldiers.” 
"This brutal and barbaric group is perverting the name of a great world religion." 
 My short post-debate interview w/ a happy on his boffo perf. 
 In the wake of Paris, here is what Martin O'Malley had to say about Muslim Americans:
 Had fun cheering for tonight with friends! Great performance during the  Gov!  htt…
  sticking around to shake hands and take pictures with supporters.   
 "On to victory, 80 days to go!" tells crowd in Beaverdale  
  doing his bar stool thing at saints thanking volunteers, staff and supporters!  
 Lots of chanting waiting for at his after  party at Saints.  
 Martin O'Malley on the economy during tonight's   
 Thank you for reminding us there is a human side to war and immigration, not just numbers and rhetoric! Clear…
 was solid at the  tonight. The man never fails to impress with his quick responses and smart soluti…
  slams Trump as "immigrant-bashing carnival barker":    
 I think won the  tonight! He looked presidential with his practical solutions on the economy and g…
This was our moment. Donate whatever you can right now.   
Support the candidate who believes in  Join our campaign now: ​  
 O'Malley calls for debt-free college, notes his daughters went to school "on a mountain of bills."  
Governor O’Malley took action to freeze tuition at public institutions—and it worked.  
I believe now more than ever we need criminal justice reform. We can ; must do better.  
Gov. O’Malley tried to make an honest buck on Wall Street. Watch:  And help him out: 
FACT: Under O’Malley’s leadership, Baltimore drove down crime faster than any other major U.S. city. 
In Maryland, Governor O'Malley put in place the strongest gun safety legislation in the nation.  
What did people say about Wall Street plan? See for yourself.  
As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law.  
My plan starts w/ providing deferred action to the greatest possible number of New Americans. Read more:  
Let's get workers out of the shadows and pass comprehensive immigration reform now.  
 As Gov of MD, signed the MD Lilly Ledbetter Civil Rights Restoration Act ; Maryland Parental Leave Act into law 
  
“A big part of MD’s success comes from a four-year tuition freeze, which Gov. O’Malley implemented.”  
Under O’Malley, Education Week ranked Maryland’s K-12 school system  an unprecedented five years in a row. 
A mother of a service member to Governor O’Malley: "My son is not a pair of boots on the ground. These are American soldiers.” 
  quotes a mother of military service member: "My son is more than a pair of boots on the ground." 
Governor O’Malley is backstage prepping for  Tune in to watch LIVE at 9pm ET.  
 
Let us listen to voices throughout the globe that speak of love, unity and peace. 
Heartbreaking news from Paris. Praying for the country and its people. -O'M
This case could destroy Roe v. Wade. As POTUS, I'll fight to defend a woman’s right to choose. 
 Off to Iowa again.This time to attend the debate as guests of Honored to stand with this man who's about …
 Tomorrow is the first  in Iowa –  if you’re watching and rooting for  
Let's get workers out of the shadows and pass comprehensive immigration reform now. 
 Full house for at tonight's meet and greet. 
 We must have immigration reform that includes a pathway to citizenship. - 
I will use the full power of the presidency to secure immediate relief for millions of New American families.  
We paid for community health instead of volume of care ; saved $116M in a year. on MD healthcare leadership: 
Gracias a la Familia Ramírez por recibirme. ¡Seguiré luchando por ustedes y todos los Nuevos Americanos!  
 Immigrant mother hands two graduation tassels, saying, "These are the dreams of each of my children." 
 In Austin today, arrives for lunch w immigrant family, talking DREAM Act ; 2016 
 La familia Ramirez tendrá la oportunidad de compartir su historia con  
"I want to thank you so much from the bottom of my heart for standing up to the more than any other candidate"
 "Have to run on [Pres Obama's] record." says. "A mistake if we fail to run on progress made in last 8 year…
Happening now! Tune in. 
 "Breaking up families does not help" USA says. "It's wrong, it cuts against who we are as a nation." 
Watch the Governor o with Evan Smith:
Looking forward to meeting the Ramirez family ; sharing a meal w/ a New American family that can show us how  is good for our country.
Tearing a child from their family is disgraceful. As POTUS, I would end discrimination in adoption and foster care. 
I will provide long-overdue justice for LGBT veterans whose only transgression was being true to who they are. 
Unemployment among post-9/11 vets is 2x the national average—this is unacceptable. We must do right by our heroes: 
Read more about my conversation with making his way across the country for his comrades:  
Happy Festival of Lights to all who are celebrating in the United States and around the world. 
Here is a picture of my father with his B-24 crew, training in Nevada before deploying to the Pacific.  
Today I called a “Magnificent Bastard” walking across America. Thanks for your service, Jon. We are cheering you on. 
I wrote today letting them know I  and every worker who wants to unionize! 
Veterans Day 10 years ago. Last picture taken of my dad ; me together. Thanks to all who have served.  
To all of our veterans—thank you. Your commitment, bravery and sacrifice keeps our country safe. -O’M
 
Dear look it up.  
I raised the minimum wage in Maryland ; as Pres. I'd fight to  No surprise, GOP candidates don't agree.  
When civilians sign up for the military, their families sign up, too. Here’s how we can support military families: 
Wall Street can't police itself. My plan will close the revolving door @ the Fed ; in DC.  
 O'M FACT: created the first VetStat meeting In 2011 to coordinate government response to veterans needs 
Happy Birthday Thanks for helping me back then, and thanks for helping me on the trail today. -O'M 
 tiene razón   deben ser defendidos en la corte suprema. Pronto, millones podrán dejar de vivir con miedo.
 is right to appeal   to SCOTUS. We're one step closer to protecting millions of New Americans from deportation.
I support the  and a $15 federal minimum wage. Let's get to $15 however and wherever we can! -O'M
I will provide long-overdue justice for LGBT veterans whose only transgression was being true to who they are. 
Próximo paso: La Corte Suprema.   están aquí para quedarse—como presidente ire aún mas lejos.
We shouldn't be building fences nor walls. Our Party should be leading the fight to welcome New Americans more fully into our society. (2/2)
Disappointed to hear that Sec. Clinton still believes in failed policies of the past ; that of the GOP front-runner, Donald Trump. (1/2)
I have set a goal to reach full employment for our veterans by 2020.  
 worked to end veteran homelessness, reducing it by 33% since 2010. We must continue this progress: 
We must ensure world-class health care ; supportive services to our veterans. Read my plan:  
This is an important first step by I urge expansion to all locations—focus on conservation of animals: 
To begin to restore the trust of those who sacrificed for our nation’s security, VA must embrace ambitious reform: 
The death penalty is unconstitutional. As President, I will take leadership on the issue and fight to overturn it.  
America must uphold its sacred trust with our veterans. Here’s how:  
Thank you for having me.  I share your passion and commitment to getting  done. Si se puede. -O'M
We need new leadership, principled leadership based on what is best for our country and an economy that works better for all of us.
I’m the only candidate to lay out the actions I would take as President to bring New American families out of the shadows and into the light
In Maryland, we pursued our own DREAM Act to ensure that 36,000 Dreamers could have access to affordable higher education.
During my service as Mayor and as Governor, I always kept a sign from the 1890s on my desk–it says “Help Wanted: No Irish Need Apply.”
WATCH: The Governor live at the Presidential Candidate Immigration Forum with 
As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law. 
  receives a standing ovation at the Linn County Democratic Hall of Fame dinner  
Leadership matters.  
National service should be part of what it means to be an American citizen.   
 Martin O'Malley preps for the lightning round questions:  
"We shouldn’t send people in to wars we’re not willing to pay for."  
"What is the most impractical item of clothing that you own?” - to Governor O’Malley. The answer:  
  hits his stride in South Carolina:  (AP) 
I think the move to for-profit prisons in our country is appalling. I think it’s immoral, and it’s wrong. Watch: 
"We need to wrap the challenge of climate change in the opportunity of more jobs."   Watch:
 Can Democrats win in the South? gives his take:   
After a life of hard labor, every American should be able to retire with dignity.  
Quick hug before   Thanks for always being by my side. 
 Winthrop students to "you really impressed me tonight." 
 Congrats to on a nice job in the forum tonight. Makes me, as a Marylander, proud.
 I'm really warming up to like his message.  
 More I inform myself of the more I like. 
 great job. Good to know more about you.
 Miss at  Check out when he talked about his record of  
 If you watched tonight and were intrigued, here's more:  via YahooPolitics
Pitch in to a campaign about  ; getting things done. Give $3 to show you stand with Governor O’Malley: 
 seems like the strongest candidate on MSNBC's Maddow show.
Law enforcement is at its best when officers work w/ neighbors to ensure public safety ; promote the dignity of all people. 
FACT: Governor O’Malley firmly opposes the death penalty, and abolished it in Maryland. does “not favor abolishing.”
 
 lets big banks off the hook for financial crisis”  
 called the Brady Bill—a bill requiring background checks on gun buyers—“tokenism,” “pure symbolism.” 
 Fact: only one Dem candidate has actually stood up to the NRA and passed common sense gun safety reform and that’s
Want to be a part of this? Join our campaign for  now:   
I did not allow private prisons in Maryland. I would not allow private prisons in our country either. 
  
Can’t keep up with the accomplishments the Governor is listing? Read them all here:  
 we didn't move out of the Stone Age, because we ran out of stones. We need to take action on climate change. …
  
Addressing climate change is a moral ; national security imperative. That's why I'm calling for  
Projects like  are bad for our country—and that’s why I clearly opposed it from the start 
"We need to advance the ideas that people can listen to around their kitchen tables ; know that Dems are on their side.” 
Starts in 5! Watch LIVE here:   
Don’t miss ;  Democratic Presidential Forum TONIGHT starting at 8pm ET. 
 Why the death penalty needs to go by  
"It is time that we, as a nation, abolish the death penalty for good.” Read my op-ed: 
  hace las promesas de amparo a indocumentados más ambiciosas de la campaña  
 Why Martin O'Malley could be the future of the Democratic Party  
Thanks to for getting these done. Read the rest of my plan to find out what's next:  
Clean energy isn't a pipe dream—we must lead on climate change. In MD, we did it: cut greenhouse gas ; created new clean energy jobs. (2/2)
I've long opposed  because we know it will exacerbate climate change and extend our reliance on fossil fuels. (1/2)
Did you grab a bumper sticker or car magnet yet? Get one before the debate next week:  
 Listening to sing at an Irish pub! 
The guitar is out! 🎶 
Our fellow citizens in  need our help. must act now for  justice. Apoyo a  en su marcha.
  to when rocked the  with   
I applaud for investigating  I urge other state Attorneys General to do the same. -O’M
As President, I would direct the EPA to take aggressive action to limit greenhouse gases. 
We need a leader who will fight for policies we believe in, not follow polls.
We must commit to reduce deaths by gun violence in half within 10 years. Here's how I'd start: 
 O'Malley: Time for common-sense gun laws  
Great crowd at our Boston civic tech pitch contest! 
 I've done a lot of pitching, never before to a presidential candidate. Box, checked. cc 
The federal government shouldn’t be involved in gun laws—who said it best? or Watch: 
 Funny, all of this reminds me of the time we went to 
 wants to go after for making excuses on guns. But she did the same thing in 2008. Watch:
Thanks for committing to be a delegate for our campaign in AL, We can all learn from your strength and story. -O’M
You may have heard about my 15 years of executive experience, but learn more about what I did early on in life: 
Today, a gunman can buy 4,000 rounds of ammunition w/out a background check—and the dealer won’t be held responsible. Let’s fix that.
 VIDEO: officially signs up to run in the  
 O'Malley is the first major candidate to file. "I wanted to be the first Democrat," he says.  
WATCH the Governor become the first Presidential candidate to file for the New Hampshire Primary. 
  helps put the room back together @ the Keene Historical Society after a great event  
 Great turn out for our  town hall focused on gun safety reform in Keene  
It’s about  As President, I would take these 7 executive actions to protect our communities. 
  is out supporting for mayor at Ward 1 in Manchester  
 O'Malley and his stunningly explicit pro-immigrant platform. My latest for / 
 As team hits the doors today, we want to remind everyone to  !  
 I am heading to SF next Monday. I would love to talk more. Too bad we'll be missing Go Terps! -O'M
Let’s put our children's safety ahead of the interests of the
Find out everything you need to know about where and when to vote here. And go vote! 
6 more hours for Houstonians to unite against discrimination and vote   protects all Americans.  
 "We are moving towards a more compassionate America." Says O'Malley as he talks about the youth vote. 
 "We must square our shoulders and take on the challenge of our time and that challenge is climate change.
 "There is a growing economic inequality in this country. A growing injustice." Says of the economy 
  kicking off an actions not words town hall at UNH  
Proud to announce 21 state leadership teams and over 100 Democratic leaders who have endorsed my campaign. 
 Today: is at  For full student coverage, follow us on all of our social media accounts!  …
 I support because he has the best record on  and is ONLY candidate to propose a plan to keep New A…
Proud to  for expanding—not cutting or just enhancing—Social Security. 
Our country needs new solutions and bold ideas—read my 15 goals to Rebuild the American Dream. 
Let’s make national service and the educational experience of our students go hand-in-hand.  
As Democrats, it is time to stand up for our values ; call for the expansion Social Security for all beneficiaries. 
I would create a new Clean Energy Jobs Corps to help realize our transition to a clean energy economy. 
 is just one of many steps I would take. Read my criminal justice plan to save and redeem lives: 
Congrats to the granddaughter of our Montgomery County for O’Malley Chair Dolly Kildee for winning the top prize!  
Banning the box is a big part of my criminal justice plan, and I was proud to do it in Maryland. Thank you, 
We took actions to make college more affordable.  
Faced with an opportunity to lead—to bring 11 million neighbors out of the shadows to make the U.S. stronger chose politics.
We need to expand—not cut or “enhance”—Social Security so our seniors can retire in dignity, not poverty. 
Addiction is a public health crisis. Let’s treat it like one. 
Within 35 years, our country can ; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs. 
 Happy Sunday! Start your morning with  sits down with at 9 a.m. 
 working out this morning in West Des Moines. I'm pretty sure he worked harder than me. 
 playing guitar and singing about Iowa.  
 Packed house in Valley Junction to hear great fall Saturday morning for coffee and politics  
Check out our Caucus 101 video for Iowa high school students via 
As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law. 
My op-ed from 2007 about why I oppose the death penalty. 
The death penalty is a racially biased and ineffective deterrent ; the appeals process is expensive and cruel to surviving family members.
 THE ARCHIVES: signs Maryland trans rights bill   
Let's ban the box, restore voting rights to people with felony records, and end the school-to-prison pipeline. 
Up to 60% of people released from jail/prison return w/in 3 years. I will invest in job-training and reentry programs that work.
 Coffee and Donuts with and a full classroom of students at Morningside College  
We must rein in Wall Street. Every candidate should commit to these four principles. 
Not a single Republican last night put forward a plan to combat the inequalities in our criminal justice system. 
You didn’t hear the Republicans talking about paid family leave last night. This is long overdue. 
 to the Governor last night: “You’ve been through the battles” on passing gun safety legislation. 
 la Gran Muralla China es una maravilla. Construir un muro que nos aísle d Nuevos Americanos no tiene nada d maravilloso.
Thx for bringing these most adorable kittens to the campaign today!  
Progress is a choice—our daughters must get the full and equal compensation their hard work deserves. 
  talks with on how to beat the NRA to pass gun safety laws  
Read more about the family the Governor was with in Colorado yesterday. 
No se trata del salario mínimo, Se trata de un salario justo. Y el gobierno federal debería de actuar. 
It's not about minimum wages, It's about a living wage. And the federal government should absolutely be involved. 
Not one candidate has the courage to stand up to the  
Catch the Governor on with after this commercial break!
Never thought I'd agree with we need to stop demonizing seniors. Let's keep our promise to them ; expand social security.
 wants to talk about contrast between debates? 
How do we strengthen our economy? Bring 11M of our neighbors out of the off-the-books, shadow economy by passing compr. immigration reform.
WATCH: The Governor live at   Rally at the University of Colorado:  
Thanks for your courage today and every day fighting for  And thank you for your support.
 FLASHBACK: "Repealing Death Penalty Was A “Major Achievement For Who Pushed Hard For It.” 
 We're outside the  in Boulder, Colorado. It's nice to see some familiar faces, like 
I am in search of a very elusive being, and that is a candidate with the backbone to take on the 
 O'Malley: In these beautiful mountains of Colorado I'm in search of a rare being, which is a Republican with the backbon…
"O’Malley makes gun sense common sense for our country. He is about actions, not words.”  
"We stand with Governor O’Malley because he has proven he can apply common sense gun laws to the state of Maryland.” 
  at CU Boulder   
“We stand with Governor O’Malley and what he’s trying to do for this country.” - Sandy and Lonnie Phillips 
Watch LIVE: Governor O’Malley is joined by the Phillips family in Boulder to discuss gun violence: 
I abolished the death penalty in Maryland because it is fundamentally at odds with our values.  
The death penalty is racially biased ; an ineffective deterrent. I repealed it in MD ; would do the same as Pres. 
Let’s make background checks universal and close dangerous loopholes. Read my full plan: 
  announces 24 new Iowa endorsements!    
Let’s pass common sense measures like mandatory gun licensing, waiting periods, and age restrictions. They work: 
  One of the great economic strengths of our nation is our diversity   by
Thanks for repping for so long. You made us proud, you inspired us all. Leaving on a high note  -O'M
Una veleta cambia su posición según la dirección del viento. Un verdadero líder no. 
A weather vane shifts its position every time the winds change. Effective leaders do not. 
Goal 9: Reform our criminal justice system to save a redeem lives.   
I will not represent Wall Street. I will represent Main Street.
  crushing the doors in Ward 7 today for   
 Scenes from our  weekend canvass!  
 
 Welcome to Twitter! Nice dance moves. -Dad 
As a parent and as a father, I would be ballistic if somebody did that to my daughter.  
  reacts to  video  
  defiende a los  de los insultos racistas de —&gt;  
It’s time to put the national interests before the interests of Wall Street. The future of the American middle class depends on it.
The Governor is on now! Turn on
Later tonight the Governor will be on Make sure to tune in! 
Tonight! 
Projects like  are bad for our country—and that's why I've clearly opposed them from the start. 
Go backstage with the Governor before the 
It’s time for a change. 
  join me now. join me now and together we can forge a new consensus for change. 
It's high time we find our backbone as Democrats and stand up and say "NO" to the
 We'd take the IA team in a straight-up fight over any of the GOP operations  
Miss the Governor on today? Check it out here, and share:  
  'Weather vane switches directions, leaders do not' 
 Coming up next...  
Tune in to at 8:30 ET to see the Governor!
WATCH: Governor O’Malley’s full speech at the Iowa Jefferson Jackson Dinner  
Do we want wages to go up and not down? Then let’s pass comprehensive immigration reform now.  
 Proud of my friend for his performance and vision at tonight's 
Join the fight—&gt;   
To save lives we must require universal background checks;we must ban the sale of combat assault weapons. 
Enough is enough.  cc 
To that immigrant-bashing, carnival barker … 
. Iowa DREAMer—is a fearless advocate for citizenship rights for herself and millions of Americans like her. 
Read more about O’Malley’s 15 goals here:   
  La injusticia no se resuelve por sí misma. La debemos resolver con nuevos líderes y con acciones. 
 "Our country has come a long way since the Wall Street crash of 2008." - at  
  
  During the recession invested in education making MD schools  five years in a row 
We must be fearless about our progressive values.   
We are moving to a more connected, more compassionate, and more generous place as a country.  
 "I thank you all for what you do for our country every presidential election," O'Malley tells Iowans. 
O’Malley takes the stage at   
WATCH LIVE: Governor O’Malley speaks at the 2015 Jefferson Jackson Dinner in Iowa.   
  crowd keeping the energy up during breaks in the program   
 Thankful ; honored for this opportunity, DREAMers have fought ; earned a seat at this table Thank yo 
 Minutes away from dining with  
 DREAMer y líder comunitaria, estará con durante la cena   
Backstage before being introduced at  
 The crowd is outfitted with "thundersticks," chanting "he's with us."   
 Waiting for arrival at the Jefferson Jackson Dinner. At the Governor's table...la-de-da!  
 Waiting in line to get inside and have dinner with   
Watch live at 9pm ET:  
Marching O'Malley to the   
 O’Malley ‘covers’ Johnny Cash in Iowa; WATCH:  
   
 We Believe. We Strive. We Do.   
Pumped.   
 LIVE on  Iowa JJ rally  
  now singing "I've Been Everywhere" and caters it to Iowa and his campaign trail.   
 Invoking a little Johnny Cash to warm up: kicks off serenade Cc for lyrics 
  supporters loud and proud before his rally performance   
 Ruthless Ruth takes the stage at the  Pre-show  
 out in full force! (And in some O’Malley store gear:     
Team getting ready for the  
 Will OMalley hard at work!     
  team readies their signs for tonight's JJ Dinner in Des Moines   
 The team joins the sign war fray   
 How does plan to stand out from Clinton and Sanders at democrat's  tonight?: 
 The guitars out in Osage! A little tune-up in prep for  tonight.  
 Great crowd in Osage with this morning, talking  ahead of   
 Mini concert from at his Osage rally 
Ready for the    
 Team O'Malley, The Last JJ, Des Moines   
  signs popping up around Vets Auditorium  
 Watching  share stories of hardship, courage, ; hope w/ presidential candidate  
 LIVE on  Gov. speaking now to Arab-Americans in Dearborn about Israel 
 "We've lost 50  and 8  Some were young w/ everything in front of them. All were sisters ; brothers"
 "Solving this is complicated. Saving little kids shouldn't be" -  
 Kudos to for speaking vigorously against  ; anti-Arab prejudice in the campaigns, at …
  "While we must do everything we can to keep our country safe, we cannot let fear defeat compassion."
 Full room here to hear from 2016 candidate 
 Can't be with us in Dearborn? Watch Gov. address the  community now  
“I believe [O’Malley] is the best candidate to take on Republicans in November 2016.” - 
“I’m endorsing Martin for President because I believe he is the candidate that best represents the future of our Party.” -
We all know we must act. Let's fix this, together. 
Hearing the news of another shooting at another school in our country surely puts fear in the hearts of parents everywhere. It does in mine.
 Thank you for your leadership on immigration: David Campos Praises Martin O'Malley on Sanctuary Citie htt…
 Off to Iowa today by invitation from Governor O'Malley. This man is pushing every other candidate on both sides to get so…
Oremos todos por nuestros vecinos en  mientras se preparan para  Que permanezcan seguros y fuertes.
Let us keep our neighbors in  in our prayers as  bears down. May they stay safe and healthy.
  becomes the first person today to talk about passing comprehensive immigration reform 
  climate change ; renewable energy is the greatest business opportunity that has come 
 If women want to have families they shouldn't have to choose between their kids and career. - 
  is getting specific on  and I love it 
 "Empower women to find out whether or not they are being paid the same amount as the man sitting next to them at work"
  says he is running for President to rebuild the American Dream by closing the wage gap  
 LIVE now on C-SPAN2: speaks to   
  "I haven't been around this many strong women since my daughters lived at home."  
Watch NOW: Governor O’Malley speaks live at  
Ya es hora de implementar regulaciones sobre las compras de armas y municiones en el internet. 
Proud to announce 21 endorsements today from Granite Staters.  
 breaks into song at his Town Hall at CofC! So awesome to be a part of!  
  "when people say the next generation is checked out of politics, i don’t buy it.” 
 RIGHT NOW: Presidential candidate speaking at the about making higher education debt free. 
 has arrived!! 
Watch the Governor speak live in just a few minutes!  
 30 minutes until takes the stage in Stern ballroom!    
I applaud for taking a step forward to ensure our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico are treated equitably. 
Aplaudo a por este paso hacia adelante para asegurar que Puerto Rico reciban el trato que se merecen. 
Let’s implement commonsense safeguards for gun ; ammunition purchases. My plan:  
Thank you, ; Boyd Brown for your endorsement and for co-chairing my South Carolina state effort! 
 HAPPENING NOW: Presidential candidate campaigning at Mt. Moriah Baptist Church in North Charleston. 
 At Mt. Moriah Church in North Charleston now waiting for a roundtable discussion w/ on reducing gun violenc…
Yeah, we're ready for the JJ dinner this weekend. You? 
Want to join the Governor at this weekend’s Iowa JJ dinner? Get your ticket today:  
 JOIN at the JJ Dinner this Saturday! CLICK HERE FOR TICKETS:   
 Incredible speech by at his  on the power of youth, big ideas, and potential. 
 Thankful to pitch presidential candidate on the potential of  ;  
 giving his speech!   
 "Our diversity is our strength"  
 Here listening to  startup pitches with - by far the coolest candidate  
 LIVE on  Watching 
 Great  at  event. Great solutions to some very big problems.
Special guest stopped by our pitch contest! “We have a real digital political leader in Gov O’Malley.” 
 making government more user-friendly (right now streamlining the app. process for food stamps) 
Thanks for stopping by! “Making games about the news.” 
 empowering communities of color to identify ; build solutions to their own challenges. 
Nerd-out about student financing? Check out — part of our pitch contest tonight. 
 Great pitch by and at  competition hosted by 
 Love the is doing a  event. All candidates should be talking more about helping  
Great pitch from Providing farmers with tools, knowledge and info to improve production and income. 
 allows members of the military ; families to send letters from their phone ; reconnect with their units. 
Next up: “the worlds first news-driven social impact community.“ 
First pitch from — using tech to engage the public in civic problem-solving. 
About to kick off our civic tech pitch contest 
 I’m heading to pitch at a campaign event themed around civic tech. Wish me luck!
 Cofounder is about to pitch our venture with at the policy and tech center. Sh…
I went  at the Iowa State Fair. Looks like we have the same pair of shades. 
 Coming to the JJ this weekend? Join us for a concert ; meet and greet with will be taken!  
I’m hosting a civic tech pitch competition tonight in DC. Join us!  
Congrats and all who fought to stop unnecessary deportations. Grateful for your leadership! -O'M
 Watch Democratic presidential candidate Martin O’Malley cover Taylor Swift’s “Bad Blood” on  
30 years from now, we could be 5 years away from a 100% clean energy powered electric grid.  
 is one of the most decent, compassionate public servants our nation has produced—I respect his decision ; wish him the best. -O’M
My debt free college plan helps students and parents who are already saddled with high interest rate loans. 
'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood...
 Presidential candidate covers "Bad Blood" on   
Watch the Governor cover a new song for the first time on
“O'Malley has a proven track record of delivering on his promises to Latino voters.” 
Congrats to who is a next-generation Canadian leader ; champion of positive U.S. relations. 
 Come join Governor in Charleston 
Cholera has killed 9,000 Haitians ; sickened hundreds of thousands more. Victims ; their families deserve justice. 
 WATCH: just covered Taylor Swift on
 This just happened: sang  on 
The guitar is out! Turn on now.
 NOW ON Democratic presidential candidate sits down at the Hot Topics table! 
Tune in now! The Governor is live on
S 2146 is a knee-jerk bill based on stereotypes and false claims. Local police shouldn't be forced to do any job but theirs.
 Democratic presidential hopeful joins the co-hosts at the table today!  
Sorry about the mix-up. It's easy to confuse ; both do blue steel so well.
 Tonight! Guitar shredding presidential candidate stops by.
 Tonight. 
 Dem. presidential hopeful joins the co-hosts at the table tomorrow. Tweet us your questions now! 
We need to expand, not just protect, Social Security. Here's how to do it: 
  participates in a Presidential Conversation on Education on Concord News Radio Tune in 
Front page of O’Malley touts plans for gun control, Social Security expansion, debt-free college. 
I challenge the other presidential candidates to support these four gun safety proposals: 
The Governor will be on tonight. Make sure to tune in! 
 The commit cards keep on coming for in debate to doors weekend of action!  
 Everyone's arguing about who won the debate, but let's talk about how O'Malley's closing statement was truly great 
 Another door knocked another commit card for  
  if you agree with Our economy should work for everyone.  
  touting his  in  with local members 
 talking debt free college, lower youth unemployment and green energy.   
 Energized by his first national introduction in the debate barnstorms NH's Lakes Region  
 Kaylee, campaign MVP (Most Valuable Puppy) is committed to caucus for Are you? h/t 
 O'M Fact: in 2014 raised the minimum wage across MD to $10.10   
 An upbeat sharing  at Wayfarer Coffee in Laconia!  
Great news. My climate plan calls for an end to Arctic drilling. 
We held tobacco companies responsible for lying about cancer. Let’s do the same for oil companies ; climate change. 
 Crowd at Dartmouth eagerly awaiting an  Town Hall with !  
We must rein in Wall Street. Every candidate should commit to these four principles. 
 This was one of the highlights of our week. 
 At NHTI strongly calls for expanding social security benefits  read his plan 
We are the only country that saddles our children with mountains of debt to go to college.  
 Fact: raised the minimum wage  
  It's fiscally irresponsible to shutdown the govt. It hurts taxpayers and the economy. 
  addresses NH Housing Summit in Manchester  
 "There is a need to rebuild the hearts of our economic engines of our cities."   
  strongly reiterates his call to expand social security not cut it. 
 No great country have cut their way to prosperity. 
Here is my plan to expand Social Security, so our seniors can retire in dignity, not poverty:   (2/2)
I agree with the Social Security's cost-of-living formula is flawed.  (1/2)
Quick recap of the important topics the Governor spoke about during the  Watch now:
Going purple today to show support for our LGBT youth. Let’s take a stand against bullying. 
New Americans have endured the uncertainty and fear of legislative inaction for far too long. My plan: 
TO: FR: U.S. Military. RE: Climate Change = “Threat Multiplier.”  Update your stump.
Didn’t realize is a climate denier. Odd position for someone who talks a big game on national security. 
Moving our electric grid to 100% clean energy powered by 2050 will help bring millions of new clean jobs with it. 
I am not afraid to fight the I did it in Maryland, and I’ll keep fighting as President. 
Get your very own campaign t-shirt today:  
The American people need someone who will be on their side.
Let’s live up to our founding ideal: e pluribus unum – that out of many, we are one. 
We need to build a firewall between speculative and commercial banking. Only Glass-Steagall can do that. 
Learn more about the Governor, and find out when this picture was taken. Our timeline:  
We’re moving to a more connected, generous, compassionate place, ; we need to speak to the goodness w/in our country 
"Martin O'Malley has done more than any other Democratic candidate to earn the NRA's hatred” 
  'I will not stop talking about gun violence' 
On now! Tune in. 
Coming up this morning, the Governor will be on Tune in!
  on sparring with at the  "We have a deep disagreement" on guns. 
   valuable for proving there are "more than 2 people" in race: "this is just the kickoff" 
  really surprised me" said one Iowan who didn't know much of him. Iowans reactions in our post: 
 “I proudly hold an F rating.” - And we were happy to give it to you. You earned it. 
Our justice system has reinforced our country’s cruel history of racism and economic inequality. We must do better. 
The game was rigged against Lonnie and Sandy Phillips. It’s time to stand up and act. 
Join the campaign now. We are standing on the threshold of an era of new American progress, ; with you, we can win. 
  
As Gov., O’Malley decriminalized the possession of small amounts of marijuana.   
O’Malley passed the Maryland Parental Leave Act, expanding family leave for thousands in the state.  
Under O’Malley’s leadership, Maryland increased renewable energy generation by 41% and grew new solar and wind industries. 
  
W/in 35 yrs, our country can ; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs
America can, and needs to, run on a 100% renewable energy powered electric grid by 2050.   
Want to know more about Governor O’Malley? Check out our timeline on his life ; accomplishments:  
If banks are too big to fail, too big to jail and too big to manage, they are too damn big.  
O’Malley’s “role was pivotal” in defending Maryland’s DREAM Act in a ballot referendum in 2012:  
In 2011, O’Malley passed the DREAM Act in Maryland.  
I will use the full power of the presidency to secure immediate relief for millions of New American families.  
We need to understand that our country is made stronger by the arrival of New American immigrants. 
The people of our country need someone who will protect the Main Street economy from the recklessness on Wall Street. 
What did people say about Wall Street plan? See for yourself.  
We have a responsibility to correct the mistakes of our past to prevent another Wall Street crash. O’Malley's plan: 
We need to reinstate Glass-Steagall. 
As Governor, O’Malley raised the state’s minimum wage and signed the nation’s first living wage law. 
 and we have a lot of work to do to reform our criminal justice system and address race relations in this country.
We have failed as a country to invest in a human intelligence that would allow us to make better decisions overseas. 
  "It’s time to stand up and pass comprehensive gun safety legislation"  
In 2013, O’Malley signed comprehensive gun leg. while the fought it. This year, they called him a “menace." 
In 2013, O’Malley signed the most comprehensive gun legislation Maryland had seen in 25 years. 
Sandy and Lonnie are lifelong hunters. They lost their daughter to gun violence. They know it's time for actions, not words, on gun safety.
Lonnie and Sandy Phillips lost their daughter Jessica to gun violence. Thousands more lose their lives each year. We must act. 
Read more about the Aurora family the Governor is speaking about on stage at  
FACT: O’Malley supported ; staffed civilian review boards and led Baltimore to police its police. 
O’Malley, drove down violent crime by 41% in Baltimore—the 3rd steepest reduction of any major U.S. city. 
On  said “of late, is ... looking like the kind of candidate who puts polls in front of policy.” 
 "The future is what we make of it. We are all in this together." –
We need action to make wages go up again for everyone. Our economy is not money, our economy is people. 
“There is nothing we wouldn’t do to give our kids healthier and better lives.” 
  starts now! Watch live on  and follow us here for live updates!
A little pre-debate warmup.  
New tie: ✔ Pre-debate workout: ✔ Jam session: ✔Ready for debate: ✔ Let us know you’ll be watching: 
The stage is set. Doing our walk-through at   if you'll be watching! 
Just arrived! Ready for  Sign up if you’ll be watching the Governor:  
Tuning in to the  tonight? Let the Governor know you're with him!   
JOIN the campaign that is promoting Progressive Values and  New Leadership! 
Always wanted an O'Malley hoodie? Now's your chance—today, we launched our store:  
 We’re proud to belong to a party that takes student debt seriously.   
Today is the big day! Let us know if you will be watching the first Democratic Party Debate: 
I would create a new Clean Energy Jobs Corps to help realize our transition to a clean energy economy. 
As President, I will put new ideas, bold approaches and measurable results front and center in how we govern. 
Congrats Kathryn! Here's the video our lucky winner received from the Governor himself—thank you for your support!
 ICYMI: got a standing O at the Fall Dinner last Friday!  
 Thank you for addressing the  Convention, 
This  let's celebrate the progress we’ve made ; strive to make America a place where everyone can be just who they are.
  on how he is different from Clinton: "It's not about the words, it's about the actions" 
Tune in now to watch the Governor on
 UP NEXT: Presidential candidate talks 2016 election on watch live:  
 This Sunday: A  exclusive with days before the first Democratic  
 Stop. It is inaccurate and appalling to blame the victims for the Holocaust. It is not up for debate. -O'M
Check out where I stand on gun safety:  via 
 Big applause at the fall dinner as takes the stage  
Watch me take a ride with in a bright red convertible through the Nevada desert: 
Thank you for having me! Good luck on your next chapter. -O'M
Watch:  
Talking about trade and TPP at a roundtable in Newton. Watch LIVE 
  joins a roundtable on trade at UAW hall in Newton.   
Above all, if America signs a trade deal, it should benefit the American people. My op-ed:  
 Fear and loathing with    Story by | Video by  
No, People shouldn’t “get over it”. We should be expanding--not cutting--Social Security. 
Another school shooting last night—the 46th this year. This is madness. We must act now. -O'M
 The youngest county chair in Iowa, Taylor Van De Krol is officially endorsing  htt…
It’s time for America to stop stumbling backward into bad trade deals. My view on our trade policy: 
Necesitamos tu apoyo durante el debate. Organiza una reunión con tus amigos y comparte la visión del gobernador. 
I did not allow private prisons in Maryland. I would not allow private prisons in our country either.
The Governor is on now! Tune in to
Gracias, thank you for meeting with me yesterday. When Latinos succeed, our country succeeds. 
Watch the Governor live tonight at 8:30ET on 
Our neighbors in South Carolina are still struggling with flooding. Here's how you can help them rebuild: 
I agree. -O’M 
 TOMORROW at 3PM: will be at the Newton UAW hall for a roundtable with Iowa workers. All are welcome! 
Let’s make it possible for every young American to serve our nation through service:  
We must act to  plan is a good first step.  I'd go further: 
As President, I would make closing the gender pay gap one of the most important goals of the federal government. 
Tuning up before I record an original song for our contest winner! 
ICYMI: My letter to regarding the Syrian humanitarian crisis. 
 No time to meet - big debate coming up. But Joe Flacco is definitely an  
Leadership isn't changing your position on the eve of debate—it's standing up for the American worker, always. 
  doesn't lead by sticking his finger in the wind to see where public consensus is going  htt…
 What a pleasure to meet 2016 Presidential candidate,     
  great speech on  at  ; our values as a nation of immigrants w/dignity ; respect. 
 LIVE on  Presidential candidate Martin OMalley addresses Hispanic Congressional Caucaus  
  speaks at Congressional Hispanic Caucus   – LIVE on C-SPAN3  
If you slap a bank robber on the wrist, he’ll rob a bank again. It’s no different if that robber is wearing a suit. 
 National Hispanic Leadership Agenda  Democratic Pres. Candidate to Talk Latino Policy 
Back in August, I released my plan to expand social security, so Americans can retire with dignity. 
Proven prevention and treatment strategies are underutilized and funding for treatment programs is insufficient. 
 Seems to me that has the most well thought out and consistent plan for 
 Tateana is dialing to tell people in Charles City about    
Incarceration is an inadequate—and in most cases inappropriate—for people in need of treatment for substance abuse. 
 Yes that's planking and reading his iPad in our Campaign story today 
 must have the funding and authority it needs to do its job and keep us safe. My gun safety plan: 
Watch discuss four points of the Governor's gun reform plan.
Goal 11: Reduce deaths from drug overdoses by 25 percent by 2020.  
 with ! 
  with  at 
  chats with members on the need to raise the  to $15 an hour.  
 "Concentrated wealth at the top with low wages only helps a few."  
 visiting members tonight 
We must revise federal law to establish a comprehensive, centralized firearm registration system. 
 We finish the meeting with with a union hand clap.   
 I am with you to remove excise tax says to on Cadillac tax 
 Great to have at the Culinary Health Fund to meet with workers on why healthcare matters to them. 
  learns about the Culinary Health Fund and how it supports 125,000 Nevadans.  
  members talking to about health clinic/care. Thank you for having us! w/ 
 BREAKING: rolls out endorsements from 24 more key Iowa Democratic leaders   
We must enact comprehensive requirements for gun purchases, including fingerprint licensing. Read my full plan: 
We must use administrative action to require the responsible storage of guns at home. 
 ; Strong gun violence prevention plan by makes me proud to be a dem in this election cycle: 
 "O’Malley urged supporters of Clinton; Sanders to back his “commonsense provisions” to address issue.” 
  Lays Out Gun Control Plan at N.H Event  
It doesn't matter who you support in this race—meaningful gun reform is something we should all fight for. 
I'm calling on and to back meaningful gun safety reforms: 
My plan will not stop every senseless gun death. But it will ensure fewer families are torn apart by gun violence. 
Goal: Cut deaths from gun violence—homicides, suicides, and accidents—in half by 2025. 
 "We need to remember that our economy is not money. It is people. And it is all of our people." - to SC…
 At the fall event listening to  
 Read how got this mom engaged in the  again! 
  is back in the Granite State today headlining the Strafford County Dems Fall Dinner. See you there! 
You're damn right I wear Great Baltimore company.   
The business of our government is now the business of special interests.  
Today in America, big-money special interests have taken over elections—it's time we act:  
 People signing up to meet and learn more about his grassroots campaign!  
 Spending some time talking with voters in Nashua about record of getting things done  
 PHOTO: debate preppin'. Make sure to tune into on Oct 13 at 9 PM! 
 “stuff happens”? That “stuff” is innocent lives lost. These are preventable tragedies. We must act on gun safety now. -O’M
H.B. 318 is misguided and erodes NC's public safety. I stand with and all who are fighting to  
My heart goes out to the fallen service members in Afghanistan and their families. You are in our thoughts and prayers. -O'M
 JOIN the team this weekend in our    
Read my op-ed in the from July, calling on congress to act on gun reform: 
An 81-person coalition, with supporters of the major campaigns, push for more Democratic debates in N.H. 
 Governor rolls out great, super-strong plan to fight corruption today! Small-$ funded elections, fight C…
 Thank you for the great anti-corruption, pro-public financing plan you came out with today!
Tweets won't stop this. Thoughts and prayers won't, either. Only real gun reforms will stop mass shootings from occurring nearly every day.
My heart is with those who lost so much today in Oregon. -O’M
My plan starts with a constitutional amendment to overturn the Supreme Court’s disastrous Citizens United decision. 
 Presidential candidate live here tonight for TRMS, 9pm ET, MSNBC...
I admire your dedication to community service, President Carter. Happy Birthday. -O'M
Read my op-ed on how we can fix campaign finance, together:  
It’s time for actions, not just words, on campaign finance reform. Read more —&gt;  
 thank you!
 thank you!
 thank you!
The Governor just sent out an email. Will you answer his call and contribute before midnight?  
 thank you!
 if you’d rather send back. 
I’ve had 15 years of executive experience where I got things done. Join me if you are ready for  
 Thank you! Really appreciate your support.
Have you joined us yet? Commit before midnight to support the Governor’s plan to Rebuild the American Dream: 
Tune in NOW to and watch the Governor talk with
LIVE at 5:30pm ET—watch the Governor on new show MTP Daily.
 30 minutes to  and join at 5pET on 
Thanks, Read my full plan:  
Last chance to win! You must enter by midnight to be in the running for a personalized song from the governor: 
Thank you, I agree, we need  Congress should pass 
I came out against the Keystone Pipeline over a year ago. Why?
Today, and everyday, I  We cannot let Republicans continue this attack that endangers health care for millions. 
 ed: Voters should have been able to hear directly from the candidates by now, answering tough questions. 
There are some decisions that government is no good at making, like those between a woman and her doctor.
I’m tuning my guitar to sing a song for someone. Will it be you?  
 provides necessary medical care for millions each year. Join me today and  to show that you 
Take it from Or David Petraeus. Or the IC. Or actual interrogators…  
Hey is wrong. It doesn’t work. It doesn’t make us safer ; it demeans who we are as Americans. 
A good step. I would universally require this kind of reporting from state and federal law enforcement: 
I believe that the candidate that emerges on caucus night is one who campaigns the way we’ve been campaigning. 
In school I discovered my love of history ; how the knowledge of our past can shape the future  don’t have that chance.  -O'M
My answer: Del dicho al hecho hay mucho trecho. The question? Watch:
We can use technology to improve workers’ lives in the gig economy. 
I’ve now visited 40 counties in Iowa. Learn more about our campaign, and join us:  
We need to talk about the issues that are being discussed at kitchen tables across our country. 
  signs a pledge card for to focus on climate change solutions  
  meets his supporters from  
  walking and talking with voters as he makes his way through the Latino Festival.  
Let me write you a song:  
 Appearing on CNN's State of the Union, embraces call for the global abolition of the death penalty.…
 Coming up on at noon -- and more!
  talks about the Pope's U.S. visit from DSM this beautiful Sunday morning - catch him on 
  and are all on a special edition of  -tune in at 9a and 11a ET 
 Henry County Democrats are on their feet this evening to give a standing O!   
 Simpson College students for  
 He led MD to have the  rated schools in the country for 5 years - Peter Murphy on in Hampton 
 " is the greatest job creation opportunity to come to this county in 100 yrs."  htt…
 "This land was made for you and me" Just another day on the trail with ; team  
 Talk to one of our organizers like in DSM to get involved, or sign up online at  
  talks immigration reform in Oskaloosa: "In our country, there's no such thing as a spare American." 
 takes questions at a town hall meeting in 
 "This planet is worth saving." tells crowd about his plan for 100% clean energy by 2050  
  has arrived at a packed in Oskaloosa!   
 MD County Commissioner Peter Murphy is in Bedford to talk about record of getting things done 
  as usual, just gets guitars handed to him at events  
 Seems like a good chunk of the crowd are people who have met before, want to hear more.  
  @ DSM Farmer's Market w/  talking about his progressive record and getting things done! 
  telling crowd of ~120 that our economy is not money, our economy is people  htt…
 Woman to "I really like what you've done on min wage ; gun control. Those are big for me"  
  working the Farmers Market crowd in Des Moines  
  chats about local produce with Iowans at the DSM Farmers Market this morning  
  starting day at Des Moines Farmers Market. Then on to Oskaloosa, Albia, Mount Pleasant.  
  is set to speak at the downtown Des Moines Farmers Market in a few minutes.  
Somos un país generoso y compasivo, pero nuestras políticas se están quedando cortas con nuestros valores.  
Have you taken our  poll yet? 
 Ahead of next month's Democratic debate, talks immigration with  h…
 Live in Oskaloosa? Come meet tomorrow at the Coffee Bar at 12PM   
Goal 5: Put 11 million new Americans on the pathway to citizenship through comprehensive immigration reform  
La causas raíz de la crisis humanitarias son complejas, pero ayudando a los refugiados no lo es. 
Take our poll! Do you agree we need more than four Dem. debates before NH/IA to counter hateful Republican rhetoric?
Another great step toward  action, with leading the charge toward  
 former Governor of  and 2016 presidential candidate, visited today. 
 "Let me be clear,"  tells "I am against for-profit prisons" ; draws biggest applause of the…
 "Wherever you start in our country, through your own determination, grit, and drive. You should be able to get ahead." -Mar…
Packed room Watch the live stream now!   
 Selfies going strong w/ at 
Watch LIVE as the Governor speaks with students and community members at  Thanks to
 Packed house here for the speech.   
  will join for an exclusive interview on  to talk 2016, and more. 
Gracias Sophie for your courage ; letter to As POTUS, I’ll act immediately so families stay together. -O’M 
I think it’s party malpractice for us to allow these Republican debates to go on without us answering. 
 Pope Francis calls on Congress to take "courageous actions" on climate change  
Goal 8: End childhood hunger in America by 2020.   
Here's wishing a joyful  to American Muslims celebrating across our great nation—where you can be anything you want to be. 
A very Happy Birthday to the poet laureate of the American Dream, Bruce -O’M
The United States should heed Pope Francis’ call by welcoming no fewer than 65,000 Syrian refugees next year. 
 MEET this Saturday throughout Iowa:    
Katie and I wish a safe and easy fast to those gathering across America, Israel, ; the world to observe Yom Kippur. -O'M
Leadership is about forging public opinion, not following it. On  has followed. (2/2)
I oppose  because it's bad for our environment and we need to move to a clean energy future. (1/2)
 WATCH talk with about historic trip to the US.   
A warm welcome to the United States, Such a blessing to have you visit our country. ¡Bienvenido!
Great wrap up of my day at the New Hampshire Democratic Party State Convention. 
 Just received this note from former MD Gov ; pres candidate Thanks for supporting  
Know someone who needs to register?   
Tune in NOW to watch live.   
Los refugiados no eligen emigrar, ellos huyen para salvar sus vidas. 
Refugees don't choose to migrate; they flee to save their lives. 
Tune in to at the top of the hour to hear from the Governor. 
Goal 2: Generate 100% of American electricity with renewable energy by 2050.   
Pope Francis' visit calls for a reflection on our nation's obligations, priorities. My op-ed: 
Thrilled that ; are part of HuffPost's "40 Under 40: Latinos in American Politics" 
  Martin O'Malley provided commentary to NCR on Francis' U.S. visit  
“CitiStat was a huge success. It went national, and now CitiStat is being used by cities all over the United States” 
The Republicans can have their anger and fear, but that never built a great country.
Before NHDP Convention: "Martin O’Malley energized a couple of hundred supporters Saturday morning” 
 Great to see on Cedar Rapids Gazette front page this am! Join team today!  
It’s sad to see the party of Lincoln being led by candidates who choose bigotry against Muslim-Americans over “united we stand.”
American people are better than latest Trump/Carson/GOP anti-Muslim bigotry.  Hate is not an American value. 
¡Felicidades a Don Francisco por su exitosa carrera! Por 53 años vivió en nuestros corazones, y ahí seguirá. 
 Why we really watch the  
Snapshot from Instagram. Are you following the Governor yet?    
 Thank You for referencing expanding national service at Convention!!   
 Thanks! Come play a tune with me next time I'm in Boston? -O'M
 Heard Presidential candidate used our music today. It's nice to have a guy who stands up for working pe…
Join us today if you agree:     
 The enduring symbol of our nation is not the barbed wire fence—it is the Statue of Liberty.   
Yo soy el único precandidato presidencial con quince años de experiencia ejecutiva.  
  elicits applause when he hits notes on economic inequality: raising minimum wage, OT pay, equal pay, su…
 It didn't take too long for to win over this NH convention crowd. 
Whether we give our children a future with less opportunity or more opportunity is, too, a choice.  
 We froze college tuition four years in a row to make college more affordable for more families.  
This is about us. We the people.   
 Our nation needs  not new divisions.   
 Martin O'malley 
 It is time at NHDC!!!!! 
HAPPENING NOW: Gov. O’Malley speaks at the New Hampshire State Convention. Watch:   
 glad you could make it!
 We are thankful to and his campaign for getting us tickets to the   
 Tune in at 11:20am to see Gov. O'Malley speak LIVE at the NH State Convention!   
  tells a small NH crowd about his progressive record on immigration, death penalty ; min. wage.  htt…
 O'Malley walks with supporters to the NH Democratic Convention. 
 "Give me an O! Give me an Apostrophe!..." supporters chanting outside 
  here to rally the crowd — echoing call for more debates, decrying "carnival barker" Donald Trump. htt…
 Dems up bright ; early to travel to  and meet 
 The geotag on is the best thing about social media right now    
 out early for the campaign! Excited for the convention!  
 - I’m in. How about you 
Thanks for joining the call for more debates.  
 and join me if you agree the United States should accept 65,000 Syrian refugees—it’s the right thing to do. 
Unlike the hateful words you heard at the  I would warmly welcome 65,000 Syrian refugees. 
Shame on you, “Muslim” is not a slur. You cannot scapegoat your way to the presidency. -O'M
 Come meet before the NHDP Convention!  
Gracias  for having the courage to share your stories across the U.S. Estamos con ustedes. 
It’s Party malpractice to allow Republicans to continue to debate ; not let Americans hear from us.  
 24M watched 1st R debate.23M watched 2nd R debate.Viewership of D debates so far: 0 is right: This i…
¡Feliz Día Nacional de la Ciudadanía! Hoy celebramos a nuestros nuevos ciudadanos y a todos aquellos que necesitamos sacar de las sombras.
On this  let’s celebrate the diversity and contributions  add to our country.
 Now: says he'd use executive action to reschedule  as sched 2, "not there yet" on full legali…
LIVE on  Apologies for the technical difficulties; Denver marijuana listening session is back up and run… 
LIVE on  Tune in to join me for my marijuana legalization listening session in Denver 
I’ll be on this morning at 10:30am ET with Tune in! 
Hoy a las 10:30am ET estaré en con !No te lo pierdas! 
We just sat through hrs of  bad economic policies to racism. ; Crickets.  
All we heard on the  stage was backward ideas.  Join if you agree:  
  grew MD's Renewable Generation Capacity by more than 56%    
Watch the  Sick of hateful rhetoric? Add your name NOW if you agree   
We don't need the hateful, xenophobic, out-of-touch GOP rhetoric.  Join us:  
Will we let the Donald Trump circus run unchallenged on every channel?  Join us:  
Lo que se escucha en el  son ideas del pasado y retorica racista.   
On a Democratic Party debate stage, Governor O’Malley will welcome New Americans, not insult them.  
When SCOTUS upheld marriage equality as a human right, Governor O’Malley was there—; got it done in MD.  
Refugees are escaping unimaginable war ; famine. Governor O’Malley would welcome them with open arms.  
All you’ll hear on the  stage is racist rhetoric ; backward ideas.   
  campaign manager Dave Hamrick fires up Dems of all stripes for  
Spotted outside headquarters.  
 Protest outside HQ on Capitol Hill. Most are supporters.  
 if you agree  
Loud, chanting crowd at the  protest outside headquarters. 
 Ahmed, you will be a fine engineer one day. Please do not let this incident hold you back.  -O’M
24 million Americans tuned in to the last  Tonight is their second debate. When will Americans hear from our Party? 
We have a responsibility as a moral leader of nations to step up in the face of this humanitarian crisis. 
 El precandidato pidió en una carta a que EEUU acepte a más refugiados sirios  …
 Hey NH check out this message from  
Don't forget! starts at 12:35 ET.Tune in for a great show with the Governor.
 Tonight:  Josh Brolin, and   Plus Back in My Day!
Tonight! The Governor will be on Check it out!
The Governor is going to be on at 6:15. If you're able to, tune in! 
"I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired of other mothers and fathers losing their kids to guns.”  via
"Over eight years as Governor of Maryland, he put in place one of the strongest packages of gun control of any state” 
Join me in celebrating  ; showcasing the talents ; contributions Latinos add to our country. 
¡Celebremos juntos el Mes de la Herencia Hispana! Las contribuciones de los Latinos son vitales para nuestro pais. 
Fixed.  Martin O'Malley's plan to "restore the American Dream" includes a gun registry. 
  Calls for Cutting U.S. Gun Deaths in Half in 10 Years     
 "I believe there are some decisions govt is no good at making, including a women's healthcare decisions." on
Excited to be on the live at 10 a.m. Watch the live stream:  
Law enforcement must have the tools required to ensure gun safety and hold bad actors accountable. Read my plan: 
Domestic abusers can still easily purchase and own guns. We need to do more to save lives:  
 Yet another presidential hopeful has signed on to support  
This is too important to hold off any longer. We need reform now. My op-ed via  
  calls for a national gun registry...  
 O'Malley laid out basics of this plan:  now others telling their stories, talking advocacy. 
 Ella Thomas and Juanita Morgan, left to right, are both at the gun control panel. Both lost sons to gun violence. 
 At a Gov. Martin O'Malley roundtable in NYC where he's talking about the gun control plan he'd implement as pres. 
 No. This would hurt families across America. If we want wages to go up, we must make it easier to join unions—not harder. -O'M
As a nation, it is time for sensible gun safety laws that save lives. Read my full plan:  
Wishing all a happy and healthy new year this  L’shanah tovah. -O’M
  Director de Prensa Hispana,   
 + other Venezuelan political prisoners should be released immediately. No room for this repression in our shared hemisphere.
It was a pleasure traveling to Storm Lake and talking with Lorena from Gracias! 
"O’Malley’s stance is consistent w/ his advocacy last summer on behalf of unaccompanied minors from Central America" 
 editorial is spot on. The U.S. needs to welcome more Syrian refugees. 
We should always remember the importance of the values we share together. We must never forget.
We recognize and thank those brave individuals who defend us each and every day.
Today, we remember the courage of the first responders and ordinary citizens who gave their lives to save others.
On this day in 2001, we mourned as a city, a state, and a nation. Today, we remember those who lost their lives in the attacks.
 A little rain won't keep these Philadelphians from !   

  on refugee crisis: "We have to act like the good and generous and compassionate people we are" 
Debemos ayudar a los mas necesitados: de  hasta  y en EEUU a refugiados que encarcelamos. 
Tried to make an honest buck on Wall Street... 
Every day that passes we have more ; more voicing their concerns about exclusivity. How many will it take? 
Thanks for hosting me this morning and for the great conversation! -O'M 
Watch on TV or listen on the radio! The Governor will be on live at 8:10 ET. 
Tune in to now!  
Good morning! The Governor will be on at 7:20. Don't miss it.  
 and that's why 
Thanks for echoing the call of so many in our Party.   
I totally agree.  
Turn on now to see the Governor!  
Are you watching I'll be on to talk with 
Make sure to watch tonight. 
 Get to know presidential candidate and his daughter Grace: 
 WATCH LIVE: weighs in on tax plan, and much much more   
El Partido Demócrata seguirá llevando a nuestro país hacia adelante con ideas progresistas y audaces. 
  
NH Democratic leaders ; join the  call.  
What to do about the root cause of this humanitarian crisis may be complex, but helping refugees is not:  
The world is in the midst of a nearly unprecedented global refugee crisis. Our nation must do more. Read my op-ed: 
Our Party will be the one to lead our nation forward with bold, progressive ideas. Join us if you agree: 
 More debates = Stronger Democracy :DNC debate rule hurts Democrats and the country | New Hampshire  
"Getting things done." I keep hearing this phrase on the road. Learn more about my 15 years of getting things done:
 “Democratic presidential hopeful brought a strong pro-labor message to Iowa City on Labor Day” 
  on refugee crisis: "For us to sit back and do nothing ... is morally indefensible" 
Add your name if you agree with the Governor: the U.S. should accept more Syrian refugees  
Tune in NOW as Governor O’Malley joins live!   
Coming up live on with Tune in! 
Yet another leader saying  I agree with Peter, should remove themselves from the process.
 Pete Burling raises some interesting questions for the DNC  
“Democratic presidential hopeful Martin O'Malley brought a strong pro-labor message to Iowa City on Labor Day” 
“I drove 100 miles to see him. I wanted to see him in person, and the trip is worth it.”   
 After a very successful Labor Day wkd with coloring in 4 new counties on the  map 
  in  asking candidates where they stand on  Thank you for supporting Moms! htt…
Gracias a todos los trabajadores cuyo empeño y labor, nos hacen un gran país. Seguiré luchando por ustedes. 
  giving a rousing labor speech, raising minimum wage, living wage, collective bargaining.  
 "Let's raise the minimum wage however and whenever we can." -    
 90degrees couldn't deter marchers Special thanks to Will ;Grace O'Malley for joining us!  htt…
Way to go I will defend and expand this rule. No one should have to work when they're sick or need to take care of family.
Thank you to all who work day in ; day out to make our economy prosper. I will continue to fight for you: 
The American worker has helped build this country. Happy  you for all the progress you have made to improve our nation. -O’M
 Will and Grace O'Malley repping their Dad at the NH Labor Breakfast!  
  taking questions in Anamosa    
 Peter Riley, is supporting because of his commitment to equal justice to all Americans.  
  speaking to  in Tipton about rebuilding the    
We must continue to be a compassionate and generous people. We must do our part and accept more Syrian refugees. 
  speaking at the AFL-CIO Clinton Labor Picnic     
Join me in calling for the U.S. government to do more to address this humanitarian crisis.  
 has called for moral leadership, for empathy and action during this refugee crisis. He is right: 
 Read about visit to in the  
 Big crowd of maybe 250 here at for at Pints ; Politics  
 Huge cheers for as he stumps from a chair to a very crowded room at  
  shaking hands in a packed crowd at Confluence Brewing Company tonight. 
 Will and Grace O'Malley talking  over pizza at St. A's!  
 Boone woman yells out mid-speech to say "nice job" to in standing up to on  
  talking his progressive record ;  to full house now in Ogden today   
 One supporter at the Ogden event says he drove 100 miles to hear O'Malley speak, wouldn't miss him. 
 While you're enjoying  get ready:   
 Kicking off the Labor Day weekend AFSCME townhall with in Altoona  
 Portsmouth is excited about  Great to have Grace O'Malley here to help us spread the word!  htt…
 Will O'Malley talking  in Keene  find out more  
Read a great recap of my recent trip to San Francisco and all of our civic tech events on 
 It was great to hear appreciate our members on their choice of ! 
 Today accepted a uniform piece from one of our awesome staff members ! 
 thank you for visiting our office ; appreciating our 70 mem. on the service they provide. 
 Chris Potter of City Year NH inspired by and gives him his City Year Jacket  
 WATCH LIVE: meets with education group in Manchester, New Hampshire: 
 "In Maryland we expanded voting rights to more than 52,000".   
  "national service is a key component for cutting youth unemployment."  
 Excited to have speaking on National Service and education! 
 Martin O'Malley chats with students and the presidential selfie girls at the Puritan Backroom in Manchester. 
Watch LIVE as Governor O’Malley discusses his debt-free college plan:  
We as a compassionate people must do more to help those who flee war and famine. 
  Kicking off the day in Salem! Thx to the Salem Dems and Salem Chamber for hosting.   
  in Salem "the enduring symbol of our country is not a barbed wire fence, it's the Statue of Liberty" 
  touts record as gov:I'm the only candidate running in our party...that has actually done these things 
  arrives at Salem Chamber to talk    
Every American should have the opportunity to serve his or her country through national service. Here’s how to do it: 
 HOY 10am: Carmen Jovet entrevista al precandidato demócrata, Martin O'Malley por  
  is back in the Granite State today talking    
 Impressive plans from re econ justice, college debt, clean energy, voter access. Good eve @ Doyle's. 
 Huge crowd 2 see in Boston tonight! Thx to Councilor Matt O'Malley for hosting us.  
 Large turnout at 's meet ; greet for Gov Martin O'Malley at Doyle's 
 Did you miss on BPR? Have no fear, the internet is here: 
Yo estoy listo para debatir en Septiembre. Apóyame y firma tu nombre:  
 to 2008 when agreed  Will she join us now? 
"A growing number of party activists, from NH to IA, are voicing concern about the DNC’s plan to hold six debates". 
  joins and on - tune in right now on 89.7 
 Former Governor of Maryland, Mayor of Baltimore, presidential candidate joins us now 
Too many applicants are denied the opportunity to participate in national service programs. Let’s fix that: 
Young professionals out in full force to hear the Governor speak  
Using corps as an example, we need to develop new federal service corps.  
  pledges to fully fund ; provide a half million service opportunities by 2024. 
 We're with today and we want your questions! Tweet us using  and see his answers on the …
 can be more closely connected to the educational experience.  
 Plan by to hike size of would help Lake Erie watershed. Dramatic investments in sewer upgra…
  thanks ; talks about his plan to expand national service opportunities
 Inspired by bold natl service plan, growing from 80k to 500k on path to 1M 
We need to fully fund then double to provide 500,000 service opportunities. My plan for National Service: 
National service should be part of what it means to be an American citizen.   
Unlike I am working with vets across the country on a plan that is worthy of their service and sacrifice.
Apparently didn’t talk to vets for his vets plan. We should fight for vets, not cut care: 
“A gutsy ; fiery O’Malley chastised the DNC … for limiting the party’s presidential primary debates to just four.” 
Our Party will bring us forward, but only if we can present ; debate our ideas.   
 And another supporter from for  
 "Whether or not we make the American Dream true again for all American families is up to us.”  
"Speaking to a crowd of just over 200, O'Malley hammered on the need to make the economy work for everyone." 
Happy to say I have made the most stops in  among the Democratic candidates. I’ll see you again this weekend. 
We must make our case and let the people decide. 
"My wife Elinor and I are endorsing Martin O’Malley to bring back that 'great prosperity’" - Berkley Bedell  
  Completely support what you're doing! Dems need a robust primary. It's not all about one candidate!
O’Malley drew long bursts of applause from the Grinnell crowd 
 300+ people are packed into  backroom to hear speak on middle class values  
 Governor talked renewable energy, better policing practices and affordable college in Grinnell today 
 It's raining commit to caucus cards here in Grinnell!  @ Grinnell College 
  stays until the last question is answered – meeting every caucus goer!   
 "I've restored voting rights to 50,000 people in our state" -    
 "Corporations are not people!" -     
  says we only have two paths now: "A sensible rebalancing, advancing the common good."  
 "Our economy is not money; it's people. It's all of our people." -    
 President of Grinnell students for speaking now abt why he switched to   
Huge crowd of over 400 students ready for Governor O’Malley!  
 For a college of about 1700, 400+ coming to see is pretty telling.  
 Newton resident tells me she'd like to see debate on the national stage, wants his name out there more. 
 For some in the room, it's their first time seeing Others say they've seen him 3 times.  
 About 400+ students, community members waiting for Strong turnout for a Sunday morning.  
  is about to speak to a packed house at     
 Really packed room for at Grinnell College. First time he's on campus.  
 People sitting on floors, standing against walls at Grinnell College, waiting for to speak.  
 Living room by living room, marches on in New Hampshire   
  on talks expanding social security, DNC debates, and his  campaign  
Let’s ensure that every American is guaranteed the opportunity of a debt-free college education! 
  in the overflow room after the  Immigration Forum    
 "Creo que las mejores campañas son las que lideran con ideas y eso es lo que ha hecho mi campaña" 
 As Governor passed the Dream Act    
 "Debemos dejar de detener detrás de rejas a mujeres y niños que buscan protección en nuestro país" señala 
   reform [should not be]  a check the box issue for this or that constituency group. …
 At  Pres candidate says passing immigration reform is a "national economic imperative." 
 Watch speak  immigration forum here:    
 As gets ready to participate in an immigration reform forum today here’s a piece he wrote on his plan 
 2. gave drivers licenses to New Americans so they could drive safely to/from work, school. 
 Refresher while we wait for 1. passed DREAM Act, led MD to become first state to defend it at ballot box…
 Watch  immigration forum live from Univision. will speak around 3:30c  
 Full auditorium at BVU for  forum! one of only 2 pres candidates to attend ; speak  
  reúne a académicos,  y precandidatos para hablar de inmigración en Iowa. Puedes seguirlo AQUÍ&gt;&gt; 
Today’s  anniversary brings back memories from my time as Mayor of Baltimore. Read more: 
Today, our thoughts are with those lost ten years ago, and those still struggling to rebuild or return home. 
 Governor Greeting western MN farmer at Farmers Union State Fair booth 
  "had one clear chance to make waves within the DNC, ; he seized it, delivering a fiery speech.” 

 
 NH Dem Leaders: The Democratic primary debate schedule shortchanges New Hampshire   
 "Ours is the party opportunity, ours is the party of the people." - 
 "We need debate! We need debate!" declares at DNC meeting. Gets a standing ovation. 
 Standing O for we need to be the DEMOCRATIC party  
 if you agree   
  “I am the only candidate w/ 15yrs of executive experience”    
Add your name NOW if you agree   
The truth can damn well defend herself—but she must be stated first. We must make our case, and let the people decide. 
Silence ; complacency in the face of hate is not an honorable option for our Party. Watch:  
One debate in Iowa. That’s it? One debate in New Hampshire. That's all we can afford?  
This sort of rigged process has never been attempted before.   
Happening NOW—Governor O’Malley addresses LIVE. Watch:   
The number of presidential debates should be dictated by voters—not DNC party bosses in Washington.  
The number of presidential debates should be dictated by voters—not DNC party bosses in Washington.  
Tell Hands Off Our Presidential Debates!  
Tell Hands Off Our Presidential Debates!  
WATCH: Governor O’Malley will address live, momentarily:   
  to visit    booth at 4:30 p.m. Don't miss chance to meet this progressive leader! 
Call on the DNC to allow for more debates and not to interfere with the democratic process  
Call on the DNC to allow for more debates and not to interfere with the democratic process  
Call on the DNC to allow for more debates and not to interfere with the democratic process  
"O'Malley is the kind of guy who will stay longer than anyone. answer every last question, shake every last hand." 
 Opinión: ¿Por qué estoy confrontando a Donald Trump?  por  
No country has the problem that our country has with gun violence. 
Strong decision by that I'd defend in office. Now, more workers will be able to bargain for higher wages. 
 I agree. We must say no to hate and racism. This hateful rhetoric has no place in our country. 
"His message resonated w/ the group in Windham, especially when O'Malley talked about his successful 7 years as gov.” 
“I found that a lot of my personal, progressive beliefs aligned with him, it just kept going, a huge checklist.” 
  in NH - winning over hearts and votes one handshake at a time     
  talks expanding social security, criminal justice reform, DNC debates w/  
Listen to the Governor on now: 
 At 8:20 joins in studio on to talk    
 Couldn't make it to an  house party? Watch to learn more about  
 Listening to during our  party in Ames!  
 Henry County Chair Mary Hoyer telling this  House Party why she's endorsed  
  and the crowd here in Hollis in agreement    
    
  "it's time to expand Social Security not cut it not privatize it." 
  brings Rebuilding the American Dream tour to Hollis  
Happy  Rally! 
 JOIN US TONIGHT! Find a local event near you:     
  talking  and  in Manchester  
  at in Manchester talking about  
Como Presidente, luchare para que mujeres ; hombres ganen el mismo salario por el mismo trabajo.  
As President, I'd fight to cut the pay gap. I'd continue the fight for equality in the workplace:  
We expanded family planning to low-income women,  pushed for stronger domestic violence protections. 
In Maryland, we led the way on women's rights—signing the MD Lilly Ledbetter Act, passing parental leave. 
It’s hard to believe we are still fighting for equal pay, or for a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions. 
Hoy celebramos 95 años desde que las mujeres obtuvieron el derecho a votar. Hoy, todavía enfrentan muchas injusticias. 
 celebrates 95 years ago, when women were granted the right to vote. Today, they still face too many inequalities.
 Great turnout for Martin O'Malley in Windham  today!    
  answering every question shaking every hand the New Hampshire way  
  bringing the Rebuilding the American Dream tour to Portsmouth!  
Yet another call for more debates—granite staters deserve to hear from the candidates.  
  kicking off our Rebuilding the American Dream Tour in Windham  
 WATCH LIVE: at house party in New Hampshire - unscripted retail politics!    
 Our superstar volunteer Maria getting all set up for in Windham!  
 is live-streaming our house party in Windham. Watch:   
Senseless. Awful. My thoughts are with the entire family. -O'M 
 New Hampshire! The Rebuilding the American Dream tour kicks off today in Windham. See you there!  
 From Grassroots Effort Chugging Along, Holding 30 House Parties Wednesday 
Me alegra saber que trabajadores de salud finalmente serán elegibles para el salario mínimo. 
 BOOM. That's what I call getting things done.   
Glad health care workers will finally get minimum wage protections—everyone deserves fair pay ; respect on the job. 
 In advance of his trip to NH, lays out his plan to expand Social Security  
Read my op-ed in to ensure retirement security, let's start by expanding   
If is so tough, why does he take on minimum wage workers? Why does he scapegoat New Americans?
The Rebuild the American Dream Tour is coming to NH tomorrow. Search for events in your area here:  
HBD As President, I’ll commit to protecting our public lands.   
America is stronger when we keep families together—not break them up. 
  ‘I don’t find anything tough about Donald Trump at all’ 
Miss my appearance on this morning? Watch here:  
 Our Turn: Let the Democratic candidates debate | Concord Monitor 
 “You make America stronger by keeping families together” - on 
I’ll be live with at 9:05 —  don’t miss it! 
 READ article on support among Davenport Dems:   
 Presidential candidate first to confirm attendance at the  Presidential Candidates Forum! 
 thanks for calling attention to the  Not only do I support, I was the first to do so: 
My plan will help increase the number of Americans with adequate retirement savings by 50 percent in eight years. 
Read my op-ed in the about my plan to expand   
 Maryland Attorney General on why he’s supporting  
  "we passed comprehensive gun safety legislation because of  
   made MD schools number 1 in the nation for 5 years in a row" 
 SHARE if you agree we need to pay overtime pay for overtime work!    
 Rep Winkler introduces at a huge event in Davenport  
  speaking about Rebuilding the American Dream in Muscatine, IA    
  receiving a warm welcome at the Keokuk AFL-CIO Labor Temple    
 Tomorrow! Maryland Attorney General will campaign on behalf of at Windems Annual Summer Social…
 
  speaking to a packed house in Fairfield, Iowa.    
 "Play of the day today in Democratic politics goes to.. - ​  
 Folks of all ages here at the Indianola Public Library to see 
 Great energy in Indianola today with on our Rebuilding the American Dream tour  
 Thank you for supporting the expansion of  
 Social Security is one of the greatest achievements of our country. Thank you for leading this fight. -O’M
What happened to “give me your tired, your poor...?" WE should be leading on refugees from Syria, Ukraine, Myanmar... 
  makes the case for expanding    
Can't wait to talk   with at their annual convention in September! -O'M
  recently released his plans for  We highlighted a few in today's graphic.  
It’s not the sky that’s falling. It’s the floor that’s falling out from under our seniors:  
How extreme is the if supporting background checks and handgun licenses makes me a menace? This is why we fight. 
We need to expand  Here is my plan to do it:  
We need to expand Social Security benefits to provide a foundation for a more secure retirement. Read my op-ed: 
Like what you heard at  Join our campaign for  today:  
 Standing ovation for at  
 This party is already yours.   He just owned the room at 
 "I want you all to be DNC delegates!...within these halls are the leaders of the Dem. Party" 
 The symbol of your America is not barbed wire and chain link fence. It's the Statue of Liberty.   
 Democratic candidate for President and fmr Gov. addresses the   convention 
 "Fear and anger didn't build this country and don't solve problems"    
  addressing all of us in attendance at  
 LIVE on   candidate speaking to  
Have a debate question of your own? Ask here—I’ll answer the most popular ones in the coming weeks:  
Signed. Jon Stewart moderating or not,   
Gracias a de la por la oportunidad de hablar con ella sobre los temas mas importantes. 
  
 Don’t miss in NH - signup today!   
Thanks for recognizing that workers should be able to unionize ; efforts won't go unnoticed:
 Governor will be in Portsmouth next Wednesday for a BBQ. Details and RSVP are available here: 
Full house at our tech ; gov. panel w/ ; more.  
 Great  discussion with  
  challenges ; opportunities in innovation economy 
 HAPPENING NOW! 
 Dem presidential candidate is about to start tech discussion at in SF 
 "Right here in Clear Lake, Iowa...you can hear the excitement...from the Martin O'Malley supporters."–CNN  
I will be this AM with and others to talk about improving public service through technology.
 Glad to see a full house for New Leadership Reception in San Francisco! We're 
 who just pitched a civic tech platform in front of presidential candidate THESE GUYS //cc: 
 Thank you for allowing us to pitch at   in  
 Incredible night at the Hall in  listening to 
Via watch our San Francisco start-up pitch contest LIVE on  
 LIVE on  LIVE in SF w Dem 2016 candidate campaign event w tech ; Millennials  
 Happy to have our judge a civic tech startup pitch contest tonight w/ ; others! 
 Fantastic pitch for at   for  w/ …
Great crowd at tonight’s event in San Francisco! Excited to hear pitches from eight dynamic start-ups.  
 White House candidate listens to tech startup pitches at The Hall in San Francisco 
 Ready to pitch for  at startup civic tech competition!  
 SHARE if you agree that we need to hold  accountable!   
 Elaine believes in  .She backs  to  week she hits the phones 4 
Millions benefited from his work. He was selfless and driven to advance equity for all. RIP Rep. Stokes, founder. -O’M
If we want our economy to grow, we need to treat our workers with dignity and respect. 
 latest for  O'Malley is taking the battle to Trump's front door 
 Governor gives the Trump workers a shoutout for their strength and courage. 
 Thanks for coming to our convention  
 "Our economy is not Money, Our Economy is People" 
 We must raise the minimum wage to $15/hr wherever and whenever we can.
 "Let's get workers out of the shadows and pass comprehensive immigration reform now." 
 "Americas strength relies on an upwardly mobile ever growing middle class"  
 Tony's writing letters saying why he supports Check out his story:   
 Trump workers thank for supporting their fight to organize at 
  says that Trump should respect his workers and treat them fairly. 
Watch LIVE:   
 Now: speaks in front of the cc 
LIVE on  Today I'm joining employees of in Las Vegas as they demand the right to organi… 
  dará conferencia de prensa a las 11:00am PT con empleados de hotel de Trump en Las Vegas  
Candidates should have more opportunities to answer questions before the NH primary—ask yours:  
Candidates should have more opportunities to answer questions before  yours:  
  brings the Rebuilding the American Dream tour to NH. More info   
  
Help us tell to get out of the way and let the voters hear from the candidates:  
You shouldn’t have to wait till Oct. for the first debate—what questions do you want answered?  
  ; talking   Thurs 
Our economy isn't money. Our economy is people. Join if you agree:   
 O'Malley pide combatir “retórica de odio” de Donald Trump  
 Good morning NH!  joins Dan Mitchell on live at 9AM to talk  Tune in 
 SHARE if you agree that we need  to make college more affordable!  
Miss my speech at the Iowa Democratic Wing Ding? Catch it here:   
 Also, tomorrow 10AM joins to talk  limited DNC debate schedule ;more  htt…
The U.N. should take responsibility for Haiti's deadly cholera epidemic. Read my op-ed: 
 Hey NH tomorrow joins Dan Mitchell on live at 9AM to talk  Tune in 
“[O'Malley] has truly demonstrated enlightened leadership as governor, and I think that’s very important."  
Progress is a choice. That's why I have laid out 15 strategic goals for our nation: 
 keeps a tally of the counties visited by 26 down and more to come!   htt…
My IA state director keeps a map of all the counties I've visited: 25 down ; many more to come this month! 
There is a humanitarian crisis happening in our own hemisphere but it's not likely you've heard of it. Read my op-ed: 
“I think [O’Malley’s] amazing,” said Monica Miller of Council Bluffs. “He’s for the people, by the people.”  
 Come meet in Portsmouth on August 26th! You can sign up here:   
 because it's the only way voters will get answers to these important questions.
Saddened to hear Julian Bond passed away—his passion, courage ; commitment to fighting for justice made an indelible mark on our world. -O'M
Catch me on in just 10 minutes at 10:40am EST where I’ll discuss  why  and more.
 Coming up at 10:30ET: former Gov on his fight for more  debates ; more – hope you’ll join us 
  in Council Bluffs supporting   Leadership   
 The stage is set, come meet and here at Baylis Park in Council Bluffs 
 This is how you follow of a great day at the  Phone Banking for    
 "Talk to our young people, they rarely believe that climate change isn't real  
  back in NH August 26 make sure you sign up at  to get the latest details 
 is an elegant wordsmith who gave a passionate speech at the  tonight. 
 Working the crowd  
 As always- sticking around to meet ; talk to Iowans after  It's an  rule. 
 Meet ; greet with after the  dinner 
 Here's Berkley Bedell, former Iowa Congressman, who backed today   
 Enjoy the  speech? Ready for  Join us today: 
“If a bank is too big to fail, too big to jail, ; too big to manage...it’s too damn big, ; it needs to be broken up before it breaks us up."
  "a strong middle class is the cause of economic growth."  
  is third presidential candidate speaking tonight but he hits all the right notes ; excites  htt…
 "Instead of cutting Social Security, we must expand Social Security." 
 We must return to the economic justice of paying overtime pay for overtime work!   
"We fought for the DREAM Act, we fought for Marriage Equality—and we won.” Watch live:  
"We froze college tuition four years in a row to make college more affordable for every family. Actions, not words.” 
 Going to college shouldn't burden people with crushing debt for a lifetime tells  crowd 
Happening NOW, Governor O’Malley addresses the crowd:    
  hitting the stage at 8pm to talk  ;   
Tune in at 9pm EST for my  speech in Iowa!    
 Creative signage from these guys outside the Iowa Democratic Wing Ding Dinner  
 showing the love for  
 He might be behind Clinton in polls, but matching in big event presence  
  son Will leading chants for his dad outside Wing Ding Dinner  
 The excitement is surreal      
 Team out in forces here in Clear Lake for the   
El Seguro Social es uno de los logros mas grandes de la nación, hay que expandirlo. 
 Excited to be at the Iowa Wing Ding with today in Clear Lake 
 party leader understands why   if you’re with us: 
  responds "it's amazing what you can get done when executives talk to those doing the jobs"  
 Thanks for your support, and for committing to caucus for   
 Grace Rocked it at   Dad has a great understanding of the arts and culture  thank you!
  speaking at a roundtable on the rights of children    
 My artistic influences: waters of the Chesapeake Bay and the kids of the city of Baltimore. 
 Eradicating poverty is hard. Feeding a child is simple. 
 So excited to be talking w/ Gov about rebuilding the American Dream for our kids ; families! 
 Full table w/ ; Every Child Matters in Cedar Rapids on  to Rebuild American Dream  
Happy 80th birthday  protect the most vulnerable among us, and should be expanded. -O’M
Historic day ; for these 3 marines—looking forward to greater collaboration ; cooperation w/ our neighbor 
 Good read: Unveils Blueprint for 'American Dream' Dream' 
 After huge success at IA State Fair swings by Des Moines field office to thank phone bankers  
  
 Great buzz in the office calling our neighbors about 15 Goals to Rebuild the American Dream 
 Phone banking here at headquarters for  
 Chants of "O'Malley" as leaves the Soapbox stage after energetic speech ; Q;A  
 "Ours is the party that will rebuild the American Dream. And make the promise real again for all Americans!"  
A new era of American progress calls for a new agenda to rebuild cities as places of justice ; opportunity for all. 
 is definitely drawing in spectators at the Iowa State Fair bc of booming voice and energy.  
Watch live:  
“We make our own destiny.”      
  kicks off his speech at  "Progress is a choice."   
  has the loudest cheering crowd of today's Soapbox speeches  
WATCH LIVE, Governor O’Malley speaks at the  soapbox:  
 Large crowd out for turn on Soapbox, many with signs, seems well-organized  
The crowd is gathering for O’Malley at the  soapbox! WATCH LIVE @ 5pm EST   
 An Iowan stops us at  "I was so impressed with CitiSTAT, and you measuring results."   htt…
 Crowd starting to fill up for soap box!  
  at  – LIVE at 5pm ET on C-SPAN  
 It's the Reichardt family slide with and fam!  
 "It was everything we thought it would be ; more," says upon descent from the Giant Slide.  
  and his kids Will and Grace went down the giant slide at    
  and his family heading to top of Reinhardt Family Slide at    
 An hour before  appearance, supporters already claiming most of the chairs.  
  hearing about 3D printing tech at  
  stops by to greet at their booth at  
  arrives at w/ son William and daughter Grace.  
 It's IA state fair time with Vols out in full force  
 O´Malley presenta 15 metas para "reconstruir el Sueño Americano"  
Katie and I are keeping President Carter and his family in our thoughts and prayers. - O'M
These 15 goals are grounded in a more just ; forward-thinking vision for the U.S. Read more—&gt;  
  announces 16-city tour of Iowa  
 WATCH speaks at  soapbox! LIVE @ 4pm                        
No te pierdas mi articulo en sobre la necesidad de reformar nuestro sistema migratorio. 
I will put new ideas, bold approaches, and measurable results front and center in how we govern—read more on 
 Happening now Mayor on  talking bold progressive vision for America …
Our country needs new solutions and bold ideas—today, I am releasing my 15 goals to Rebuild the American Dream.  -O'M
 On says: “The people of New Hampshire deserve more than 1 debate” before their primary…
I'll be on this morning at 8:30am ET. Tune in! 
 Will O'Malley brings in another supporter for Davenport is ready for   
 William O'Malley campaigning for his father,   
Our country needs  to honestly assess our broken criminal justice system and put forward solutions: 
Details matter —&gt;   // via 
Words AND actions matter. ¡Gracias,  
We have a moral obligation to act immediately and aggressively to stop climate change.  
Somos una nación generosa y compasiva. No deberíamos encarcelar a mujeres y niños refugiados.  
 Happening now: joins to talk about his bold, progressive vision for America. 
Working families have gone too long without an increase in the minimum wage.  
Come by to chat w/ me ; tech leaders from and more. 
  questions legality of Democratic National Committee's debate plan:  (Getty) 
Great column by some local Granite Staters on why  
No better time to join the campaign than right now: 
I believe now more than ever we need criminal justice reform. We can ; need to do better. Read ; share my plan today: 
  on "I think we can all agree the people of NH deserve more than 1 debate.” 
  says the DNC limiting debates for Democratic candidates is 'undemocratic.' - staff
I’ll be live on at 12:25 EDT, make sure to tune in. 
Our prayers are w/  today—last night's events reinforce the urgent need for strong criminal justice reform. 
We must do more than just  Brown—we must act. And as President, I will act, because  -O’M
My grand-dog Mila helped out at today's phone banking, inviting people to the state fair!    
 Rep Prichard introduces in Charles City, commending his record on public education in MD  
 3 for 3 on packed crowds out to see with our final stop of the day in Charles City, IA  
  meeting folks in Grundy Center  
 Carol introduces says "track record is 100%. Last candidate I introduced was  
 Full house here in Grundy Center with talking about how to rebuild the American Dream.  
 Electric crowd in Ft. Dodge for this morning!   
 Large crowd welcoming Gov. O'Malley! 
La compasión y generosidad nos definen como nación.  ¿Porque se rehusa a liberar a los niños y mamas refugiados? 
The US is a welcoming, compassionate country yet we insist on jailing vulnerable women and children. Why didn't 
 I do hope that the DNC allows for more then one presidential debate in NH. It's the Democratic thing to do.
No vi el  pero me dicen que estuvo muy entretenido.  Tendría mas debates entre demócratas. -O'M 
Didn’t see the  but heard it was entertaining.  Have more democratic debates. -O'M 
  doesn't just hold progressive values, he has record of getting them done. Like marriage equality in MD. 
Marriage equality is a human right, not a state right.  
As Governor, I signed marriage equality into law and extended anti-discrimination laws to transgender MD’ers.  
 With every answer at the  my respect and support for grows.    
 Let’s talk about women! FACT: Under Maryland was Ranked  In Businesses Owned By Women.  
We must rein in Wall Street. I call on every candidate to commit to these four principles.   
I am in favor of reinstating Glass-Steagall, and I am in favor of putting cops on the beat on  
Necesitamos expandir el Seguro Social con orgullo y con firmeza.   
We need to expand  and we need to be unabashed about it.   
 MD schools were  in the nation 5 years in a row under  
Hey after eight miserable years of George W. Bush, America needed  
Como Gobernador de Maryland, yo luche para convertir el Sueño Americano en una realidad para todos.  
   
In Maryland, we didn’t wait for the federal gov to act, we passed our own DREAM Act.  
We need to get 11M people out of the shadow economy and the shadow society, and into the light of full participation.  
In MD we didn’t scapegoat New Americans—we passed the DREAM Act ; drivers licenses for New Americans.  
In MD I signed the Family Planning Works Act, giving 35k low-income women access to free pregnancy counseling.  
What Would O’Malley Do? In MD, he put the goal of a stronger middle class at the center of every decision. 
 "You want wages to go up? You got to make it easier for people to join unions" at AFL-CIO 
 bringing back some liveliness in the room with enthusiastic intro speech at the Iowa AFL-CIO forum. 
The number of presidential debates should be dictated by voters—not in Washington.  
Hey hands off our debates! You're not in charge. They should be set by the voters, not folks in DC. 
A constitutional amendment would give courts the authority to end voter suppression efforts ; protect the integrity of our democracy. 
We need a solution to guarantee the right to vote for all Americans, once and for all.  
In 2013,  gutted the  ; opened the door for restrictive voting laws. Since then, 29 states have curtailed this fundamental right.
Nothing is more fundamental to our sacred democracy than the right to vote. But progress is not permanent—we must keep fighting. 
 Here Are 15 Things You Won't Hear At Tonight's GOP Debate  via
  criticizes Democratic National Committee for limiting 2016 debates.  
40M+ Americans don’t get paid time off—glad is leading by example w/ required paid leave for contractors: 
via   
 if you agree, and tell  
We need to have not just one debate, not just two, but many. Because they will shape the future of the country we give our kids. -O’M (2/2)
 think they can limit the number of debates we’re going to have before the Iowa caucuses…(1/2)
  arrives for the opening of his new Cedar Rapids office.  
 Great crowd in Cedar Rapids with opening our new field office this afternoon!  
 Jean is so excited to caucus for she got me more fired up!   
Growing injustice ... threatens to tear our country apart. writes about my visit to South Carolina. 
 More and more folks committing to caucus for in Iowa City. Hungry for   
 Members of our field team are proud to join and   
I agree with this editorial, children do not belong in prison. 
 LIVE on  NOW LIVE: with Governor   
 Chairman and Governor getting ready for  
 Coming up shortly: live with 
I applaud Clean Power rules. I’m proud of what we did in MD to be on track to meet them—but we must do more. 
Voices for justice never die. Voices for justice will always resonate. Read my plan here: 
 A Democratic presidential candidate just offered 2016’s boldest voting rights proposal yet 
 Estamos listos para ayudar a  con acciones, no palabras. Gracias por la bienvenida.
 First on CNN: to call for a voting rights constitutional amendment  
  
The Constitution does not affirmatively secure the right to vote—let’s change that together:  
As we approach the 50th anniversary of the  I am calling for a constitutional amendment to protect every citizen’s right to vote. -O’M
 WATCH LIVE: Martin O'Malley South Carolina 20/20 leaders of tomorrow roundtable 
 CNN: O'Malley's criminal justice plan: Abolish death penalty, reclassify marijuana 
 provee servicios medicos a millones de mujeres. Votación para recortar fondos es un error.  si estas de acuerdo 
 provides critical health care services to millions of women. Today's vote to defund is wrong.  to stand with me ; 
This land is your land, this land is my land, from California to the Puerto Rican Islands.
No American surrenders their dignity because of the color of their skin. 
Puerto Ricans are citizens ; should be treated equally—I’ll continue to urge U.S. govt to provide the flexibility PR needs to pay its debts.
During my visit to  this weekend, I saw firsthand how their debt crisis ; unequal treatment have left the economy reeling. (1/2)
 debe responder al Tribunal de EE.UU. y liberar a las madres/niños refugiados en campos de internamiento. 
 should respond to the district court appropriately: release refugee mothers ; kids from internment camps. 
 Martin O’Malley calls for criminal justice overhaul amid racial tensions.  
 Team excited to be talking about at Nashua Farmers Market!   
 clean power plan is a great step fwd, ; I’d expand it to cover large emission sources beyond power plants. 
 In the face of default, Martin O'Malley makes Puerto Rico a priority  
 Excelente conversación con el precandidato presidencial de EE.UU, en la Placita de Santurce. JP 
 AHORA hablo con el precandidato democrata a la presidencia de EEUU Detalles 5pm 
  checking out spread in "we have obligation to help our fellow citizens" htt…
 Martin O’Malley just unveiled his bold plan to fix the criminal justice system  
If you do not believe this, you are not qualified to run a city—or wear a badge ; carry a gun.  
 EBONY's spoke with on his criminal justice reform plan ; more:  
 “There is no such thing as a spare American.” The outline of criminal justice reform plan is here. 
 Gov O'Malley just released the most comprehensive policing and criminal justice reform agenda I've seen. Must read: 
We must work to build trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve.  
We need a reinvestment and rehabilitation framework for America’s criminal justice system. Here’s mine: 
  we can become a more just and compassionate nation and people. There is more that unites us than divid…
  every story reminds us that Americans of color endure a constant state of vulnerability, even when the…
Tune in LIVE as Gov. O’Malley speaks  
286 years ago today,  was founded.  to another great day in our history, first superbowl win: 
 Still time to sign up for our Learn More Lunches.   
Hace 50 años LBJ creo  para q personas de bajos ingresos pudieran ser saludables. Debemos protegerlo, especialmente en 
50yrs ago LBJ created  ;  to keep low-income ; elderly ppl healthy—we must protect these benefits, esp. now in 
 Folks excited to commit to caucus for at house party in Iowa City!   
 provides essential health care services to millions of women across America. We should stand up to efforts to defund it. -O’M
Wow—even followed my call to stop big banks from gambling taxpayer $ ; reinstate  All candidates should agree.
 Pete Spanos just emailed saying why he’s standing with sign up at   
 is exciting people in Iowa! Here's what some folks are saying.   
Every candidate should be willing to stand up to Wall Street and commit to these four goals. 
 for days.   
Great crowd at our young professionals happy hour in DC!  
 is right to ask that  be able to file for bankruptcy. We must care for all our citizens. Next up: healthcare equity.
We've officially visited every county in New Hampshire!    
Nuestros conciudadanos en  necesitan ayuda y atención. Emocionado de visitar y escuchar sus historias: 
Our fellow citizens in  need help ; attention. Looking fwd to visiting ; listening to them this weekend: 
Not just “what to expect,” but what I support and will accomplish. Check out my full plan:  
 I'm pleased that Sen and Gov are supporting bill to slow down the Wall St…
   
 if you're with me.   
Today, in front-page headlines:   
I’m opposed to  bc we can't have a clean energy future if we rely on dirty, short-term fossil fuel fixes. 
 comments on the Iran deal are offensive ; overlook this reality: Rep. policies have led us into 12yrs of conflict. -O’M
Taking questions from every reporter, big and small.  
 . to packed house in Lebanon "we must raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour wherever and whenever we can" 
 Packed house of Lebanon Dems to hear  
  challenges White House rivals on Glass-Steagall 
 Meet today? Join us for a Learn More Lunch with staff  
 "Our economy is not money. Our economy is people. We must never forget that."   
 O'M in Keene: "Too big to fail? Too big to jail? And apparently too big to manage! We need to reinstate Glass-Steagall no…
  speaking about  in Keene this afternoon!  
 Standing ovation for after a rousing speech.  
"American students need Governor O'Malley to become President O’Malley”-   
 Lots of people out in Knoxville to listen to speak about   
 Two local High School Seniors ready to start working for   
 Huge crowd in Knoxville ready for  and excited to meet this afternoon.   
  talking immigration reform ; the power of collective bargaining at the Hockensmith picnic!  
  interrupted by applause in Des Moines while calling to  to $15 an hr.  
 We can’t just sit by and wait for another tragedy to happen again, writes in 
 In today’s writes: Let’s relieve college students of the burden of debt 
  decided to serenade the Beaverdale crowd   
 Iowan at Beaverdale pub tells O'Malley: You were on fire at hall of fame dinner. I see you breaking out to the front o…
 The neighborhood many called Obamadale in 2008 turns out strong again tonight for   
Campaigning the  way, with Q;A.  
Great crowd in  for O’Malley!  
 Overflow crowd excited for in Beaverdale!  
  keynote to AFSCME convention gets big cheer for his record ; call for national $15 min wage  
 Standing ovation for state convention! Thank you for having us! 
  gets a warm welcome from state convention 
 Proud to endorse my friend and mentor for President 
Excited to have support—someone who knows what  can accomplish:  
  taking questions caucus candidate forum   
  says his favorite State Fair food is pork chop-on-a-stick. Agree  
 As always, taking time to talk to Iowans one on one after  forum. 
  says many Dems claim progressive issues, but he's only one w/ "15 years of executive exp" of "getting t…
  said our parents and grandparents understood “our economy isn’t money. Our economy is people.”  
  notes he's been to 19 of Iowa's 99 counties in the 40 days he's been a candidate  
Starting NOW! O’Malley speaks Watch live:  
 Big turnout at the Des Moines Partnership forum to hear plan to rebuild American Dream.  
 Daniel from New Hampton is excited to support   
It's simple,  citizenship is a human right. 
 es simple: la ciudadania es un derecho humano. 
 Follow along for updates on the event today. 
  event today! speaking at the State Historical Building at noon.  
Movie theaters, schools, places of work ; worship should be safe spaces, free from guns and gun violence. Praying for Lafayette today. -O’M
Shoutout to and their efforts to  in Johnson County, Iowa! 
 It hasn't borne fruit yet, but is doing a lot of smart things in his campaign.  
via “O’Malley details plan on Wall Street reform. All candidates should do the same.” 
Join us in telling these guys that climate change is a serious threat we should not ignore.  
 think my remarks on climate change make me "a waste of an apostrophe"? Here's the waste: 
 racism has no place in Congress. H.R.3009 is knee-jerk policy that scapegoats New Americans. We can and must do better.
I proudly support the new LGBT civil rights bill—we must continue to fight for a more open, respectful ; inclusive nation.  -O’M
I’ll bring real enforcement ; oversight to agencies ; depts like 
  talks about passing a minimum wage increase in Maryland. "Some called it economic populism. I called it…
Three, commit to not appoint to key positions those who were the architects of dereg. Four, put in place real deterrents on Wall St. (2/2)
Every Dem. candidate should embrace four key Wall Street reforms: One, reinstitute Glass-Steagall. Two, close the revolving door. (1/2)
 O'Malley: "We need to put the cops back on the street where Wall Street is concerned."
LIVE on   and I continuing to discuss the urgent need for Wall Street reforms.  
Speaking now about the importance of Wall Street reform—first, we must pass a modern version of Glass-Steagall. WATCH 
LIVE on   and I discuss the urgent need for additional Wall Street reforms.  
  speaking at  Candidate Series Sponsors:  
 Good read in the Chicago Tribune about Friday night's HOF about  
Congrats to NY workers! A big victory, but we can’t stop until workers everywhere make at least $15/hr.  
We sent this to supporters ; guess what? A lot of them believe in science, too. You with them?  
Our economy is not money, our economy is people. 
There is an indisputable link between climate change and our national security:  
Inspiration today comes from LA County. Let's keep fighting so every worker gets $15 an hour ; a union.  
 ICYMI our field director gives 3 quick tips how you can get involved today.  
  
 WATCH: Field Director gives 3 quick ways you can get involved with our campaign 
El domingo fuí a con ¿Te lo perdiste? Veélo aqui: 
As Pres., I’ll strengthen Dodd-Frank, reinstitute Glass-Steagall ; work tirelessly to hold Wall Street accountable. 
 Our state director is talking about our NH campaign w/group from that stopped by today!  
Happy anniversary Dodd-Frank: you aren't strong enough, but don’t worry, I won't let up on Wall Street reform. 
It was important I be ; to be a part of the  conversation. I’m not done listening: 
 Find out more   
La apertura de marca un capitulo histórico entre EE.UU.-Cuba. Las acciones, no las palabras, importan. 
 opening marks an historic chapter in U.S.-Cuba relations. Actions, not words, matter most. 
 Mary Rauh sent out an email explaining why she’s proud to support Read here   htt…
  Update: to make 5 stops in NH on 7/26-7/27. 
  will be back in NH Sunday ; Monday; he's stopping in Concord, Keene, Claremont, Lebanon ; Berlin 
 The voices of this impt movement are loud ; clear. I'm committed to continuing this conversation. 
 Missed conversation with undocumented Arizonans? Watch here  
 "We are made better by every generation of new American immigrants." on  "we need each other to …
 "Real leadership not just supporting  but also executive action 2 protect families" 
 speaking to local people affected by immigration system while here in AZ.we just want to be heard. 
 "I will make sure as President our  system is not about breaking families apart" 
  meeting with  Thank you to all the  people who came to see us @ such a great org. 
 at immigration caucus  
 Presidential candidate speaking at  immigration caucus 
Meeting with progressive voices and writers Great conversation on the issues.  
  is now hanging out with the crowd  
Everyone deserves a voice.  I WILL promote a racial justice agenda as president. -O'M  
 "I've been calling for an expansion of social security benefits for quite a long time" 
"You have put out the most specific ; the broadest immigration plan of any candidate this cycle." -  
I believe as a nation we must be raising the minimum wage to $15/hour whenever and wherever we can.  
  is up w/  
 "...we need to find ways to take actions that actually allow ; empower our people to participate more fu…
Ready. Love this crowd!   
Ready for Watch LIVE - the  will begin shortly:   
 gave "a soaring speech about traditional progressive values he hopes to restore the American dream.” 
  fans chanting outside after the Iowa Democratic Party Hall of Fame Dinner 
 I will say, has the interpersonal skills and stamina. He's closing down the joint. 
 if you're with us. Then, join our campaign for new leadership:   
 Thank you O'Malley for standing up for the 11 million undocumented immigrants    
 Great speech !!!!!
 Great speech from as he leaves the stage to chants of "O'Malley!"  
 A standing ovation for 
  at  "Make it easier for every American to join a  and collectively bargain!!" 
Actions, not words. Let's take action to raise the minimum wage to 15 an hour whenever and wherever we can. 
 "Let's take action to raise the minimum wage to 15 an hour whenever and wherever we can" 
When women succeed, America succeeds.    
I am the only candidate for President with 15 years executive experience.   
 A large ovation for as he takes the stage in Cedar Rapids 
 Listen to that crowd!!  is excited to hear from 
Moments away from O'Malley's remarks at the hall of fame dinner! Watch LIVE:  
 Everybody should watch speak at the  dinner tonight!   
 These Iowans are ready for  with  
O'Malley has arrived!  
 Team MD in Iowa for   
T-minus two hours until the hall of fame dinner! Watch live:   
Great to be back in Iowa. See you tonight  
 All ready to talk and  w/ Dems at IDP Hall of Fame!  
 Great welcome for in Washington, IA today! Ready for   
Full room in Washington.  
Shaking every hand in Washington, Iowa!  
"I am in favor of re-instituting Glass-Steagall ; putting more cops on the beat on Wall Street."  
"Other candidates haven't addressed [immigration] as fully as Gov. O'Malley..." - IA resident Tom Leffler   
Why I'm running for President.  
Meeting and speaking with caucus-goers in Burlington this morning!  
 Greeting in Burlington, County Chair Sandy Dockendorf says "welcome to our county!"  
Full house in Ottumwa, IA ready to talk immigration ; new leadership!  
 200 Days till Iowans will stand up in 1682 precinct caucuses for  
Leadership is about forging public consensus—not following it. We must raise the min. wage to $15/hour.  
  doing retail politics the  way, at pharmacy. 
Another  event, another volunteer signup! Join the team today:   
Sandra, community leader, "we need to bring everyone into the workforce. Everyone."   
"We need a better way of assessing our economic needs - I'd create an independent agency to set immigration policy." 
Watch LIVE: our roundtable with immigration activists in Des Moines, discussing the importance of immigration reform. 
11M people live ; work in an underground economy--we must bring them into the light of a fully participatory America. 
 Kicking off in Des Moines: laying out his comprehensive plan w/ IA immigration leaders  
In Des Moines with local immigration activists ; community leaders discussing O'Malley's plan for immigration reform. 
 200 Days Till Caucus Doors Close! Come meet at an event near you!   
Campaign briefing from the candidate after a great few days forging new leadership on immigration reform. 
  to I think your immigration plan is 'the most inclusive and progressive so far' 
As Governor of Maryland, I fought to make the American Dream a reality for all.   
As Pres. I will take immediate action to extend relief to millions of new American families:  
Read my op-ed in must come together to make immigration reform a reality:   
 ICYMI: talks big issues with last night. Watch the clip here  
Planet or no planet, the  was a landmark achievement in space exploration. Congrats to all in MD ; beyond who played their part.
   
 Tune in to  now for her interview with  on msnbc! 
Catch me on with in just 15 minutes at 9:30pm EST discussing my campaign for  
Why do I think ACA coverage should apply to more New Americans? Watch:  
Tenet 2: because families should be able to stay together.   
Tenet 1 of my immigration plan?  Provide deferred action to the greatest possible number of  
 Martin O'Malley pledges to go further than President Obama on immigration  via
 Gob propuso hoy el plan migratorio más ambicioso entre todos los candidatos (con seguro de salud) 
 released the most inclusive immigration plan so far. Includes healthcare for undocumented immigrants. ht…
Our diversity is our strength, and I’ll always be guided by that principle.   
“Anger and fear never built a great nation. We have to focus on the beliefs that unite us and never give up.” 
 Undocumented attorney talks deep problems w detention ; criminalizing undocumented immigrants @ event 
Discussion time: tune in to our immigration roundtable live on   
Gustavo Torres, “I’m proud to say that we rescued the [refugee] kids. And it’s because of the leadership of Governor O’Malley."
Maria, a panelist at today's roundtable, speaking of her experiences and struggles with the immigration system. 
  talks about expanding DACA, covering immigrants under healthcare, ending detention for families ; closing th…
Click each image to read more details on just four of six tenets from my immigration plan:  
Happening NOW: Governor O'Malley leads a roundtable of New Americans to discuss his comprehensive immigration plan: 
LIVE on  I’m joining a group of New Americans to discuss the importance of comprehensive immigration ref… 
  backstage at  roundtable saying "let's go make our ancestors proud"  
Today I'm releasing a detailed plan for comprehensive immigration reform. Read more:  
Demonizing, hateful speech will not lead this country forward. Progressive leadership ; executive experience will. 
 says what we're all thinking: voters deserve to know each candidates' plan to stand up to Wall Street 
 Democratic candidate talks about immigration ; the positive impact of  on the economy 
Luchemos juntos para que el Sueño Americano se convierta en una realidad para todos.   
 Martin O'Malley is really making his case for my vote. He doesn't seem to just be speaking, he's showing me what he's done for…
 "When children arrive on our doorstep... we can not turn them away. Or worse, chain them up in barbwire..." -
 addresses  issues. "Boricuas have died on our battlefields. We must not let their economy colla…
 Whoa! Talking about Puerto Rico! And Deportations of Haitians in the DR! Way to get into it, ! 
 THANK YOU for addressing not just  but crises in Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic.  
  says we need to raise  ensure collective bargaining rights, and reduce college debt. 
"In Maryland, we pursued our own DREAM Act to ensure that 36,000 Dreamers could have access to affordable higher education.” 
 "Not only were we all once strangers in a strange land, but we are all in this together..."  
"The genius of our country is not so much about where you came from, it’s where you’re going—and where we’re all going, together.”
"My great grandfather had no money. His first language was not English—but the hopes ; dreams he had for his children were purely American."
Watch LIVE as Governor O’Malley speaks from the National Council of La Raza: 
Congratulations to for an amazing performance of our national anthem.  
Felicidades a por ese gran rendimiento de nuestro himno nacional.   
  sings national anthem  says: I want to meet this kid :)!!  
  greets president before his Keynote :)!!  
Bookmark this link, and at 1:30pm EST today watch my speech   
  picks up nice Iowa endorser: John Murphy explains why he's backing the Guv:  
 Drove 1 hour and got a 2 hour rain delay, but still worth it to support in Ankeney!  
Even a rain delay couldn't keep these volunteers from the parade in Ankeny! Join the team:  
 We had a great time this morning in Ankeny. Thanks to all who joined us to support  
Leticia and Vickie added their voices to my letter to Wall Street. Have you added yours?  
Miss the latest trip to New Hampshire? Check out photos, tweets, and some of the best moments:  
Other candidates are "speaking out" on guns. I'm the only one who's done something about them:  
Ofrezco un poema de solidaridad a los inmigrantes de hoy y de ayer: son la esencia de este país. 
A poem close to my heart. All Americans have talents, passions ; sacrifices we should embrace. 
 So just came out swinging hard against Wall Street and megabanks  
Tonight, ; I discussed Wall Street reform, debt-free college, my record as Governor of MD ; more. Watch: 
 Martin O'Malley said it best. If the big banks are too big to fail, then they should be broken up!
I'll be on with at 8:30pm EST tonight -- tune in.  
Via "Martin O'Malley Comes Out Swinging Hard At Wall Street"  Read the letter: 
 Just saw this op-ed from Dem. pres candidate on his climate agenda.  Good stuff: 
I’ll work tirelessly to hold Wall Street megabanks accountable—I hope other Pres. candidates will follow my lead. 
My heart goes out to the two Israeli citizens held in Gaza, and their families. They should be released immediately and unconditionally.
 On "‘He looks at people, he listens to people, he engages, he doesn’t just talk at them”- Mary Rauh 
Agree? Sign on to my letter, and use to add your own comment for Wall Street to see:  
 Thoughts on open letter to Wall Street's megabanks? Annotate it with Genius:  
Read and annotate my open letter to Wall Street’s megabanks—for too long they’ve posed enormous risks to our economy: 
70% of students face debt upon graduation. I addressed this issue in MD - now, I've announced a plan for the nation. 
 Martin O'Malley to drop a 10-page white paper on Wall Street. Goes after banks and agency heads alike 
 Great day in NH with talking   
  shaking every last hand after a great event in Concord.    
 Glad to see in Concord, NH tonight sounding like a proud democrat. "We cannot cut our way to prosperity.…
I'm proud of Grace for sharing her story. Will you share yours with us?   
  leads the crowd in one of his standbys: This Land Is Your Land. 
 Great turnout here at backyard town hall in Concord  
 "It is not the technology that is lacking, it's the political will." talking about action on  
 👀 check out plan for debt-free college ⬇️ 
 no, debt-free college is not about “free stuff.” It’s about providing opportunities for every American. 
 Thank you, for freezing college tuition for the University System of Maryland for four years! 
 Today I met and he said he will make college affordable. 
I know what worked in MD—now I’ve released my plan for the nation to make college debt-free:  
 To chase the American dream, I put myself thru law school. I'll be paying off my loans until I'm 60.
 I support comprehensive college plan. I remember my family scraping together tuition each semester then …
 Had a great conversation w/ staff about Iowa ; education. Looking forward to making education a top prior…
 Great to see true leadership on college funding. Thanks Take note 
 has the right positions, plans to implement them, and the experience to make it happen!  h…
Thanks for supporting my plan to provide debt-free college for every student. 
  froze tuition in Md. for years ; then capped hikes at 3%. Tuition fell relative to other states.    
 Solid plan all around. Even child care support for parents going back to school 
70% of students face student debt upon graduation. I addressed this in MD—today, I announced a plan for the nation: 
  talking about debt free college plan with voters at Blakes's in Manchester  
  makes an impromptu stop to meet voters at Blake's in Manchester with Alderman Dan O'Neil 
  is at the Institute this morning to discuss student debt with professors, students, and parents 
 Maryland Gov. stumps on eliminating public college student debt via 
We must not hold New Americans back from fulfilling their true potential. 
Via "Martin O’Malley Has the Right Solution for Puerto Rico’s Debt Crisis” 
I’m proud of Grace for sharing her story today. Will you share yours with us?   
 Democratic Presidential Candidate to Deliver  Keynote 
We must prevent another Wall Street meltdown from bringing down hard-working families.  
Thanks for reintroducing Glass-Steagall—it's essential in preventing another crash.
The cornerstone of American strength in the world is economic strength at home—read my foreign policy op-ed on 
 "Leadership can solve problems, it can bring people together to make progress."  -  …
 "The American Dream should be real for every family" - talking  with  
Tune in momentarily as I join live at Noon to chat about  and new leadership. 
Listen live at Noon as I join Arnie Arnesen to talk about this country's great need for new leadership! 
Check out the faces of new volunteers from Iowa to New Hampshire, and join them!   
WATCH—some key moments from Iowa this weekend:   
Cheryl quickly supported O’Malley after hearing him speak in 2014. Now, she's a volunteer in Iowa.  
Congrats to the new world champs!! Proud of  for bringing the trophy home.
  is back in New Hampshire on Wednesday! Sign up for more information  
 “The love of our red, white, and blue means we must go green”  in Clinton, IA on Independence Day. 
 Perfect way to end a successful 3-day tour -- a 4th of July picnic with Clinton County Dems ; 
From Amherst and Wolfeboro, NH to Independence and Dubuque, IA—happy Independence Day from the O'Malley team! 
 Kevin Healey in Dubuque committed to caucus for today!   
Loud and proud in the Amherst parade in New Hampshire! 
 Ready for  in wolfeboro! 
 John Murphy endorses for President of the United States in Dubuque today.  
 Sign ups continue here in Amherst for . You can sign up too   
  celebrating July 4th in Amherst! Lots of support for  and  
  with the Girl Scouts of Independence, IA say: Happy Independence Day!    
 Team at the end of today’s parade in Independence- thanks to all who walked with us!  
 Third stop of the day, talking renewable energy ; rebuilding American Dream in Waterloo  
Sing, Iowa.  
We should incentivize production of clean energy—it's better for our environment ; consumers.  
That means 60 handshakes and 60 conversations—I enjoy hearing from everyone in the room! 
  won't stop taking questions here in Newton!   
 I really like that takes the time to meet everyone in the room. No potential caucus-goer taken for gra…
 In Newton, IA talking about rebuilding the American Dream w/ quality clean energy jobs  
  meeting jasper county democrats who are excited for   
Touring the DMACC wind turbine—Iowa is leading the way in clean energy production, an example for our future. 
 After hearing him speak tonight, Dianna from West Des Moines committed to caucus for  
Wrapped up the day in Waukee—great support ; great conversations about clean energy ; jobs!   
  leading a sing along in Iowa. Packed house joining in chorus.  
  gets applause for saying that Maryland was  for women-owned businesses  
 Absolutely packed. I'm in a corner and on the tips of my toes. Folks just want to meet 
 Full house with the and  
We must square our shoulders to a clean, renewable energy future.   
 SIRE CEO to "These are steady jobs ; for our area some of the best jobs...That's important for new generation…
Discussing the products and processes around refining ethanol at  here in Council Bluffs, IA. 
  talking ethanol ; energy jobs at Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy in Council Bluffs  
  arrives at Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy in Council Bluffs to talk ethanol.  
 I agree, federal lawmakers have to allow  public corporations to restructure debt in court. 
 Estoy de acuerdo. El Congreso debe permitir que las corporaciones de  reestructuren su deuda. 
Green design, net zero homes—if we seed these investments we can create an economy with new jobs ; opportunities: 
Going to IA tomorrow—they've met the climate challenge with a jobs agenda. Watch what we discussed on my last trip:
 TY! Spanish language media is responsible for us being informed on such pressing issues. Gracias a ustedes estamos informados.
La diplomacia crea oportunidades. ;  están dando otro paso hacia adelante para fortalecer nuestra relación y el hemisferio.
Diplomacy creates opportunity. Glad to see ;  move forward with plans to strengthen our relationship ; hemisphere.
  is spending 4th of July weekend in Iowa talking about climate change ; energy. Join us! 
You can help us reach our first fundraising goal of this campaign, but we only have 1 hour left. Pitch in ; join us: 
El Congreso y la deben actuar de inmediato para evitar un colapso económico en  
Congress and the must act now to help  avoid financial collapse. 
Detentions are cruel, costly ; against our values. I commend those rallying on behalf of LGBT New Americans. 
Las detenciones son crueles, costosas y van en contra de nuestros valores. Agradezco a todos defendiendo a la comunidad LGBT.
 Thank you for supporting  ; thousands of American jobs ; investments. Read the full op-ed here: 
 Take a look at op-ed in today's We can get all our energy from renewables  
We need to respect the rights of all workers to organize ; collectively bargain— ruling on  could jeopardize that promise.
Congrats to the home care workers for leading the way! We need a $15 min wage to rebuild our middle class. 
I applaud the administrations decision to extend overtime pay for millions—an issue I've long advocated for: 
Visited the Irish Consulate in NY to sign a book of condolence for young Irish immigrants killed in a deck collapse. 
A day in the life of our field organizers ; volunteers on Check it out:   
Our economy is people, ; people deserve a leader who is not afraid of a tough challenge.  
As Gov., I helped expand laws to protect Marylanders on the basis of gender identity. Now we must expand those protections federally. 
Last week  affirmed that marriage is a human right—but discrimination against LGBT employees is still far too prevalent. 
 Here in Iowa we're asking 2016 candidates about their platform for  America. First up. 
“Our economy is not money. Our economy is people. All of our people.” Check out more moments from Iowa:  
Ending our reliance on fossil fuels would extend the lives of 200,000 Americans each year:   
Failing to limit the mercury, arsenic, and other toxins produced by our dirtiest power plants is a moral failure and a public health crisis.
Today’s  decision reinforces the need to transition to clean energy ; commit to ending our reliance on fossil fuels w/in 35 yrs.
 "our economy is not money. Our economy is people. All of our people" 
 Sun setting on a event in Ames after a great day traveling across the state!   
 Made the pilgrimage of 1.5 hours to Ames to see   
 "Now this is the fun part! Questions!" I love my candidate.    
 Big crowd for in Sioux City  
  working it at the Redfield Parade today with the Dallas County Democrats 
 Special shout out to for speaking to folks about at the Twin Cities Pride Festival  …
So excited that  to take part in the celebration!   
What a day for our country—join me in celebrating today’s decision ; thanking the advocates who helped make it happen 
Reminded of Will and his moms on the day we passed marriage equality in MD. There’s no greater human right than love. 
So grateful to the people of MD for leading the way on this important issue of human dignity and equality under the law. 
No fighter jet or troop battalion will keep us as safe as a vibrant economy, a strong democracy, ; a growing middle class. 
 "Only with a stronger, more inclusive economy can we maintain our security."  
We must amplify credible voices in the region, counter propaganda—ensure our partners have what they need to contain, degrade ; defeat ISIS.
 Amazing to hear use  as a clean energy success story at   Props to  
America can ; must lead the way by pursuing an ambitious plan that ensures our country is powered 100% by clean energy, by 2050. 
  wants 100% clean energy production in US by 2050 
Comprehensive immigration reform is both an economic and national security imperative. 
We must create a more far-sighted ; proactive foreign policy—based on engagement and collaboration, rather than going it alone. 
 "We must ask the right questions: how do we balance the use of our military, diplomatic, and economic tools?" -
   based on  Yes, sir.  
Thanks for having me—honored to speak on U.S. foreign policy, national security, ; America’s role in the world. 
Today's Fair Housing decision is an important win for justice and opportunity in our cities ; communities.  
The Affordable Care Act has helped more than 17 million Americans access quality and affordable health coverage.  
Now that this ideological attempt to stop  failed, we must redouble our efforts to bring health care to every person in this nation.
Congrats to who won better health ; safety protections. This kind of victory is what unions are about: 
As we await SCOTUS decisions on marriage equality, join us ; support  by updating your profile picture! 
 ; are showing incredible leadership with their legislation to  I hope this passes swiftly.
I’m inviting every interested Iowan to join me for a discussion this Sunday. RSVP today:  
 Good morning NH! talks w/ about  at 8:40 on listen here 
We have to do more to rein in recklessness on Wall Street. Will you join our campaign? 
We have to do more to rein in recklessness on Wall Street. Will you join our campaign? 
Progressive Values: Holding Wall St. CEOs Accountable. Will You Join Us? 
Progressive Values: Holding Wall St. CEOs Accountable. Will You Join Us? 
 profiles my climate plan, and commitment to 100% clean energy: 
I believe—within 35 yrs—our country can ; should be 100% powered by clean energy, supported by millions of new jobs: 
  is coming to western ; central Iowa on Sunday for 3 grassroots events. RSVP here: 
 Our events are open to all! Come meet in Iowa at one of our 3 public events on Sunday: 
We should not be fast-tracking bad trade deals that depress wages for American workers and send more American jobs abroad. 
What have we come to when Congress votes on bills affecting our economy, wages, jobs, ; enviro. that the rest of us aren’t allowed to read?
We owe it to our vets to provide access to the best education, health care, ; job training services—to go above ; beyond for their futures.
71 years ago today, President Roosevelt signed the GI Bill into law, and this enabled my dad, a WWII bombardier to attend college.
 Katie and I are sending our thoughts ; prayers to you and your family, and wishing you the best in overcoming this challenge.
No govt building should adorn this rallying banner for hate. Join me in saying: take it down. 
A single life in America is worth more than all the guns in the United States.
It's time that state govt officials of South Carolina retire the Confederate flag to a museum.  
 "We must rebuild America's  as places of  and  for all."  
 America must be better "we still have time to be great Americans"  
How many senseless acts of violence do we have to endure as a people before we stand up to the Congressional lobbyists of the NRA?
If families of Charleston can forgive, is it too much to ask SC state government officials to retire the Confederate flag to a museum?
If the families affected in Charleston can forgive, is it too much to ask that we do something as a nation?
Yet, out of this carnage—this despicable racial massacre, we saw the true spirit of our nation rise. We saw forgiveness.
We come together in a sad week in the life of our country. Another senseless gun massacre in America. 
Speaking now live:  
In just 30 minutes I’ll speak live to Tune in:  
Proud to be the son of a war vet, a bombardier, a brave man and dedicated lawyer. Thinking of him today, and always. 
Everyone has the right to safe schools, safe places to worship, and safe streets. You with me? 
It's time we recognize this is a national crisis. It's time we say what we're all thinking: this is not the America we want to be living in.
I’m pissed. We're asking what it will take to stop this violence? We must stop asking: we must act now, as a nation. 
 Coming up...  
I'll be on at 7:30 this morning to discuss the tragedy in South Carolina -- tune in.
 is facing a healthcare crisis. We must act before thousands lose coverage:  
My heart goes out to the victims of this tragedy ; their loved ones. Katie ; I are keeping Charleston ; the AME community in our prayers.
 Is this a formal invite? I can take them!
The U.S. must show moral leadership—we cannot turn our backs on Haitians persecuted in the Dominican Republic: 
 Our office at 223 S. Willow in Manchester is open. Come check us out  
Putting the final touches on our Manchester office! Hope to see you there soon:  
Ed from Davenport, IA joined our campaign for  Get on board:  
We made marriage equality the law of the land. Join our progressive campaign today! 
We made marriage equality the law of the land. Join our progressive campaign today! 
We have to do more to reign in recklessness on Wall Street. Will you join our campaign? 
We have to do more to reign in recklessness on Wall Street. Will you join our campaign? 
Progressive Values: Holding Wall St. CEO's Accountable. Will You Join Us? 
Progressive Values: Holding Wall St. CEO's Accountable. Will You Join Us? 
Over 80 years ago today, Glass-Steagall was signed into law. We must work now to reinstate it. 
Glad to have Peter on our team as we fight for the progressive values that will move our nation forward.  
 In Marshalltown, fired up progressives with a focus on the economy. 
Now is the time for leadership. I know where I stand on TPP—stand with me:  
For the thousands whose jobs are on the line with TPP, fast track is not a 'process' issue: it’s a vote on their future ; their livelihood.
Miss out on some of our trip to Iowa? We’ve put it all together for you:   
Let's Rebuild The American Dream Together. Join Our Campaign! 
New Leadership. Progressive Values. Join Our Campaign! 
New Leadership. Progressive Values. Join Our Campaign! 
Let's Rebuild The American Dream Together. Join Our Campaign! 
Happy Anniversary  Thanks to the DREAMers ; New Americans working to bring our immigrants out of the shadows. 
Big crowds in Portsmouth yesterday at Market Square Day—and some great celtic tunes on the guitar.  
  clearly enjoys meeting people ; the press. Joyful and smart on the trail.    
Thanks, Ian!  
 "We've got to go bigger, bolder" on  - commits to full funding of  
Stopped by in Manchester to thank them for their service.  
 Governor O'Malley in Dover --- shaking every hand 
Our economy is people, ; people deserve a leader who is not afraid of a tough challenge.   
  talking  and enjoying some fro-yo here in Dover!    
 Taking questions and meeting voters. The New Hampshire way.  
 A little Celtic music at Portsmouth market square days  
 Martin O'Malley with Portsmouth Dems at Market Square Day   
 Great to see here in portsmouth.
Signing up volunteers in Portsmouth!    
The people of Iowa expect to have a conversation. Yesterday, we had a few:   
I’m returning to New Hampshire tomorrow, and I want to meet you. RSVP today:  
Share this far and wide—Congress should not vote on a trade deal that Americans are not allowed to read. 
Clip from the road: speaking to the Hawkeye Labor Council in Cedar Rapids, IA about  and   
 Good retail politician.  recognized me from past event. Proud to commit to   
From Marshalltown, to Mt. Vernon ; Iowa City, it was an incredible day meeting supporters ready for  
  shakes every hand in room. Stands on chair to speak. 
 Listening to speak tonight in Iowa City. Great opportunity to get involved and listen for 2016.
 Thanks so much to the Willems Family for hosting ; 80+ Iowans in their home tonight!   
Looking at a room of supporters in Mt. Vernon ready to commit to caucus for   
Taking questions in Mt. Vernon, IA at a packed house party!    
  standing room only at this full house! Lots of excitement for 
 Rep Nate Willems now introducing in Mt Vernon at another packed house in Iowa!   
 College students for going strong in Marshalltown  
  in Marshalltown spoke ; took questions from more than 65 Iowans    
Packed house in Marshalltown, IA for  conversation going on the porch!  
 Greeting people who weren't able 2get a spot inside house Rain is pretty heavy. Living room packed ht…
 Great crowd in Marshalltown as arrives!  
 While her Mom ; Dad prepare to host in Marshalltown, Fiona guards the snack table  
 come out to one of our events today! Or, sign up to volunteer here: 
 First road trip with the  IA team. Ready for 3 great events with today!  
 Come meet tonight 321 3rd st sw Mt Vernon   
 a very early picture with my parents—proud Americans of German and Irish descent.  
Looking forward to being on tomorrow at 8am! Tune in:  
 Francestown's Democratic Chair Lawrie Barr is ready for    
It is not fair, nor right, nor just that people who play by the rules face this reality:  
This is historic:  commits to decarbonization. We must continue to lead—do better, do more—on  
Excited to return to Iowa tomorrow! Hope to see you there:   
Adding to our campaign playlist (on repeat):    
 The U.S. government – and the next president – needs to take cybersecurity seriously, writes 
 Great meeting with Wendy in Dover today. It was fun to talk about  and    
 Ready for visit on Thursday? RSVP for the events in Marshalltown, Mt Vernon ;Iowa City 
Maryland’s record of achievement on cybersecurity issues provides a path forward for the nation:  
This Thursday, I'm coming to Iowa for a few house parties—join me:   
A new agenda is urgently needed to improve our nation’s cybersecurity. Read my op-ed in  
  RFD talks w/ Nashua City Dems about  ;  tonight  
  State Director talking w Rockingham County Dems about  ;   
¡Hoy lancè mi pagina en español! Unete a nuestra campaña para   
I’ll work to pass comprehensive immigration reform within my first 100 days in office.  if you’re with me. 
As Governor, O’Malley raised MD’s min. wage ; passed a living wage for contractors. Read more about his record: 
It's simple: I support a $15 minimum wage for hard-working Americans. Full stop.   
We love our volunteers! Great day at the Waukee parade—join our Iowa team here:  
  Deputy State Dir talks about  and  with Manchester Dems this AM 
No child should go to school hungry ; be left behind. BIG step in Baltimore to give free meals to ALL students: 
We cannot continue to keep 11 million people living in a shadow economy:  
"O’Malley remained steadfast in painting himself as a candidate of the people looking to save the American Dream" 
  instituted early voting, established online voter registration ;same-day registration for early voters.…
  believes voting is a sacred right and that we should be making it easier for people to vote, not harder…
 I'll never forget the day we signed this bill for Maryland—a day for human dignity.   
 !Gracias y nos vemos pronto!
Wage-gap, trade, immigration, Wall Street: issues that affect us all. I'm thankful I had the chance to talk about them with today!
Tune in to see my discussion with the now! 
We're giving away  bumper stickers! Get yours free, today:  
 We want  to rebuild the American Dream. Find out more ; sign up  
I'm proud the Supreme Court upheld civil rights and equal employment for ALL Americans: 
  greets voters in New Hampshire this past Sunday 
We're  today, for the more than 33,000 people who will fall victim to gun violence this year. 
"O'Malley is now public enemy  in the halls of Goldman Sachs." Good to hear. I'm not running for them: 
 Iowa was first stop after launching his presidential campaign. Read more: 
Our grassroots teams in Iowa and New Hampshire are on Twitter! Follow them for updates on how to get involved: ;
There is no such thing as a spare American:  
Snapshots from New Hampshire.    
We've got a long way to go, but it'll be more fun if we work together. Join us:   
He raised the minimum wage in MD ; helped lower income taxes for 86% of Marylanders—read more about Martin's record: 
Joining to talk vital importance of Latino ; immigration issues in 2016. Tune in to @ 6:30! 
Miss the big announcement this weekend? Find out why Martin’s running:   
Joining now to discuss  and need to rebuild American Dream 
I'll be on at 7:10 this morning to talk  Make sure to tune in!
The American Dream belongs to all of us. Help rebuild it:  
Good to hear from you after all these years, There's still room in GOP primary for another entrant! 
We need to make our economy work again for everyone. 
Join our campaign to rebuild the American dream.  
America needs new, progressive leadership and an economy that works for everyone. Agree?  
America needs new, progressive leadership and an economy that works for everyone. Agree?  
America needs new, progressive leadership and an economy that works for everyone. Agree?  
America needs new, progressive leadership and an economy that works for everyone. Agree?  
Join our campaign to rebuild the American dream.  
Join our campaign to rebuild the American dream   
America needs new, progressive leadership and an economy that works for everyone. Agree? 
America needs new, progressive leadership and an economy that works for everyone. Agree? 
America needs new, progressive leadership and an economy that works for everyone. Agree? 
America needs new, progressive leadership and an economy that works for everyone. Agree? 
 Thanks, Hillary. I'm eager to engage in a healthy debate about our visions for America.
Today, I declare that I am a candidate for President of the United States, and I am running for YOU.  
"The story of our country’s best days is not in a history book, because this generation of Americans is about to write it." 
"We must also bring 11 million of our neighbors out of the shadows by passing comprehensive immigration reform." 
"America needs a higher minimum wage ; respect for the rights of workers to organize ; collectively bargain for better wages." 
Today, I announced my candidacy for President. I'm running for you, and your future. Join me:   -Martin
"Our economy isn't money, our economy is people—all of our people."  
"Our land of opportunity is being turned into a land of inequality. Main Street declines, while Wall Street soars." 
"Unemployment in many American cities and in many small towns across the U.S. is higher now than it was 8 years ago." 
"Our nation was founded on two self-evident truths...; there was no fine print. There is no such thing as a spare American." 
I'm running for president to rebuild the American Dream. Watch:
"I want to talk with you today about the American Dream"  
LIVE on  Tune in to Governor O'Malley's big announcement 
I'm running for president to rebuild the American Dream. Watch: 
The O'Malley's are ready. Are you?  
Tune in to this morning's big announcement! Watch live:  
Prepping for a big moment this morning.  
 Tomorrow, I'll sit down w/ exclusively after his “big announcement.” See it on
