Our representatives in Texas have left us open to these kinds of attacks. Time to change our representatives. 
 3,500+ Texans are killed by guns every year: a life lost every 3 hours.If more guns and fewer gun laws made Texas safe…
All the strength and all the love to John Lewis. He’s been leading people into “good trouble” and leading this country closer to its ideals of justice and equality his whole life. We’re with you John!!
So saddened to hear about another church shooting in Texas, this one in White Settlement near Fort Worth. Clearly what we are doing in Texas, what we are doing in this country, when it comes to guns is not working. 
Sending love and strength to the victims and their families after the anti-Semitic attack in Monsey.
Merry Christmas! 
 This thread. 
 🚨 The  just sued us because I am trying to keep guns out of the hands of criminals. Read this thread... 
Americans shouldn’t have to fear being killed by those sworn to serve and protect us. Full prosecution of this murder is the kind of accountability we need to stop police from continuing to shoot innocent black women and men. 
Our focus: registering Texans to vote, knocking on doors, making phone calls, and connecting the dots so that we understand that in order to make progress on the issues we care most about — like gun violence, healthcare and climate — we have to register, volunteer and vote.
Powered by People helps Texans volunteer in critical races. Organizing grassroots volunteers is how we win the state house, overcome racist gerrymandering, defeat John Cornyn ; help our Presidential nominee win Texas’ 38 electoral college votes. Join us! 
Check out this principled, courageous candidate who is running like a mother for the Texas state house. If Jennifer wins this race we’ll be another seat closer to a Democratic majority. 
Don’t let the cynicism and punditry and “partisan fight” bullshit in. Today this country stood up for itself through our representatives in Congress who wouldn’t allow democracy to die at the hands of a would-be tyrant. Grateful to everyone who had the guts to do the right thing.
Gotta celebrate gun sense victories when we can. Overcoming inertia ; the NRA, Congress voted to study gun violence for the first time in 20 years. Armed with the facts, it will be harder for them to fail to move on background checks, ERPO and VAWA. 
With the amazing and Women’s Center leadership in Fort Bend county. We discussed the connection between domestic violence and gun violence and the need to have courageous common sense leadership in the state house — 
Knocking doors with who is running to serve Fort Bend in the Texas House. She’s going to be a strong voice ; vote on education, gun violence, healthcare and climate.  
 This is what it’s all about. And yet, basically no one has even seen these figures. We need to communicate this everywhe…
“Every day, 100 Americans are shot and killed, and hundreds more are wounded. Many more live having witnessed an event. This is not the price we pay for our country’s freedom.” The extraordinarily powerful  
If we let Trump get away with abuse of power and contempt of Congress, then we replace the precedent of a commander-in-chief who chose the republic over his own ambition with that of a petty tyrant who puts his interests before those of the nation. 
Victory for rule of law and a more humane border. Thousands of migrants and asylum seekers have died as militarization and walls push them to ever more hostile stretches of the U.S.-MX border.  
 This is America. The only high income country in the world that allows gun lobbyists to write its nation’s gun laws. J…
Here’s a guy who represents a district Trump won in ‘16. He’s putting his responsibility to the country, the constitution and rule of law ahead of what’s politically convenient or popular. This is what America needs right now. 
This is leadership on gun violence. 
Great news for Texas and the country. Sima is one of the smartest, hardest working people I’ve met. She helped produce record turnout in 2018 in Texas for my campaign and will beat Crenshaw in 2020 in hers! 
A lone dissenting voice in Congress in 2001, urging us not to rush into war in Afghanistan. 18 years, a trillion dollars, 2,300 U.S. service members killed later, important to remember Barbara Lee was one of the few willing to tell the truth: 
Excellent reporting. This is how our democracy is supposed to work. Informed Americans will demand an end to this and the other wars we are in and will work to stop us from starting new ones.  
 Never in my lifetime did I think I’d see a United States Senator spread Russian propaganda on national television. htt…
To the Republicans in the House, I’ve worked with many of you and know that you care about this country. Do the right thing. History and future generations of Americans will honor your courage on behalf of our country, even if Trump does not.
If Trump’s defenders in Congress succeed, we will be a democracy in name only. A nominal republic, ruled by strongmen and thugs.
Not only will Trump have a green light to again welcome Russia and other foreign powers to undermine our democracy, but it will also mean that future Presidents and candidates will do the same. The excuse will be, my predecessor did it, my opponent is doing it, why shouldn’t I?
Trump’s apologists in Congress are working to establish the precedent that the President is above the law, above the constitution and that he can freely welcome foreign intervention into our elections.
Harder to find information on state house reps - if you have this for your state can you include link in reply to this thread?
Here’s a cheat sheet to find out how members of Congress have voted — thanks to for putting it together: 
2019 so far: - 391 mass shootings in 340 days- 438 people killed in them, over 1,500 injured - 281 days since the House passed gun safety legislation.Is your State or Congressional rep fighting for background checks, extreme risk protection orders ; assualt weapons ban?
- CBP held Carlos for 6 days, though supposed to transfer children within 72 hours.- 6th migrant child to die after being detained while entering the U.S. in less than a year.- None had died in custody over previous decade.
 Thread: 50 years ago, on Dec. 4, 1969, Chicago cops killed 21-year-old Black Panther, Fred HamptonHampton's death was…
NO ONE should be getting rich off of depriving people of their liberty or their lives. McKinsey, GEO Group, CCA/CoreCivic, etc all have a profit incentive to deport, detain, dehumanize. Lets get corporations completely out of immigration and criminal justice.
Hold McKinsey accountable for profiting on human misery and facilitating Trump’s hateful treatment of asylum seekers that has produced so much suffering and death. McKinsey should never receive another government contract here or anywhere else. 
Grateful to Kamala for her service, her candidacy and for all of the great things she’s going to do in the future. Amy and I got to know Kamala and Doug on the campaign trail, impressed by their kindness to us and their great sense of humor in the midst of incredible pressure.
We win nine seats in the TX legislature, Dems will have a majority. That means an end to racist gerrymandering, a chance to address gun violence, reproductive rights, Medicaid expansion, ; climate change in Texas. Will be positive for Congressional ; Presidential races as well.
Last year 17 TX State House Republicans won their election by less than 10 points. We can flip these seats by reaching un-registered Democrats. Your donation will be used to send them pre-filled voter registration forms w/ stamped return envelope. 
The consequences of climate change are painful now, but they get much worse the longer we wait. Same is true of the policy choices. They become more expensive, more drastic, more unlikely. So, we act now or forever lose our chance.  
Of all the unlawful and dehumanizing and vicious things Donald Trump and those in his administration are responsible for, it is their treatment of children at the border - and their deaths in our custody - that will prove the greatest stain on the conscience of this country.
From a public health perspective it’s just stupid that CBP denies flu vaccine to detained migrants. Considering that three children have died of the flu in CBP custody in the last year it’s also immoral. 
‘George Mason, asked, “Shall any man be above justice?” He added, “Shall the man who has practiced corruption, and by that means procured his appointment in the first instance, be suffered to escape punishment by repeating his guilt?”’
The story of Luis ; Marcela is inspiring. Says something about the strength of El Paso and what it takes to recover from a shooting like the one we had in August. Says something about why we have to stop gun violence and racism in America.  
 Texas Court of Criminal Appeals stays Rodney Reed’s execution 
Good news! The facts and the recommendation of the full parole board tell us we should do all we can to save this man’s life and ensure that new evidence can be presented. Let’s keep the calls coming to Gov. Abbott 512-488-0698. 
Santa Clarita, we’re with you today and every day going forward.To everyone fighting to stop this from happening in America: the days of the NRA and the members of Congress they’ve purchased are coming to an end. Keep the faith, keep up the fight.  Our kids are counting on us.
Thinking about the women and men who’ve served this country in uniform and then continue to serve America as veterans. At a moment that we risk being defined by our differences, you show what it means to come together in common cause, putting country first.
And for those in Austin or those who can get there, there will be a rally at the Governor’s Mansion at 2 PM tomorrow. 
Rodney Reed is days away from execution, despite new evidence that could exonerate him.  Together we can save his life, but time is running out. Tell Governor Abbott to stop the execution: 

 To our 240,000 donors, our 77,000 volunteers, and everyone across the country who believed -- We’re proud of you, Team Beto…
Thank you for making this campaign possible, and for continuing to believe that we can turn this moment of great peril into a moment of great promise for America and the world.
We will work to ensure that the Democratic nominee is successful in defeating Donald Trump in 2020. I can tell you firsthand from having the chance to know the candidates, we will be well served by any one of them, and I’m going to be proud to support whoever she or he is.
Let us continue to fearlessly champion the issues and causes that brought us together. Whether it is ending the epidemic of gun violence or dismantling structural racism or successfully confronting climate change, we will continue to organize and mobilize and act.
I am grateful to all the people who made up the heart and soul of this campaign. You were among the hundreds of thousands who made a donation, signed up to volunteer or spread the word about this campaign and our opportunity to help decide the election of our lifetime.
Our campaign has always been about seeing clearly, speaking honestly, and acting decisively. In that spirit: I am announcing that my service to the country will not be as a candidate or as the nominee. 
We can’t keep proposing half measures and hoping Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell will agree to do something about gun violence.We need to say what we believe, and defeat everyone standing in the way of us achieving it. 
We should mark the foundation of America not on July 4, 1776, but on August 20, 1619—when the first human beings kidnapped from Africa were brought here to build the wealth of our country. Until we acknowledge this history, and repair this damage, we cannot build a better future. 
This is a good step, but it's only the beginning. Now, it's time to impeach President Trump and remove him from office. 
A reminder: Trump's racist, xenophobic, and hate filled words inspire violence in our communities. This can't be ignored. We must connect the dots. 
 Beto O'Rourke makes a plea for transformative justice.Full interview:  
We're seeing an unprecedented attack on the ability of women to make their own decisions about their own bodies. We can't stop at nominating justices who support Roe v. Wade. We need to pass a law ensuring every woman can access an abortion, no matter her zip code. 
This campaign is about bringing everyone in and leaving no one behind.Pitch in $5, $10, $15⁠—anything you can—to support our people powered campaign:  
Payday lenders—who get rich by preying on working Americans who are trying to make ends meet—believe our president can be bought. The worst part is: They’re right. 
When we win Texas's 38 electoral votes, we will put Donald Trump away forever. 
These victories are important, but we cannot rely on courts—with judges appointed by Donald Trump—to protect a woman's right to choose. Congress needs to pass a bill guaranteeing access to safe and legal abortion in all 50 states. 
Excited to be back in Iowa for the Liberty and Justice Celebration this Friday.Join our team and get a free ticket by going to  
Mass incarceration begins in kindergarten—when a child of color is more likely to be suspended or expelled. We need to end the school-to-prison pipeline, end for-profit prisons, end cash bail, end the War on Drugs, and bring about transformative justice. 
We can't become numb to this. We can't accept living in a world where wildfires continue to get worse—because of our failure to do anything about climate change. This is the defining challenge of our time; and we need to act now, before it's too late.Sending love to your state. 
 Kleo: I am so sorry for your loss—but also so grateful you were willing to share your story. Because the only way we will overcome our epidemic of mental health challenges in this country is by opening up about them; and ensuring everyone has access to mental health care.
We need to end mass incarceration. 
With 2.3 million people behind bars, this plan prioritizes keeping people out of the justice system in the first place, invests in rehabilitation, and supports successful re-entry while reforming policing and eliminating private prisons, mandatory minimums, and cash bail.
We have the largest prison population on the face of the planet, disproportionately comprised of people of color—a consequence of racist policies. Here's our plan to end mass incarceration and reform the broken justice system: 
To those celebrating the Festival of Lights, Amy and I wish you a Happy Diwali and a joyous New Year.
Last night, our special forces brought the leader of one of history's most destructive terrorist groups to justice. Let's thank our service members for their courage; and recommit to protecting all of the allies who are working with us to defeat ISIS—including the Kurds.
On the one year anniversary of the Tree of Life shooting, we mourn the lives lost—and condemn the anti-Semitism, the racism, the xenophobia that not only led to this shooting, but has led to a rise in hate crimes all across our country.
My heart is with everyone in the Greenville community—but grief cannot be our only emotion. We must also be angry, resilient, devoted to doing everything we can to end this epidemic of gun violence, before even more lives are lost to our inaction. 
Cleansing means genocide. If Turkey follows through on this, it will be on Trump’s hands, but it will also be on our country’s conscience forever. That’s why it’s on all of us to speak out now—before it’s too late. 
We have stopped registering tweets like this—but we can’t normalize a president who threatens to sue the principal investigator of his crimes. That’s what happens in dictatorships, not democracies. 
Your gender identity is for you to decide, and no government—local, state, or federal—should stand in the way. 
The President of the United States should be working to ensure everyone has the health care they need—not to take it away from the most vulnerable among us. 
Kalief Browder spent three years in prison because he couldn’t post bail after being accused of stealing a backpack—before he killed himself as a result of the trauma. Felicity Huffman didn’t even serve her full 14-day sentence. 
Don't become numb to these numbers. More than 5,400 children were separated from their parents. Subject to conditions no human being should face. This was done in our names; and it's on all of us to hold accountable all who implemented this cruel policy.
When I say "All People; No PACs," I mean it: I refuse to take any PAC money during the entirety of this race.To enact the change we need, we can't be beholden to anything but people.Help fuel our campaign and bring about a new kind of politics:  
We all must stand up for our trans community, just like Annie.It's long past due that we challenge the gross inequities they face. Especially trans women of color, who have been targeted and killed at extraordinary rates with impunity. 
When El Paso fell victim to hate on August 3rd, sent us his love. He will never stop fighting to end this epidemic of gun violence; and make sure our economy works for all. He will be missed in this race.
Every day, more than 130 human beings overdose on opioids. 47,000 lose their lives to this epidemic every year. We need to be there for every victim of this crisis and hold accountable everyone who created it. Here’s our plan: 
Beto Greets Cornell College Town Hall Attendees  
After Mark Zuckerberg testified before Congress today, let's all come together to say: Facebook should not be able to spread lies on their platform.
We must do better for Americans like my sister. We must fully fund our special education programs and expand access to care. We must expand the Voting Rights Act to make it easier to cast their ballots.For too long, we have overlooked people with disabilities. That must change. 
This is a make or break moment for the United States of America. And yet, this president, with that shit-eating smirk on his face, smiles and laughs as he threatens everything we care about—including the idea that no one is above the law. 
For Trump to invoke the word 'lynching' to describe his experience—as the most powerful man on the face of the planet—reinforces that he has no regard for the history of this country, and that he is very clearly a white supremacist. 
We need to ratify a constitutional amendment banning the president from pardoning anyone tied to an investigation that involves them.The only way we can hold Donald Trump fully accountable for his crimes is if those around him know they are not above the law—and neither is he.
President Trump has separated kids from their families. He's tried to take school lunch away from hundreds of thousands. And now, we've learned 1 million kids no longer have Medicaid in part because of his policies. This isn't only an attack on them. It's an attack on our future. 
Thanks to this amazing team, Beto has never had to worry about whether or not he’d make a debate before. But we’ll be honest, we’re getting a bit worried about making the November stage. Can you chip in to help us advertise and organize so we can qualify?
Beto’s campaign has 235k donors, well beyond the 165k required to participate in November’s debate. We have more grassroots enthusiasm than some of the candidates who have already qualified. But we need your help to rise in the polls and make the next debate. Can you chip in?
Thanks to this amazing team, Beto has never had to worry about whether or not he’d make a debate before. But we’ll be honest, we’re getting a bit worried about making the November stage. Can you chip in to help us advertise and organize so we can qualify?
Beto’s campaign has 235k donors, well beyond the 165k required to participate in November’s debate. We have more grassroots enthusiasm than some of the candidates who have already qualified. But we need your help to rise in the polls and make the next debate. Can you chip in?
Thanks to this amazing team, Beto has never had to worry about whether or not he’d make a debate before. But we’ll be honest, we’re getting a bit worried about making the November stage. Can you chip in to help us advertise and organize so we can qualify?
Beto’s campaign has 235k donors, well beyond the 165k required to participate in November’s debate. We have more grassroots enthusiasm than some of the candidates who have already qualified. But we need your help to rise in the polls and make the next debate. Can you chip in?
 This bill is unconstitutional, it's wrong. And it's on all of us to stand up to these attacks on reproductive freedom.
The legacy of slavery, segregation, Jim Crow, and suppression is alive and well in every part of this country—including in the White House where the president is a white supremacist. 
Donald Trump has broken the law and is working in the best interests of Russia, defying the best interests of the United States. 
Our kids shouldn't have to endure active shooter drills as a normal part of their lives.We cannot be complacent. We need to listen to our children, and follow the lead of those students marching for our lives to end this epidemic. 
Yep, you got it right. You can't just not be racist. You have to be anti-racist. 
A police officer killed Tay Jefferson as she was playing with her 8 year-old nephew in her own home—only miles from where Botham Jean was killed in his own home. Systemic, foundational, endemic racism is alive and well in this country; and it's on us to end it. 
Mayor-elect is one of the most thoughtful, courageous leaders I’ve met in my travels. He’s going to do great things for Montgomery and great things for America. It was an honor to meet him today. 
Red flag laws save lives. Congress needs to act. 
If we know our county’s true history then, I believe, we can take the necessary steps to repair the damage done and stop visiting these injustices on the generations that follow ours. 
In detention centers and in prisons, in big cities and small towns, women across America don’t have access to the period products they need. On  men need to join women in demanding real change—which is why I’m supporting the Menstrual Equity Act.
We need to reject the bullshit fear spread by Donald Trump—and stand up for a fearless America. 
 "Cummings knew all too well that this is a country that kills people with its racism, and saw this president trying to…
On average, 52 women are shot and killed by an intimate partner each month. Women’s experiences of gun violence are inextricably linked to domestic abuse. That’s why we must close the Boyfriend Loophole and prevent stalkers and abusers from having easy access to guns. 
Trump, who passed a tax cut for billionaires, wants to make half a million kids go hungry every day at school. The cruelty knows no bounds. 
During my recent visit to Arizona, I met Amanda—who told me insurance alone often isn't enough to cover all of the needs of disabled individuals. Here's our plan to make sure Amanda, and people like her across America, have the assistance they need:  
 It was my great honor to speak tonight at the  and to bring out No matter how difficult…
Even if the media tries to paint this as a two-way race, we are going to take our message directly to voters with a robust advertising and organizing program. To do this, we need to raise $2 million. Can you help us?
The media is treating this primary like a two-person race. But that story couldn’t be further from the truth. We have a plan to take our message directly to voters, but we need $2 million to do it. Chip in today.
We’re stuck in a “Media Trap” — pundits are treating this race like it’s over, but only 9% of voters say they’ve made up their mind for sure. We have a plan to break through, a plan to win, but we’ll need $2 million. Can you help us?
We’re stuck in a “Media Trap” — pundits are treating this race like it’s over, but only 9% of voters say they’ve made up their mind for sure. We have a plan to break through, a plan to win, but we’ll need $2 million. Can you help us?
The media is treating this primary like a two-person race. But that story couldn’t be further from the truth. We have a plan to take our message directly to voters, but we need $2 million to do it. Chip in today.
Even if the media tries to paint this as a two-way race, we are going to take our message directly to voters with a robust advertising and organizing program. To do this, we need to raise $2 million. Can you help us?
Even if the media tries to paint this as a two-way race, we are going to take our message directly to voters with a robust advertising and organizing program. To do this, we need to raise $2 million. Can you help us?
The media is treating this primary like a two-person race. But that story couldn’t be further from the truth. We have a plan to take our message directly to voters, but we need $2 million to do it. Chip in today.
We’re stuck in a “Media Trap” — pundits are treating this race like it’s over, but only 9% of voters say they’ve made up their mind for sure. We have a plan to break through, a plan to win, but we’ll need $2 million. Can you help us?
For all of the Americans who live in fear, our leaders must be fearless. No more weak stuff in the United States of America. Don't be afraid to believe. 
Live Now in Dallas
Rally Against Fear - Dallas, TX 
The Constitution clearly bars the president from accepting gifts from foreign powers. Congress must use its authority to enforce the Emoluments Clause now to stop President Trump from profiting off of the G-7 Summit by hosting it at his own property.
We’re stuck in a “Media Trap” — pundits are treating this race like it’s over, but only 9% of voters say they’ve made up their mind for sure. We have a plan to break through, a plan to win, but we’ll need $2 million. Can you help us?
The media is treating this primary like a two-person race. But that story couldn’t be further from the truth. We have a plan to take our message directly to voters, but we need $2 million to do it. Chip in today.
The question isn’t whether President Trump has violated the emoluments clause—or committed other high crimes. The question is whether Republicans in Congress believe our president is above the law. 
Teachers are heroes, and they deserve to be treated like our future depends on them—because it does. I stand with all who are striking today. 
This president has trafficked in hate and racism. He has tried to make people afraid of our differences. But tonight, Texans are going to come together and we are going to stand up to all of that. Join us at 6:00 in the Theatre at Grand Prairie:  
We lost one of our best. A son of sharecroppers, who went on to represent one of our greatest cities; a fighter for justice, who always led with love—Rep. Elijah Cummings was everything right about America. He is already missed, but his legacy will be with us forever.
If you’re in Dallas, and want to stand up to his hatred and bigotry, be a part of our Rally Against Fear tomorrow night. We will show President Trump he doesn’t represent Texas—and he doesn’t represent America.   
We need to stand up to politicians who lead by following polls—regardless of party. We need to buy back every single AR-15 and AK-47. 
The problem isn't the letter. The problem is the man who wrote it has control of our nuclear weapons, our armed forces, and our treasury. Every day he is president, we are all in danger.
I really still can't understand how brags about contributing to a gun violence epidemic that kills 40,000 Americans every year. 
First, he left our allies to die. Now he’s challenging their honor. He is a disgrace to everything we stand for as a nation. 
Even if the media tries to paint this as a two-way race, we are going to take our message directly to voters with a robust advertising and organizing program. To do this, we need to raise $2 million. Can you help us?
We have a plan to win this primary. We’ll do it with a coalition of young people, Latinx voters, and independents. To reach these voters, we need to advertise, and we need to organize. We’re trying to raise $2 million to execute this plan. Will you chip in today?
Hope to see you tomorrow night at the Theatre in Grand Prairie as we stand up for this country and stand up against Donald Trump's hatred, racism, and intolerance. Join us at the Rally Against Fear:  
If you think buybacks are "symbolic," say that to anyone who lost somebody in Midland Odessa or Sutherland Springs or El Paso. Let's not be fearful. Let's not be governed by the polls. Let's do what's right. 
Freedom is being able to go to school without being afraid of getting shot. 
I don't question Pete's courage—but I do question his political courage. Courage in the political arena is doing the right thing, regardless of the polling. 
This is her. Her name is Gina. Her daughter's name is Summer. The problem with our economy is she has to live in her car—while a disgraced TV host like you makes millions.  
I've always tried to bring people all people into to the solutions that we have to our common challenges—regardless of our difference. That's how we will defeat Donald Trump in 2020 and bring our country together in 2021. 
On social media platforms, people have become the product. We need to hold them accountable for abusing the public trust. 
Facebook should be treated like a publisher. They should not be able to spread lies on their platform.
Imagine if instead of prescribing our veterans opioids, we could prescribe them marijuana, because we made it legal in our country. Let's hold drug companies responsible for the opioid crisis—and end the war on drugs. 

Legalize marijuana.
This isn't my proposal. This is the proposal of survivors of gun violence. Let's listen to the moms demanding action and the students marching for our lives, instead of the polls and the NRA. Let's buy back every single assault weapon. 
If you think AR-15s are too dangerous to sell, then they're too dangerous to own. We cannot leave 16 million of them in our communities. We need to buy them back.
We need to stand up to Russia and stand with our allies—including Kurds who sacrificed so much for our country, before President Trump abandoned them.
Americans with disabilities knows just how hard it is to make it and to get by in this country. We need to be there for them.
Americans don't want a handout. They want a shot. They want to be able to join a union. They want to be able to send their kids to a good school. They want a guarantee that if they work hard, they can find success in our country.
We don’t have to choose between leaving millions uninsured and eliminating private insurance entirely. There's a better way: Medicare For America. 
We have a plan to win this primary. We’ll do it with a coalition of young people, Latinx voters, and independents. To reach these voters, we need to advertise, and we need to organize. We’re trying to raise $2 million to execute this plan. Will you chip in today?
Even if the media tries to paint this as a two-way race, we are going to take our message directly to voters with a robust advertising and organizing program. To do this, we need to raise $2 million. Can you help us?
We have a plan to win this primary. We’ll do it with a coalition of young people, Latinx voters, and independents. To reach these voters, we need to advertise, and we need to organize. We’re trying to raise $2 million to execute this plan. Will you chip in today?
No one is above the law. That includes our president. 
Even if the media tries to paint this as a two-way race, we are going to take our message directly to voters with a robust advertising and organizing program. To do this, we need to raise $2 million. Can you help us?
We have a plan to win this primary. We’ll do it with a coalition of young people, Latinx voters, and independents. To reach these voters, we need to advertise, and we need to organize. We’re trying to raise $2 million to execute this plan. Will you chip in today?
Even if the media tries to paint this as a two-way race, we are going to take our message directly to voters with a robust advertising and organizing program. To do this, we need to raise $2 million. Can you help us?
We have a responsibility to be fearless in the face of this president's criminality. If we do not hold him to account, we have not only failed our constitution, but everyone who has put their lives on the line for our country. He needs to be impeached.
Let's remind our country who we are at our best. 
Innocent people don’t ignore subpoenas. 
Every single American is at risk because of our failure to act on gun violence—including puertorriqueños.  Sending love to the families of all of the victims. Together, we will end this epidemic. 
The road to 2020 runs through Virginia in 2019—and today is your last chance to register to vote. Virginia: Do it! 
Two years ago, millions shared a hashtag, as part of a movement that changed our country. On  2nd anniversary, let's honor the bravery of those women by resolving to build a future where men are held accountable for sexual assault and violence.
He killed Atatiana in her own home while she was playing with her nephew. He needed to be arrested. Now he needs to be held accountable. 
The Americas weren't discovered in 1492. This land belonged to indigenous peoples—who were, and continue to be, responsible for so much of its greatness. On Indigenous Peoples' Day, let’s recognize this past and resolve to do better by them today.
From someone who knows: 
Pete can belittle the grassroots; he can call buybacks a “shiny object.” He can say whatever he wants, but  guns kill 40,000 people each year.  Those people deserve action.  I’ll be fighting for them. 
The way you practice your faith within your place of worship is your business. But when you are providing services in the public sphere—and you deny equal treatment under the law based on someone's skin color or sexual orientation—then we have a problem. 
At a conference of Trump supporters, they played a video of our president murdering journalists in a church. Last year, a Trump supporter sent bombs to CNN—and a shooter entered a church yesterday. This video isn’t funny. It will get people killed. 
Texans are going to come together Thursday night to stand up for this country and to stand up against this president's hatred, racism, fear, and intolerance. Join us:  
"We defeated ISIS." — Donald Trump 
Atatiana Jefferson was killed in her own bedroom by a police officer while she was playing with her nephew. As we mourn with Atatiana's loved ones, we must demand accountability and promise to fight until no family has to face a tragedy like this again. 
This from a man who’s used his office to stoke hate, fear, and discrimination. Who tried to ban Muslims. Anyone can believe what they want —but organizations that discriminate when they provide public services should not be tax-exempt.
Trump left our allies to die—plain and simple. He's reckless, he's dishonest, and he's dangerous. Not only are the Kurds less safe because of his presidency, but so are we. 
When gun violence strikes a community, trauma surgeons see the impact up close—and do everything in their power to save lives. I asked them why weapons like AR-15s kill so efficiently and effectively. Their answers should shock our conscience. 
We have a path to the nomination, but that’s not a guarantee. Far from it. It’s going to be very, very difficult—but to win, the most important resource we need is you.Join us and read our plan to win: 
 Live Staff Meeting 
 Tune in live for our update—on how we did last quarter and how we'll get on the path to winning it all this quarter: 
I hope to see you at our team meeting at 5pm MT/7pm ET. We won't only talk about these numbers, but also our plan to win this thing. Join us! 
Thank you for fueling our campaign—which always has been, and always will be, powered by people. Because of you, I believe we will win the Democratic nomination, defeat President Trump in 2020, and bring our country together in 2021.
We did this while not fundraising during the period around the El Paso shooting⁠—because that tragedy wasn't about our campaign, it was about our community. And we've raised over a million dollars this quarter for causes like the El Paso Memorial Fund and down ballot candidates.
Our average contribution was $26—and 99% of our donations were below $200. They came from all 50 states, and 17% of our donors gave to us for the first time this quarter. 
This quarter, we raised $4.5 million—a million more dollars than last quarter—and we did it because of people like you. 
We need to get off our back foot on immigration and legalize America. There are millions of people here, many of whom working the toughest jobs in this country, who deserve a path to citizenship. Let's ensure they can contribute to their full potential. 
Last night, Trump bragged about lowering the number of refugees we welcome into the United States. Next week, he'll be bringing this same message of hate to Dallas—but at our Rally Against Fear, we will show he doesn't represent our country. Join us:  
Housing is a basic human right. And yet, every night, more than half a million Americans go to sleep without a home. And 50 years after the Fair Housing Act, America’s neighborhoods remain highly segregated. Here's our plan to fix housing in America: 
In El Paso, we offered health benefits to same-sex partners in 2009—not only for them, but for any child wondering if those in positions of power thought they had value. Let's start doing the right thing because it's the right thing to do and allow the politics to catch up. 
Blossom, thank you for making your voice heard tonight. We will hold a town hall focused on trans women of color. And I hope you’ll be there. 
There can be no reward, no benefit, no tax break for anyone or any institution or organization in America that denies the full human rights, and the full civil rights, of everyone in America.
The ability of PACs, corporations, and special interests to buy the outcomes they want in elections runs the risk of fundamentally ending this democracy as we know it. We must overturn Citizens United and return power to people before it's too late.
"Foreign influence is one of the most baneful foes of republican government." — George Washington, Farewell Address 
The children who lose their lives are not the only victims of school shootings. Their classmates, their peers, their friends live with the trauma for the rest of their lives. And if we don’t act, we will have this on our consciences for the rest of ours. 
Mental health challenges—from depression to PTSD—should be treated and recognized with the same care and attention as physical health, despite their frequent invisibility.This should be at the forefront of our minds, not just on World Mental Health Day, but every day.
Together, we will demonstrate that Trump's hatred, racism, division, harmful rhetoric, lawlessness, and corruption have no place in north Texas, in our state, or in this country. Join us Thursday:  
Earlier this year, I released a plan to secure the rights of all LGBTQ+ Americans—so everyone can live to their full potential no matter who they are or who they love. Tune in to equality town hall tonight on CNN and read the full plan here: 
The NBA's suppression of free speech isn't only disgraceful, it's also un-American. I hope players, coaches, and executives speak out against the league's insistence on prioritizing profits over human rights. 
Trump is holding a rally in Dallas—and it's on us to declare his hatred, racism, and division does not belong in Texas. That's why we're organizing the Rally Against Fear. If you are ready to stand against Trump, and for our country, join us next Thursday:  
This is the consequence of our inaction. We must treat climate change as the existential threat that it is before it is too late.To those affected: please follow the guidance of local officials, check on your neighbors, and stay safe. 
The NRA served as a “foreign asset” to Russian officials in the lead-up to the 2016 election. It is a corrupt political organization that should lose its tax-exempt status. Sign if you agree.
The NRA served as a “foreign asset” to Russian officials in the lead-up to the 2016 election. It is a corrupt political organization that should lose its tax-exempt status. Sign if you agree.
The NRA served as a “foreign asset” to Russian officials in the lead-up to the 2016 election. It is a corrupt political organization that should lose its tax-exempt status. Sign if you agree.
The NRA served as a “foreign asset” to Russian officials in the lead-up to the 2016 election. It is a corrupt political organization that should lose its tax-exempt status. Sign if you agree.
The NRA served as a “foreign asset” to Russian officials in the lead-up to the 2016 election. It is a corrupt political organization that should lose its tax-exempt status. Sign if you agree.
The NRA served as a “foreign asset” to Russian officials in the lead-up to the 2016 election. It is a corrupt political organization that should lose its tax-exempt status. Sign if you agree.
The NRA served as a “foreign asset” to Russian officials in the lead-up to the 2016 election. It is a corrupt political organization that should lose its tax-exempt status. Sign if you agree.
The NRA served as a “foreign asset” to Russian officials in the lead-up to the 2016 election. It is a corrupt political organization that should lose its tax-exempt status. Sign if you agree.
Trump will be responsible for these deaths. 
It’s long past time that we level the playing field and fully address the inequities women still face in America today. Here's our plan: 
More than 150 years after Montgomery was the capital of the Confederacy; more than 60 years after their bus boycott, Montgomery has elected Steven Reed as its first African American Mayor.A reminder of the progress we can make when we never stop fighting for it. 
Amy and I are wishing an easy fast to all those observing Yom Kippur this evening—gmar chatimah tovah.
The President’s letter shows he believes he’s above the law. It’s on Congress to prove him wrong. 
The same administration that tried to cut food stamps to save money wants to make it easier for companies to avoid paying taxes by hiding their profits offshore. That tells you all you need to know about their priorities. 
The NRA connected Russian officials with GOP leaders, lied about their executives’ travels to Russia, and its officials pursued personal business interests on NRA-sponsored trips to Russia. If you agree it’s time the corrupt NRA lose its tax-exempt status, sign on.
The NRA served as a “foreign asset” to Russian officials in the lead-up to the 2016 election. It is a corrupt political organization that should lose its tax-exempt status. Sign if you agree.
The NRA connected Russian officials with GOP leaders, lied about their executives’ travels to Russia, and its officials pursued personal business interests on NRA-sponsored trips to Russia. If you agree it’s time the corrupt NRA lose its tax-exempt status, sign on.
The NRA served as a “foreign asset” to Russian officials in the lead-up to the 2016 election. It is a corrupt political organization that should lose its tax-exempt status. Sign if you agree.
The NRA connected Russian officials with GOP leaders, lied about their executives’ travels to Russia, and its officials pursued personal business interests on NRA-sponsored trips to Russia. If you agree it’s time the corrupt NRA lose its tax-exempt status, sign on.
The NRA served as a “foreign asset” to Russian officials in the lead-up to the 2016 election. It is a corrupt political organization that should lose its tax-exempt status. Sign if you agree.
The NRA connected Russian officials with GOP leaders, lied about their executives’ travels to Russia, and its officials pursued personal business interests on NRA-sponsored trips to Russia. If you agree it’s time the corrupt NRA lose its tax-exempt status, sign on.
The NRA served as a “foreign asset” to Russian officials in the lead-up to the 2016 election. It is a corrupt political organization that should lose its tax-exempt status. Sign if you agree.
No person should be fired for who they are or who they love. Proud to be fighting for LGBTQ+ equality with those at the Supreme Court today and Americans across this country every single day. 
(He won't let him testify because he knows he's guilty.) 
The War in Afghanistan began 18 years ago. That means 18 year-olds are enlisting today who weren’t alive when the first soldiers deployed. For all who fought for us then, and for all who are fighting for us today, we must end our forever wars.
No one should be denied health care for having a disability. I support Medicare For America, which ensures people with disabilities can access home ; community based long term services ; supports, durable medical equipment, and expanded mental health care. 
We must do better for those living with disabilities in America.We must fully fund our special education programs.We must expand the Voting Rights Act to make it easier to cast their ballots.For too long, we have overlooked people with disabilities. That must change. 
Add your name to demand Mitch McConnell hold a vote to end our epidemic of gun violence. 
Dick's Sporting Goods is doing more to keep Americans safe from assault weapons than Congress. 
The Kurds risked everything to help us combat ISIS—and now, we are abandoning them, leaving space for a resurgence by the Islamic State. This is not the way to end wars. Trump's approach of abandoning our allies will kill an untold number of Kurds; and make our country less safe. 
The only thing the NBA should be apologizing for is their blatant prioritization of profits over human rights. What an embarrassment. 
 Sorry we didn’t get a chance to see you. Heading back to Texas now but I’ll definitely be back. A lot to discuss...
A woman told me undocumented immigrants are a "slap in the face" to "legal immigrants."I told her it's a slap in the face to lock kids in cages.Immigrants pose no threat to her. And we need to call people out for saying they do. 
Thank you, Alayna, for stepping up during our Weekend of Action. Sign up to help Alayna end this epidemic:  
Photoline in Phoenix! 
This is a strong call to conscience from and a reminder that, whatever the polling right now, we will all face the judgment of history. We know Trump has committed impeachable offenses. The question now is what Republican members of Congress are gonna do about it. 
Not again. I visited Kansas City in August—and everyone I met was warm, generous, and welcoming. My heart is with all who are impacted by this tragedy. Together, communities like ours, which have been victims of gun violence, will lead the way in ending this epidemic. 
There will never be justice, but there must be an investigation to find the truth—and hold his murderer accountable.
When Botham Jean was killed in his own home, his neighbor, Joshua Brown, spoke out and ensured his murderer was held accountable. His death, like Botham’s, was a tragedy—only possible because we have failed to end this epidemic of gun violence. Sending love to his family. 
When the choice is between corporations and people, corporations and dignity, I stand with workers—all workers—everywhere, every single time. 
In the wealthiest country in the world, no one should be homeless. Heartbroken for all who lost their lives last night; and for all who loved them. 
On our gun violence prevention Weekend of Action, follow the lead of the students marching for our lives—and add your name to support the Peace Plan:  
Los Angeles, come see us tomorrow. Casa Del Mexicano. 12:30 p.m. Don't care what party you belong to, what you look like, where you're from. Everyone is welcome. I hope to see you there. 
Imagine if he treated immigrants of color with this much generosity. 
They blame movies. They blame video games. They blame candidates like me. All countries have movies, video games, and politicians. The reason Americans are afraid to go to the movies is because we’re the only country in the world with more guns than people. 
This weekend, we’re organizing hundreds of events around the country to declare: Hell yes, we are going to end this epidemic of gun violence. Sign up to join us: 
This case has proven it doesn’t matter if you’re a U.S. citizen; if you are Latinx, the Trump administration sees you as suspect in our country. This is unconstitutional, it’s cruel, and it’s racist. 
This law is not only unconstitutional—it's an attack on women, especially women of color, across America. But we can’t rely on justices like Kavanaugh to do the right thing. That’s why Congress needs to affirm Roe: so no one’s right to an abortion is determined by their zip code. 
Our president believes he’s above the law. It’s time to prove him wrong. 
Nothing about committing crimes in public makes them any less criminal. 
Our plan, Medicare for America, is the best way to bring costs down, guarantee high-quality health care to everyone, and maintain choice. Here's how it works:  
Trump's spent his first term trying to repeal protections for pre-existing conditions—; he's promised to slash funding for Medicare, Medicaid ; Social Security in his second term. Don’t fall for this stunt. He wants fewer people to have health care; we want all Americans covered. 
Make no mistake: This is a threat. It’s an abuse of power. And it’s an impeachable offense. 
Saw some of my heroes today. 
How could you call mandatory buybacks a “shiny object” in front of March For Our Lives? 
Unions are the engine of our economy—and a pathway to the middle-class for millions of Americans.I’m proud to support and employees at Rockingham County Rehabilitation and Nursing Center as they fight for a union. 
Nobody understands the consequences of gun violence more than no one has done more to end this epidemic. Thank you for bringing everyone together today. 
I was asked a question by today—and I have to say: I'm so moved by the moral compass the young people marching for our lives have been so bravely displaying for all of us.Because of them, we will bring about the change we need to end this epidemic of gun violence. 
To those in our party worried about polls and listening to consultants—and I’m thinking about Mayor Pete—let me tell you that assault weapons buybacks are supported by a majority of Americans. Not only is this the right thing to do, the American people are with us on this. 
One year ago, Jamal Khashoggi was killed—a murder the CIA says was directed by Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince.Trump still refuses to condemn Mohammed bin Salman. So it's on us to say that we will never forget what they did; and that the next president will hold them accountable.
Wishing a full and speedy recovery. Our thoughts are with you and your family today—and I look forward to seeing you back out on the campaign trail soon. 
Just left the hospital where I visited Memo—a victim of the El Paso shooting recovering from his 21st surgery.This view of immigrants as less than human is what killed 22 in El Paso, locked kids in cages ; let 7 kids die as a result of our custody.The cruelty knows no bounds. 
 We built a boat.We camped out.We yelled “HELL YES.”Watch our Steak Fry documentary and see how it all came together.
Donate to the ACLU: Register to vote:  
Two years ago, 58 people lost their lives in the deadliest mass shooting in our country’s history.We will never forget the lives lost in Las Vegas—and we will never stop fighting to end this epidemic, which takes the lives of nearly 40,000 Americans every year.
Botham’s family, his friends, his community will never see him again—so there is no justice. But, at least, there is accountability. 
Donald Trump is a thug, who's acting like a mob boss. He needs to resign. 
The language President Trump is using about treason and a Civil War is what inspires violence in this country. Republicans in the Senate: Do the right thing for this country while there is still time. 
 You did it. Keep it going. Donate again ➡️➡️➡️ 
This weekend, I met Kelcie, who has raised almost $1,000 for our campaign at her lemonade stand. Kelcie, and people like her, power this campaign. Join them by chipping in before our midnight deadline:  
Less than 35 minutes left to donate for the chance of receiving a text from me. We will meet our goal $5, $10, $15 at a time—so chip in what you can: 
We’re live on Facebook, thanking our donors. Every dollar counts. Chip in what you can to help us raise $10,000 over the next hour—and tune into our livestream now: 
We’re running it back: Donate in the next hour, and I’ll try to text you. We’ve almost hit our goal—and need to raise $10,000 in the next 60 minutes on social media to stay on pace. Chip in: 
 So, Beto’s texting livestream went so well that I’m doing my own. Donate $5 or more to this link and you’ll get added t…
Add your name if you agree with that student athletes, who risk their health for their schools, should be paid. 
Pay student athletes. 
Apple was founded by the son of an immigrant from Syria. 
We're pushing harder every hour and making progress as the next FEC deadline approaches (midnight, tonight!). If everyone on this grassroots team steps up, we’ll get there. Can we count on you?
As you know, our team is all people, no PACs. We've asked before, and we're asking again now because we have to - can you step up and donate today? Our grassroots team is strong and with your support, I know we can hit our goal:
We’ve got less than 12 hours left to reach our goal of raising $750,000 online and, right now, we’re not tracking to reach it. But we know that this grassroots team has what it takes to get back on track. Can you chip in right now to catch us up?
I’m live right now on Facebook thanking our donors for chipping in $5, $10, $15 at a time. Tune in! 
Last week, I texted our donors—to say thank you for fueling our campaign. Over the next hour, I am texting donors again. Every $5, $10, $15 really is what makes this campaign possible. Chip in today to help us meet our goal before midnight:
Last week, I texted our donors—to say thank you for fueling our campaign. Over the next hour, I am texting donors again. Every $5, $10, $15 really is what makes this campaign possible. Chip in today to help us meet our goal before midnight:
Last week, I texted our donors—to say thank you for fueling our campaign. Over the next hour, I am texting donors again. Every $5, $10, $15 really is what makes this campaign possible. Chip in today to help us meet our goal before midnight:
Last week, I texted our donors—to say thank you for fueling our campaign. Over the next hour, I am texting donors again. Every $5, $10, $15 really is what makes this campaign possible. Chip in today to help us meet our goal before midnight:  
Donate at least $5 over the next hour, and I'll try to text you. First come first serve, so move quick. We're running out of time to meet our goal. Here's the link: 
Democrats have a choice on gun violence: We can play it safe—or we can follow the lead of the students marching for our lives. My choice is to support Peace Plan. To my fellow Democrats, my question is: Will you? 
Add your name if you think impeachment proceedings should begin today: 
Our president is threatening a Civil War. This is a constitutional crisis, but it's more than that: It's a threat of violence. In El Paso, we saw the consequences of the president's words. I call on Republicans to hold him accountable before more are harmed in his name. 
We're pushing harder every hour and making progress as the next FEC deadline approaches (midnight, tonight!). If everyone on this grassroots team steps up, we’ll get there. Can we count on you?
As you know, our team is all people, no PACs. We've asked before, and we're asking again now because we have to - can you step up and donate today? Our grassroots team is strong and with your support, I know we can hit our goal:
We’ve got less than 12 hours left to reach our goal of raising $750,000 online and, right now, we’re not tracking to reach it. But we know that this grassroots team has what it takes to get back on track. Can you chip in right now to catch us up?
We're pushing harder every hour and making progress as the next FEC deadline approaches (midnight, tonight!). If everyone on this grassroots team steps up, we’ll get there. Can we count on you?
As you know, our team is all people, no PACs. We've asked before, and we're asking again now because we have to - can you step up and donate today? Our grassroots team is strong and with your support, I know we can hit our goal:
We’ve got less than 12 hours left to reach our goal of raising $750,000 online and, right now, we’re not tracking to reach it. But we know that this grassroots team has what it takes to get back on track. Can you chip in right now to catch us up?
We're pushing harder every hour and making progress as the next FEC deadline approaches (midnight, tonight!). If everyone on this grassroots team steps up, we’ll get there. Can we count on you?
As you know, our team is all people, no PACs. We've asked before, and we're asking again now because we have to - can you step up and donate today? Our grassroots team is strong and with your support, I know we can hit our goal:
We’ve got less than 12 hours left to reach our goal of raising $750,000 online and, right now, we’re not tracking to reach it. But we know that this grassroots team has what it takes to get back on track. Can you chip in right now to catch us up?
We're pushing harder every hour and making progress as the next FEC deadline approaches (midnight, tonight!). If everyone on this grassroots team steps up, we’ll get there. Can we count on you?
As you know, our team is all people, no PACs. We've asked before, and we're asking again now because we have to - can you step up and donate today? Our grassroots team is strong and with your support, I know we can hit our goal:
We’ve got less than 12 hours left to reach our goal of raising $750,000 online and, right now, we’re not tracking to reach it. But we know that this grassroots team has what it takes to get back on track. Can you chip in right now to catch us up?
As you know, our team is all people, no PACs. We've asked before, and we're asking again now because we have to - can you step up and donate today? Our grassroots team is strong and with your support, I know we can hit our goal:
We're pushing harder every hour and making progress as the next FEC deadline approaches (midnight, tonight!). If everyone on this grassroots team steps up, we’ll get there. Can we count on you?
We’ve got less than 12 hours left to reach our goal of raising $750,000 online and, right now, we’re not tracking to reach it. But we know that this grassroots team has what it takes to get back on track. Can you chip in right now to catch us up?
He did it. And our president sided with MBS over our own intelligence officers. Neither of them deserve to lead their countries. 
This quarter, we said hell yes, AR-15s and AK-47s don’t belong on our streets.Even if you don’t know who you’re voting for yet, help us meet our goal and support a campaign that isn’t afraid of the NRA. 
Wishing all celebrating Rosh Hashanah this evening a good and sweet year. Shanah tovah u’metukah.שנה טובה ומתוקה
This quarter, we shut down our campaign for a couple weeks to support victims of the attack in El Paso.I'm glad we did, but it put us behind where we wanted to be on fundraising. Can you chip in to help us hit our goal before tomorrow? 
President Trump shouldn’t wait for Congress to vote. Like President Nixon before him, he should resign. 
Last debate, we went 3 hours without a single question on women's rights. At I was asked about everything from reproductive care to the disparities faced by black women in our criminal justice system. The moderators at the next debate should follow their lead.
While in Congress, my proposal to protect 7,000 acres of wilderness was signed into law as Trump desperately tried to shrink environmental protections. On Public Lands Day ; every day that follows, I’ll never stop fighting for clean air, safe drinking water, and our environment.
Taking questions at a roundtable in Austin  
Our president is a white supremacist—and white supremacists, across our country, believe his words justify violence against people of color. Trump is unfit for office not only because of the crimes he's committed, but because of the crimes committed in his name every day. 
Campaigns are really upping the ante for End of Quarter fundraising. I could do a Facebook Live with a kitten and say, "We don't want anything to happen to Miss Whiskers so send your $5." I'm not gonna do that, but if you want to donate, here's a link:  
When he calls 6 members of Congress—all women of color or Jewish—“savages,” he wants you to think of them as less than human. Like when he calls immigrants an “infestation” and says "no human being" would want to live in Baltimore. We can’t be surprised when violence follows. 
 "I have an almost one-year-old son. And I don't ever wanna have to look him in the eye and tell him that we didn't do enough…
Deputy Sandeep Dhaliwal, who devoted his life to public service, was killed today in the line of duty. My heart is with his family, with my friend Sheriff Ed Gonzalez, with his fellow officers in Harris County and across the country who are keeping our communities safe tonight. 
Trump’s ad about Joe Biden is a disgrace. Every one of us needs to call this exactly what it is: propaganda. Doing anything less is playing right into his hands.
Botham Jean was shot and killed by a police officer in his own apartment. Today, his murderer is on trial—and she needs to be held accountable. Because we cannot let white police officers continue to kill unarmed black men with impunity in this country. 
Add your name if you think the NRA should have to pay taxes. 
When Jason’s voice is being heard, we‘re all better off. So glad he, and this veteran, received the care they need.Too many in our country never have that chance—and it’s on us to ensure everyone who’s served our country has everything they need to thrive when they return home. 
The NRA should lose its tax-exempt status.
Republicans in Congress work for the NRA—and now, we know the NRA works for Russia. We need to defeat them and end this crisis. 
A year ago, Dr. Christine Blasey Ford told her story. Senators didn’t listen, but the Americans people did. Like Anita Hill before her, the impact of her testimony will inspire and encourage women to continue to have the courage to speak out. She is a hero.
  interviews at  Register for your tickets today!  
For half a century, has never stopped fighting to ensure equal rights for all women. With reproductive rights under attack across our country, their work has never been more important, but I know they won’t stop fighting for another 50 years—and beyond.
No country has ever been proud of denying shelter to refugees. 
No teacher should have student debt. 
The President of the United States is threatening to harm a public servant for exposing his abuse of power.If you don’t see why he should be impeached, you’re not looking. 
Yesterday, people brought assault weapons to our rally at Kent State—where 4 students were shot dead in 1970.I told them nobody should show up with an AK-47 or an AR-15 to seek to intimidate us in our own democracy.We need to buy back every single one of them. 
We need a Department of Education that is focused on public education. Let's replace Betsy DeVos and not allow our tax dollars to be taken out of our classrooms, sent away from our heroic public school educators, and given to private schools. 
Today is Beto’s 47th birthday! We want to show him how much this campaign appreciates him today. Help us wish Beto a happy birthday by making a donation today!
Donate today to wish our 46th president a happy 47th birthday!Happy birthday, Beto!
Today is Beto’s 47th birthday! We want to show him how much this campaign appreciates him today. Help us wish Beto a happy birthday by making a donation today!
Donate today to wish our 46th president a happy 47th birthday!Happy birthday, Beto!
Today is Beto’s 47th birthday! We want to show him how much this campaign appreciates him today. Help us wish Beto a happy birthday by making a donation today!
Donate today to wish our 46th president a happy 47th birthday!Happy birthday, Beto!
Today is Beto’s 47th birthday! We want to show him how much this campaign appreciates him today. Help us wish Beto a happy birthday by making a donation today!
Donate today to wish our 46th president a happy 47th birthday!Happy birthday, Beto!
LIVE NOW: Beto Tours DonJon Dry Dock in Erie, Pennsylvania 
Add your name to tell The House to cancel its two week recess and start impeachment proceedings now. 
The House should cancel its break and start impeachment proceedings now. As the whistleblower made clear: Every day Trump is in office, our democracy is less safe. We can’t wait to act.
Beto is always going to do what is right. He'll never be limited by what pundits say is good politics, or what conventional wisdom says is or isn’t possible. Chip in before our end of the month deadline if you believe we need to get these weapons of war off our streets.
This campaign is 100% supported by people like you giving what they can -- and our supporters have always stepped up to help us hit goals like these. That’s why we know we can do it -- as long as you chip in today.  Donate before our end of the month deadline:
This campaign is 100% supported by people like you giving what they can -- and our supporters have always stepped up to help us hit goals like these. That’s why we know we can do it -- as long as you chip in today.  Donate before our end of the month deadline:
This campaign is 100% supported by people like you giving what they can -- and our supporters have always stepped up to help us hit goals like these. That’s why we know we can do it -- as long as you chip in today.  Donate before our end of the month deadline:
This campaign is 100% supported by people like you giving what they can -- and our supporters have always stepped up to help us hit goals like these. That’s why we know we can do it -- as long as you chip in today.  Donate before our end of the month deadline:
This campaign is 100% supported by people like you giving what they can -- and our supporters have always stepped up to help us hit goals like these. That’s why we know we can do it -- as long as you chip in today.  Donate before our end of the month deadline:
This campaign is 100% supported by people like you giving what they can -- and our supporters have always stepped up to help us hit goals like these. That’s why we know we can do it -- as long as you chip in today.  Donate before our end of the month deadline:
Beto is always going to do what is right. He'll never be limited by what pundits say is good politics, or what conventional wisdom says is or isn’t possible. Chip in before our end of the month deadline if you believe we need to get these weapons of war off our streets.
Beto is always going to do what is right. He'll never be limited by what pundits say is good politics, or what conventional wisdom says is or isn’t possible. Chip in before our end of the month deadline if you believe we need to get these weapons of war off our streets.
Beto is always going to do what is right. He'll never be limited by what pundits say is good politics, or what conventional wisdom says is or isn’t possible. Chip in before our end of the month deadline if you believe we need to get these weapons of war off our streets.
Beto is always going to do what is right. He'll never be limited by what pundits say is good politics, or what conventional wisdom says is or isn’t possible. Chip in before our end of the month deadline if you believe we need to get these weapons of war off our streets.
It’s not dead because of impeachment and it wasn’t dead last week when they claimed it was because of buybacks. It’s dead because Trump and McConnell are afraid of the NRA. 
 FINAL UPDATE: Due to tremendous support, Beto will be speaking in Risman plaza at 6:30 PM! Be there! 
UPDATE: Our Kent State Town Hall is now in front of the Student Center. See you soon! 
I’m so inspired by the UPMC workers I met today—who aren't just fighting for themselves, but for workers everywhere. They have a right to a $15 minimum wage, they have a right to make ends meet, and they have a right to join a union. I am with them. 
Visiting with striking GM workers in Lordstown, Ohio. 
One of the safest cities in America "looked like a war zone" because a civilian owned a weapon of war. We need to buy back every single AR-15 and AK-47—and we can't let fear of the NRA stop us from saying so. 
I believe this is one of those moments where people, including Republicans, are going to put their country over their party, the future of this nation over their next election. 
“I would like you to do us a favor though”  
This confirms what we already knew: President Trump asked a foreign power to investigate a political rival. He’s unfit for office and needs to be impeached. 
This is how we free ourselves from fear:We decide what we believe in and we fight like hell to achieve it.We don't let anyone tell us what is possible. Because we the people decide what is possible in this country. 
North Carolina A;T students have a long history of political activism. But that has come with a history of voter suppression—which continues to this day. I signed their petition for an early voting site. On National Voter Registration Day, join me: 
Add your name if you agree President Trump is unfit for office and should be impeached: 
We have a lawless president, who has undermined our democracy; a racist president, who has incited violence; a reckless president, who has let our planet burn and fleeced taxpayers for his own benefit. To my former colleagues in Congress: Finish the job and impeach him.
In August of 2017, I was asked if I would vote to impeach Donald Trump. I said yes. I believed then what I believe now: Donald Trump is unfit to be president, he is a threat to our democracy, and he needs to be impeached. 
Ok. Now release the full whistleblower complaint. 
 I just spoke with who implored to pay its workers the wages they deserve. He wants them to end this strik…
LIVE NOW: Gun Violence Town Hall at McKinley United Methodist Church in Dayton, Ohio 
Read our full plan, and register to vote, today: 
We’ll return power to people by: ✅Ending gerrymandering and voter suppression✅Banning PAC contributions✅Making Election Day a federal holiday✅Enacting same day and automatic registration ✅Preventing members of congress from becoming lobbyists
Earlier this year, I released a voting rights plan to register 50 million new voters by 2024—and ensure 35 million new Americans show up to the polls.
That's why we need a New Voting Rights Act. Because the only way we're going to overcome the greatest set of challenges we've ever faced—from climate change to gun violence—is by fixing our democracy.
This is proof that progress is possible—which is why, on National Voter Registration Day, you should register to vote:  But we also need to recognize that it should never have been this hard for TSU students to vote on campus in the first place.
They organized, turned out, and elected Democrats up and down the ballot across the region—including a new County Clerk who, last month, announced that there would finally be an early polling location at TSU.
I find inspiration in the students of Texas Southern University, an HBCU in Texas. In 2018, the Harris County Clerk didn't allow them to have an early voting location—but the students refused to give in.
On National Voter Registration Day, let's all make sure that we're registered to vote—but let's also recognize how many of our fellow Americans are locked out of our democracy. We can't stop fighting until every voice is heard and every vote is counted.
If we allow the president to get away with the crimes he’s committed, then we will set the precedent that some people are above the law. And then, this democracy will be lost to us forever. It’s time for Speaker Pelosi and the House to do their job.
It was true when I said it in 2017 running for Senate in Texas and it's still true today: President Trump should be impeached.
We needed to protect the 22 killed in El Paso.We need to protect the 100 who will be killed by a gun today.Americans don't want assault weapons on our streets—including in Texas, We deserve a president who will stop this. And in 2020, we will elect one. 
Today I learned about Terrell who loved to play the bass; Archie who’d just been promoted from apprentice mechanic to parts manager; and Kenneth whose sons were the light of his life. At Purpose Over Pain, I met their mothers—whose resolve must inspire all of us to keep fighting. 
Transgender women are targeted, attacked, and murdered in our country with impunity. We must demand accountability. We must demand justice. We must demand an end to this epidemic. 
We don't need the transcripts. The president admitted to asking a foreign power to investigate a political opponent. Impeach him.
You can still be fired, denied a home, barred from adopting a child in America because of who you love. On  we must not only fight to pass The Equality Act, but to ensure equal treatment for every single person in our country.
Yesterday, I met with members of the Meskwaki Nation, who talked to me about the discrimination and violence they face. On  Day, let's commit to closing the pay gap—and guaranteeing equal pay for all. 
LIVE NOW: Beto Holds Town Hall at J’s Breakfast Club in Gary, Indiana 
We need to do better—for Greta, for the students marching for our lives, and for all of the young people who will inherit our planet from us in worse shape than we found it, unless we act. 
Climate change is the greatest existential threat we face—and our president thinks it's only worth 10 minutes of his time. 
Together, we can end this epidemic. 
 “I think El Paso reminded me or brought home for me how urgent this situation is out there in the country right now.”…
It was true when I was on the El Paso City Council and it’s true today: We must legalize marijuana and end the War on Drugs. 
No fear. 
Assault weapons have been used as instruments of terror to hunt down our fellow human beings across this country.We must buy back every single one.We must get them off our streets, out of our homes, and ensure they are never again used against us. 
Children of color are far more likely to be suspended, expelled, punished in classrooms than white students—even in first grade. This is how the school-to-prison pipeline works. And it’s on us to end it. 
Casey’s pizza. Breakfast of champions. 
Since my time on the El Paso City Council, I've been advocating for legalizing marijuana. We will never erase the damage done by the War on Drugs—the lives lost, the years spent behind bars—but we can end the cruelty today and begin to right the wrongs of our past. 
What is Congress waiting for? This is crazy. Unless we take action now, we will see the end of American democracy. 
This is how we free ourselves from fear: We decide what we believe in, we fight like hell to achieve it, and we don't let anyone—the NRA, corporations, PACs, or even our fellow Democrats—tell us what is and isn't possible. We, the people, decide what is possible in our country. 
Since saying "hell yes," I keep being asked if I'm afraid.I'd be afraid if I were a teacher protecting students from AR-15; if I were a trans woman of color; if I had to drive 300 miles for an abortion.But for those living in fear in America, our leaders must be fearless. 
I am so proud to lead this campaign of the best people in America. We’re gonna knock on every door, make every phone call, have every conversation with everyone—Democrats, Independents, and Republicans alike. Because, before we are anything else, we are all Americans first. 
 Congressman hypes up his supporters before walking into the Iowa Steak Fry: “To all of you boat building, ov…
Iowa. 
Hello Steak Fry! 
 I love Iowa.   
Joe is right: There is no bottom. Impeach him. 
Eight years ago, President Obama repealed Don't Ask Don't Tell. But with his transgender troop ban, Trump proved we still have a long way to go toward equality.Let's finish the work President Obama started and make sure everyone can serve our country, no matter who they are.
Trump would rather risk the lives of families who are seeking asylum than welcome them here. We need a president who honors our identity as a nation comprised of immigrants from the world over and recognizes they aren't a threat to our country, but the reason we are great. 
A woman in CO told me "hell no" she won't give back her AR-15.I listened, but by her logic: Why shouldn't you be allowed to have a bazooka or a tank?These are the conversations Congress shouldn't be afraid of—because if we're going to end this epidemic, we need to have them. 
In 2016, President Trump asked Russia to interfere in our elections. In 2020, he's asking Ukraine to do the same.If no one is above the law, then we have no choice but to impeach this president.When will Congress have the courage to act? 
Harvey was Houston's third 500-year flood in 3 years. Now, the region is flooding again.Climate change isn't a distant threat, it's already here. Following the lead of students like who I will be striking in solidarity with today, we must do everything to end it.
We have a lawless president, who is a threat to our democracy. He must be impeached.
Had the chance to sit down with We talked about why we need to end this epidemic of gun violence, what it was like to meet President Obama, and why I never made it past 8th grade basketball. Hope you listen.  
We need to end this epidemic. Sending love to D.C. 
 Minority Leader Chuck Schumer: "I don’t know of any other Democrat who agrees with O'Rourke fires bac…
I was asked about Chuck Schumer’s criticism of my plan to buy back assault weapons.My response is: What has he been able to get done?The American people are with us on this. They’re just waiting on Congress to do the right thing. 
I’m running for president of the United States—of everyone in the United States. If we really want to understand the story of this country, we need to go everywhere, from Blunts and Moore dispensary to Skid Row to San Quentin State Prison. 
The War on Drugs has always been a War on People. Here's how we'll end it:  
 Weed dispensary, San Quentin, Skid Row: is going where other Dems won't 
(Colt Firearms just announced they're stopping production of AR-15s:  
Deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Dr. Clyburn. Ms. Emily was a lifelong advocate for justice, progress, and equity in South Carolina. My thoughts are with and his entire family.
Thinking of our friends in Beaumont and the surrounding communities right now as they face serious flooding. Please stay safe and follow the lead of local first responders. We're with you. 
DC should be a state with two Senators and full representation in the House. Every voice deserves to be heard and every vote deserves to be counted in our democracy. 
LIVE NOW: Beto at Cannabis, Equity, and Justice Roundtable 
Donate any amount today to get a copy of my book on legalizing marijuana and ending the War on Drugs. 
 if you agree that it’s time to legalize marijuana. 
We will never erase the damage done by the drug war—the lives lost, the years spent behind bars—but we can begin to remedy the injustices of the past by ending the cruelty today. Read our full plan here: 
Let’s ensure those most impacted by the drug war benefit from the economic opportunities surrounding marijuana—by making sure they receive a majority of the licenses and waiving licensing fees for low-income people who have been convicted of marijuana offenses.
We will also invest in the communities that have long been most impacted by the War on Drugs—providing a “Drug War Justice Grant” to everyone who was formerly incarcerated for a nonviolent marijuana offense, funded entirely by a tax on the marijuana industry.
Our plan starts with: Legalizing marijuana, providing clemency for those currently serving time, and expunging the records of everyone who has been convicted for possession in the past. But we don’t stop there.
Today, we are releasing our plan to legalize marijuana and ensure that we repair the injustices of our nation’s drug policies—so they aren’t visited on future generations. Read it here: 
Even as marijuana has been legalized in states across our country, inequities have persisted—as white communities have benefited from new business opportunities, while communities of color still face over-policing and criminalization.
I believe today what I believed then: We don’t only need to legalize marijuana. We also need to repair the damage done to communities of color that have been locked up in our criminal justice system, or locked out of opportunity, because of the War on Drugs.
When I was on the El Paso City Council, I started advocating for legalizing marijuana and ending a War on Drugs I had seen become a War on People—devastating black and brown communities on both sides of the border. In 2011, I published a book about it: 
The media needs to stop fear-mongering. The only guns you will have to sell back are weapons of war, designed to kill as efficiently and effectively as possible. The American people are with me on this: AR-15s and AK-47s belong on the battlefield, not in our communities. 
Proud every single day to be fighting for LGBTQ+ equality alongside members across the country. Looking forward to the town hall. 
If Congress had made progress already, I might entertain the argument that a buyback is too politically risky. But playing it safe and allowing the NRA to set the terms of the debate no longer works for me, no longer works for our kids, and no longer works for this country. 
No más niños en jaulas.No más muros.No más de esta retórica que incita ataques hacia los inmigrantes. 
I visited the Downtown Women's Center in Skid Row, where women, especially women of color, who are struggling with homelessness—in the wealthiest country in the history of the world—are providing an example to all of us of how to respond to adversity.Please share their story. 
Today, the sent out a petition calling on supporters to "tell Beto no" to a mandatory buyback program. But the doesn't represent the American people—and today, we can prove it. Sign our petition calling for a buyback of every AR-15:  
The majority of the country supports background checks, licensing, red flag laws, and yes, a mandatory assault weapons buyback. The party is with us, the country is with us.Now it’s time for Democrats to lead.
Hell yes, we’re going to buy back every single assault weapon. I’m ready to get this done. Chip in today to support us:
Yes, we’re going to buy back every assault weapon. And pass background checks, pass red flag laws, and create a gun licensing program. The only thing stopping Trump from taking action is his own cowardice. Can you donate to help us send that message today?
Hell yes, we’re going to buy back every single assault weapon. I’m ready to get this done. Chip in today to support us:
Yes, we’re going to buy back every assault weapon. And pass background checks, pass red flag laws, and create a gun licensing program. The only thing stopping Trump from taking action is his own cowardice. Can you donate to help us send that message today?
Hell yes, we’re going to buy back every single assault weapon. I’m ready to get this done. Chip in today to support us:
Yes, we’re going to buy back every assault weapon. And pass background checks, pass red flag laws, and create a gun licensing program. The only thing stopping Trump from taking action is his own cowardice. Can you donate to help us send that message today?
Hell yes, we’re going to buy back every single assault weapon. I’m ready to get this done. Chip in today to support us:
Yes, we’re going to buy back every assault weapon. And pass background checks, pass red flag laws, and create a gun licensing program. The only thing stopping Trump from taking action is his own cowardice. Can you donate to help us send that message today?
When kids go back to school, they have plenty to worry about. They shouldn’t also have to wonder if they’re going to make it home. We need to buy back all of these assault weapons.Warning: It’s graphic, but this is an important video from
The Amazon is burning. Farms are underwater. The Bahamas was hit by a historic hurricane. And yet—as CA fights to end climate change, Trump is doing everything he can to stop them from doing so.His ignorance and malice know no bounds. And our future is at risk because of it. 
To be clear: We will buy back every single assault weapon. We‘ll also license every gun ; do a background check on every buyer. That’s what the American people want—and deserve. The only thing stopping us from ending this epidemic is you ; your cowardice. Do the right thing. 
Legalizing marijuana isn't enough. We also need to make sure those most impacted by the War on Drugs have a chance to benefit from this growing industry. Thanks to everyone at Equity First Alliance and Cage-Free Cannabis in L.A. for sharing their stories with me today. 
 Tonight, I'm leading 20+ in holding the floor and calling on Mitch McConnell to act on gun violence. More…
The problem with homelessness isn’t that it’s inconvenient for Donald Trump and his wealthy friends. It’s that there are people in the same country as Donald Trump and his wealthy friends who are forced to live on the street.
We can end homelessness. But to do so, we need a President who will tackle this problem with the compassion it requires.
This is classic Trump. He’s going to terrorize homeless  Americans because he thinks they can’t fight back. They deserve shelter. They deserve affordable housing.  They deserve mental health care. And most of all they deserve dignity.
Ms. Hill wants to be either a chef or cosmetologist, but for now, she’d like for the government to look at her not like a criminal, but like a human being doing what she can to survive. 
Today, I spent time with people experiencing homelessness in LA — people like Ms. Hill. She sleeps next to 49 other women. When she needs privacy, she goes out to one of the tents on Skid Row, where police often harass and arrest people like her.
 Cada día, inmigrantes alrededor de este país deciden convertirse en ciudadanos estadounidenses. Hoy en el Día Nacional d…
Our president is a white supremacist—and, as we saw in El Paso, this kind of rhetoric poses a mortal threat to people of color. 
A Republican mayor, putting country over party, to end this epidemic. “I’ve gone to church, I’ve prayed,” he said. “My prayers aren’t working.”Thank you, Mayor Cretekos. 
We need to buy back every single one of these assault weapons. 
Your trade war has cost us 300,000 U.S. jobs and is one of the largest middle class tax hikes in history. Farmers, manufacturers, Americans across the country are the ones "eating it." 
 En el mes de la Herencia Hispana celebramos las contribuciones de los latinos a este país, como Dolores Huerta.Hace 50…
The inventor of the AR-15 was "focused on making the most efficient and superior rifle possible for the military," his family says. They say he would agree weapons of war like AR-15s have no place in our communities. 
I am with the United Auto Workers on strike today—and with workers everywhere, fighting for the dignity they deserve.
As President I will not go to war for Saudi Arabia, nor will I let Saudi Arabia dictate our foreign policy.
When candidates say, "At least Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell are pretending to be interested," shit, that is not enough. Neither is poll-testing your message. Gun violence is a life or death issue—and we have to represent the bold ideas of people all over the country. 
Proud to call El Paso home—a community of immigrants, refugees, and asylum seekers that represents the best of America.As Hispanic Heritage Month begins, let’s commit to defending Latinx Americans from the threats they face and celebrating them for making our country great. 
Yesterday, we learned of another accusation against Brett Kavanaugh—one we didn't find out about before he was confirmed because the Senate forced the F.B.I. to rush its investigation to save his nomination. We know he lied under oath. He should be impeached.
Who the hell cares about Joe Biden's age? You have kids in cages. You have 10 years left to confront climate change. Millions who can't see a doctor. Nearly 40,000 gun deaths a year. A lawless president. We have to talk about the big things people in this country care about. 
Leaving millions of weapons of war on the streets because Trump and McConnell are “at least pretending to be open to reforms”? That calculation and fear is what got us here in the first place. Let’s have the courage to say what we believe and fight for it. 
I was asked about saying mandatory buybacks are "awful."I said the priorities in D.C. are screwed up.What's awful is a 17 month-old baby shot in the face with an AR-15 in Odessa. What's awful is 22 people killed in a Walmart buying school supplies in El Paso. 
I was asked if it’s naive to advocate for a mandatory buyback of assault weapons. The answer is no. It’s naive to maintain the status quo, where nearly 40,000 Americans lose their lives to gun violence every year. 
In the last senate race, Democrats lost Fort Bend County by 19 points. But in 2018, we won it by 12. We did that by organizing everywhere, knocking on doors, and working with candidates up and down the ticket. Great to be back today to support in her HD28 election. 
Can't wait to be back in north Texas on Sunday! Hope you'll join us in Plano at Saigling House for a 1:15 rally. Everyone is welcome. Details here: 
LIVE NOW: Beto at Canvass Organizing Rally in Fort Bend County, Texas  
 Dangerous anti-immigrant hate spewed by FOX, Trump+enablers puts communities of color ; immigrant communities l…
 Be everywhere Be honestBe hopeful Believe. 
Transgender women of color have been targeted, attacked, and murdered across America. We know of 18 transgender people killed this year alone. If we don't confront this reality then we can't correct it. Justice must be served for Bee Love Slater. Equality must be secured for all. 
We can't allow the NRA to set the terms of this debate. We can't allow people sending death threats to set the terms of this debate. We should be following the lead of the students marching for our lives, who actually want us to do something about gun violence. 
Last night, I was asked if I’d buy back AR-15s and AK-47s.I said, “Hell yes.”If you’re with me, . 
This is a good step, but doesn’t have to wait for Congress to act. They can stop processing credit card payments on assault weapons today. 
Much respect to Sen. Coons for leading the fight on background checks. But the time for letting status quo politics determine how far we can go is over. If we agree that having millions of weapons of war on the streets is a bad idea, we have to do something about it. 
Both parties have deported immigrants who pose no threat to our country.Democrats need to get off the back foot—and legalize America. Make Dreamers citizens. Make their families citizens. And make sure we have a safe system to come and contribute to this country. 
Texas faced two mass shootings in a month—and the furthest Governor Abbott will go is “voluntary” background checks. We need background checks on every sale—no loopholes, no exceptions. We need to buy back every assault weapon. And it’s on all of us to get it done. 
The very thing that drew that killer to EL Paso is the very thing that helps us set the example for the rest of the country.We don't see our differences as disqualifying or dangerous. We see them as foundational to our success, our strength, and our security. 
We had a great debate night. Chip in whatever you can to help keep our campaign on the road. I’m so grateful for your support.
We had a great debate night. Chip in whatever you can to help keep our campaign on the road. I’m so grateful for your support.
We had a great debate night. Chip in whatever you can to help keep our campaign on the road. I’m so grateful for your support.
Just came off the debate stage, and it was a great night. Please chip in $5, $10, $15 to keep our campaign strong through the next debate in October.
Just came off the debate stage, and it was a great night. Please chip in $5, $10, $15 to keep our campaign strong through the next debate in October.
Just came off the debate stage, and it was a great night. Please chip in $5, $10, $15 to keep our campaign strong through the next debate in October.
LIVE NOW: Beto at Debate Watch Party with Organizers ; Supporters in Houston, Texas 
LIVE NOW: Beto at Debate Watch Party with Organizers ; Supporters in Houston, Texas 
This is a death threat, Representative. Clearly, you shouldn't own an AR-15—and neither should anyone else. 
You can't own a grenade launcher or drive a tank down the street. These AR-15s and AK-47s are weapons of war—and we need to buy back every single one of them. 
 Hell yeah, we're going to take your AR-15. If it's a weapon that was designed to kill people on the battlefield, we're goi…
Hell yes, we're going to take your AR-15.Buy your shirt now:  
Three hours, not one question on abortion—with women's rights under attack across our country.
Luis is the coach of Fusion, a girls' soccer team. On August 3rd, he was selling lemonade and horchata to raise money to send the team to a tournament in Tucson.Luis was shot in the side and in the leg that day—but he's stronger than ever. So is El Paso. 
Everything I've learned about resilience I've learned from my hometown of El Paso.The very thing that drew that killer to us is the very thing that lets us set an example to our country.We don't see our differences as a weakness, but as a strength.
 Hell yes – the fact that people can buy AR-15s and other weapons of war and cause mass destruction is wro…
  on climate change: “This is the very future of our planet and our ability for our children and grandchildren to be a…
We need the make the biggest investment in combating climate change the world has ever seen. Here’s our plan: 
Donate:  
Hell yes, we’re going to take your AR-15, your AK-47. We’re not going to allow it to be used against a fellow American anymore. Chip in to our campaign. 
Hell yes, we’re going to take your AR-15, your AK-47. We’re not going to allow it to be used against a fellow American anymore. Chip in to our campaign. 
Hell yeah, we're going to take your AR-15. If it's a weapon that was designed to kill people on the battlefield, we're going to buy it back. 
Democrats have to get off our back-foot on this. We need to stop caging kids, make Dreamers U.S. citizens, and rewrite our immigration laws in our own image.
We need to buy back every single assault weapon. Donate to help us do it: 
I called this out in no uncertain terms on August 3rd, and I was talking about it long before: Racism is endemic to our country—and we have a white supremacist in the White House. 
Hell yes, we're gonna take your AR-15.
We have a white supremacist in the White House, who is a mortal threat to people of color in this country. Here's proof:  
We have a white supremacist in the White House.
We need to reject the false choice between the status quo and a plan that would eliminate private insurance. Our health care plan will ensure guaranteed access to high-quality, universal health care—and dramatically reduce out of pocket costs. Here’s how it works: 
The shooter in El Paso was inspired by our president—and used a weapon he never should have been able to purchase in our country. The only way we will meet this challenge is if we see this threat clearly, speak honestly, and act decisively. 
The shooter in El Paso was inspired by our president—and used a weapon he never should have been able to purchase in our country. The only way we will meet this challenge is if we see this threat clearly, speak honestly, and act decisively. 
We have to see clearly, speak honestly, and act decisively—to defeat Donald Trump and bring our country together.
On August 3rd, in El Paso, Texas, two things became clear—and produced a turning point for our country. The first is how dangerous Donald Trump is and the second is how insufficient our politics is to meet the threat of this moment right now.
 We’ve started a weekly update series for Beto supporters to get a read in on our campaign.  Here’s the first one. We fi…
 ‘I want to make sure our administration reflects the true genius and diversity of this country.’ — explains w…
8 human beings have lost their lives in our custody this year alone. This is being done in our names. It's on our hands. And in a democracy, where the people are the government and the government is the people, it's on us to make this right and end this cruelty. 
 Welcome to our house 
If enough of us make our voices heard now, we will force banks and credit card companies to act. Add your name to this petition we’re sending Visa, Mastercard, and the big banks: 
Banks and credit card companies must: 1⃣Refuse to take part in the sale of assault weapons.2⃣Stop processing transactions for gun sales online ; at gun shows without background checks.3⃣Stop doing business with gun ; ammo manufacturers who produce or sell assault weapons
Credit cards have enabled many of America’s mass shootings in the last decade—and with Washington unwilling to act, they need to cut off the sales of weapons of war today. 
"I'm not gonna be a millionaire. I just want to be able to do what I love."That's what Tim said when we visited him and the bearing the brunt of an economy that's rigged against them, but they're also working hard as ever. It’s on us to do right by them. 
Trump's policy on asylum seekers isn't only racist, it's cruel—preventing some of the world's most desperate and vulnerable human beings from finding safety. With its decision today, The Supreme Court has put lives in danger. 
Houston: As soon as I'm off the debate stage tomorrow night, I'll be joining you at Henke and Pillot for our watch party. I hope to see you there. Sign up: 
  secured 39 endorsements from women leaders across Texas, building a broad coalition of over 100 Texas endor…
In 2018, Houston helped us win more votes than any Democrat in the history of Texas—and in 2020, Houston will be the reason we win Texas's 38 electoral votes and defeat Donald Trump. Sign on if you're with us.
In 2018, Houston helped us win more votes than any Democrat in the history of Texas—and in 2020, Houston will be the reason we win Texas's 38 electoral votes and defeat Donald Trump. Sign on if you're with us.
In 2018, Houston helped us win more votes than any Democrat in the history of Texas—and in 2020, Houston will be the reason we win Texas's 38 electoral votes and defeat Donald Trump. Sign on if you're with us.
In 2018, Houston helped us win more votes than any Democrat in the history of Texas—and in 2020, Houston will be the reason we win Texas's 38 electoral votes and defeat Donald Trump. Sign on if you're with us.
In 2018, Houston helped us win more votes than any Democrat in the history of Texas—and in 2020, Houston will be the reason we win Texas's 38 electoral votes and defeat Donald Trump. Sign on if you're with us.
The reason our country created Temporary Protected Status is for moments like this—so we can provide a safe harbor to those who need one most. The Trump Administration has stated, again and again, they want our country to become whiter. Thousands are now suffering as a result.
He would have granted it if they were from Norway. 
"It definitely felt like I was in the right place, talking to the right people." That's what Amy wrote after her first solo trip to New Hampshire. So grateful she was out on the trail; and so grateful to everyone who welcomed her to the Granite State. 
In 2018, we put Texas in play for the first time in decades. In 2020, we're going to win it. And the state's 38 electoral votes will ensure that we defeat Trump. Grateful for the more than 100 Texas elected officials and community leaders who have endorsed our campaign. 
Our campaign has always been about going everywhere and talking to everyone—including those whose first language isn't English. That's why we're really excited to launch where we'll continue to have conversations and listen pero en español. ¡Síguenos! 
Trump is denying asylum seekers the right to a fair hearing, forcing them to Remain in Mexico, without access to counsel. These tent facilities are an assault on the values of our country—which is, and always will be, a nation of laws; and a nation of immigrants. 
Every year on 9/11, we are called to remember the service and sacrifice of our first responders, who risked everything for their fellow human beings. They, like the heroes in El Paso on August 3rd, ran toward danger. And we will never forget their bravery.
That's 300,000 human beings, who don't know how they'll provide for their families, put food on their tables, make enough to get by. President Trump is responsible for this, and it's on us to hold him accountable. 
Our president has spent years sabotaging The Affordable Care Act at every turn—and now, we're paying the price. We need a president who will fight to achieve universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care for every single American. 
Women's health care shouldn't be a privilege for the few, but a right for everyone. That includes abortion. South Carolina's bill is unconstitutional, it's wrong, and it's on all of us to call on the State Senate to vote it down. 
Dan is running to flip a seat Republicans have held since 1963—and today, you can help him do it. If you’re in North Carolina’s 9th district, get out and vote to elect Dan and send a message that Democrats aren’t only coming for safe seats. We’re coming for all of them. 
We’ve heard a lot of feedback from folks over the last few weeks about issues that matter most to them — if it’s gun violence prevention, immigration reform, or climate change. Fill out this short survey to have your voice heard.
The debate is just a few days away! Whether it’s gun violence, climate change, or healthcare, we want to make sure our campaign is covering the issues that matter most to you. Take our brief survey to let us know what we should cover on the debate stage:
Living close to work shouldn't be a luxury for the rich. It's a right for everyone. 
Racist. 
We’ve heard a lot of feedback from folks over the last few weeks about issues that matter most to them — if it’s gun violence prevention, immigration reform, or climate change. Fill out this short survey to have your voice heard.
We’ve heard a lot of feedback from folks over the last few weeks about issues that matter most to them — if it’s gun violence prevention, immigration reform, or climate change. Fill out this short survey to have your voice heard.
We’ve heard a lot of feedback from folks over the last few weeks about issues that matter most to them — if it’s gun violence prevention, immigration reform, or climate change. Fill out this short survey to have your voice heard.
"Criminals" and "rapists." "Animals" and "bad people."  Trump doesn't see immigrants as humans beings to be welcomed into our country, but as a threat to be kept out.He shouldn't be stoking fear of Bahamians; he should be offering them refuge. And it's on us to demand he does. 
The debate is just a few days away! Whether it’s gun violence, climate change, or healthcare, we want to make sure our campaign is covering the issues that matter most to you. Take our brief survey to let us know what we should cover on the debate stage:
The debate is just a few days away! Whether it’s gun violence, climate change, or healthcare, we want to make sure our campaign is covering the issues that matter most to you. Take our brief survey to let us know what we should cover on the debate stage:
The debate is just a few days away! Whether it’s gun violence, climate change, or healthcare, we want to make sure our campaign is covering the issues that matter most to you. Take our brief survey to let us know what we should cover on the debate stage:
The debate is just a few days away! Whether it’s gun violence, climate change, or healthcare, we want to make sure our campaign is covering the issues that matter most to you. Take our brief survey to let us know what we should cover on the debate stage:
No one knows more about the cost of gun violence, and no one is doing more to end this epidemic, than I am with because I refuse to accept this as our fate. Gun violence is a human-created problem, and we can be the humans who end it. 
This is the height of cruelty—denying help to those who need it most. This administration has said the words on the Statue of Liberty should be rewritten, and in their actions, they are already changing who we are as a country. It's on us to prove we're better than this. 
Good read.
20 veterans die by suicide every day across America. In Congress, my proposal to expand access to mental health care for veterans was signed into law. But our work isn't done. This is an epidemic—and as National Suicide Prevention Week begins, we must do everything to end it.
 Writing no one off. Going everywhere. Listening to everyone. That is what this campaign is about. That is who Beto O…
"Doing nothing is not an option." Thank you, Shauna, for your courage—last weekend, when the shooter opened fire, and today. We must all come together, Democrats and Republicans, gun-owners and non-owners alike, to end this epidemic. 
A student asked what she should say to family members who support Trump.I said she should tell them what's important to her—and why—because conversations like these are how our democracy works when it works best. And if there were ever a time to have them, it's now. 
Yesterday, we heard Trump wants to cut the number of refugees in our country. Today, I spent time with Reverend Sandra Pontoh and Indonesian asylum seekers, who are living proof that America will always be a proud nation of immigrants—no matter who our president is. 
 Happy birthday, Brian! Congratulations on the guitar. Take good care of it.
At its best, America is defined by its aspirations—and by the resolve of the people who work to see them realized. That leadership will ensure we end the epidemic of gun violence, pass a reparations bill, make health care a right, and rewrite our immigration laws in our image. 
Though America produced the hatred that led to the El Paso shooting, our country also produced the students who sat at the Woolworth’s counter and the students marching for their lives—and all of ours—today. In NH, I shared my belief that they'll be the ones to define who we are. 
LIVE NOW: Beto Delivers Remarks at the New Hampshire Democratic Party Convention 
"We feel like God requires from us to be with the immigrant." — Rabbi Sharon KleinbaumCongregation Beit Simchat Torah is a sanctuary synagogue—welcoming of immigrants, no matter who they are or who they love. So grateful they let me visit; and so grateful for their leadership. 
I was asked if I’d go on Fox News. The answer is I would, but not without holding them accountable for trafficking in the kinds of lies and hysteria and bigotry and fear and racism that produces violence, hate, and paranoia in this country—as it did in El Paso last month. 
No one should have to choose between paying for their kid to go to college and paying for the medication they need to stay alive. 
LIVE NOW: Beto at Keene State 
 Today, returns to New Hampshire. 
 HAPPENING NOW: is speaking to members of the Islamic Society of New Hampshire“We have to connect the dots and…
Our president called for banning all Muslims from entering our country—but as I saw at the Islamic Society of New Hampshire today, his divisiveness, his hatred, and his racism are no match for our strength, unity, and resiliency. 
Beto O’Rourke Visits the Islamic Society of New Hampshire 
We need more refugees, not fewer.This administration, which believes the words engraved into the Statue of Liberty should be rewritten, has no idea what our country stands for. America was founded by refugees, immigrants, asylum seekers—and every day, they make us stronger. 
 I’ve sent letters to each of and on behalf of not just our campaign - but every campaign who…
Vamos a ofrecer a cada DREAMer ciudadanía adentro de los Estados Unidos para que puedan contribuir aún más al éxito de este país. Además vamos a legalizar los millones que están aquí, que están trabajando en los trabajos más duros. 
 "This is your job, not ours": O’Rourke campaign, stung by Twitter smear, implores tech firms to erase disinformation ht…
The minimum wage in Texas is $7.25 an hour—not enough to pay rent, put food on the table, or take care of your kids, without working a second or third job.We need a minimum wage that's a living wage, so every American is paid at least $15 an hour, no matter where they live. 
 I’ve met some amazing people across the state today. So inspired and excited to continue having conversations face to face w…
A man from Georgia asked me what I will do about voting rights.That’s because, were it not for voter suppression, Stacey Abrams would be governor right now.We need a New Voting Rights Act, so every voice is heard and every vote is counted. 
Live: Beto at Tufts University 
Avery: Thank you for having us. 
Two years ago, Trump tried to roll back DACA—because he wanted to deport Dreamers from their home country. Let's be clear: Dreamers are Americans. They make our country stronger. And it's long past time for us to sign the DREAM Act into law, so they can become citizens.
 Folks. Beto's on a bus. He's doing a town hall.  It's a Bus Town Hall! 
We left New Haven on time. 
 We need to be bold enough to talk about the real solutions to the problems we face. If you’re truthful and direct, no matt…
Not one of these orders mentions guns... 
Trump is defunding hurricane recovery in Puerto Rico, and laying off of Russia in Europe, to fund his racist border wall. 
New York —&gt; Boston 
If we come together, Democrats and Republicans, we can lead the world on the greatest threat we have ever faced. This is our challenge, and I know we are up to the test. 
 Hey everyone! I’m taking over the Twitter feed today. We’re starting the day off at a gun violence prevention…
We should price carbon—and I think the best possible path to do that is a cap-and-trade system, which holds polluters accountable and provides dividends to the communities most affected by climate change. 
We need to honor our best traditions as a country of immigrants—and allow those impacted by climate change to apply for asylum in our country. It's the right thing to do, it's just, and those we welcome to our country will make us stronger, more successful, and more secure. 
 Puerto Ricans are Americans. It's our duty to protect them from the escalating natural disasters caused by climate change.…
I know Americans are up to the challenge, because I’ve been listening to Americans all around this country. We just need leadership that reflects that ambition—and the hard work, commitment, and ingenuity we will bring to get it done. 
 When asked about coming from the oil-rich state of Texas, flips the question and says…
I believe in science, I believe in the truth, and I believe in facts. 
The wealthiest countries have produced the majority of the climate change we’ve seen that is disproportionately impacting low-income countries—countries like the Bahamas. Let’s offer Temporary Protected Status to everyone there who wants to seek refuge in our country.
Solving climate change is not inexpensive—but what is far more expensive is failing to do so. 
 Communities of color suffer the consequences of pollution and climate change. As president, I'll invest $1.2 trillion in those most harmed by our environment—so they can not only combat the worst consequences of climate change, but lead our clean energy future.
The will receive the credit for the change we see. They have forced those in power, and those in public trust, to solve these challenges. The United States, the indispensable country, will meet this moment—and it will be because of them. 
We don’t get a second chance at solving climate change. This is America, and we are up to this challenge. 
Climate change is our greatest existential threat. The work starts on day one. Here’s our plan:  
 The  with former Rep. Beto O'Rourke, moderated by CNN’s starts now. Watch LIVE on CNN: 
Every Wednesday, Rabbi Marissa James, Rabbi Sharon Kleinbaum, Congregation Beit Simcha Torah, and volunteer lawyers from across New York welcome asylum seekers—providing a safe space to LGBTQ+, immigrant, and Jewish New Yorkers. So grateful they let me spend the night with them. 
President Trump is diverting $3.6 billion from our military—including $20 million from Fort Bliss in El Paso—to pay for his wall. Our service members keep us safe. His wall is useless. Our safety is the price of Trump's racism. And we're all paying for it. 
The rhetoric we've used before has done absolutely nothing to save the lives of our fellow Americans. 
 “Every single dynamic of American life and policymaking is connected to climate.”WATCH: highlights Iowa's
The stakes are clear. We are running out of time to act. We have to do everything we can to overcome this challenge and we have to do it now. Here's what I'll do as president: 
Climate change is the greatest threat we face—and we have one last chance to meet this moment before it's too late. That's why we were the first campaign to release a plan: 
This confirms what we already knew: The children separated from their families, locked in cages, forced to sleep on concrete floors under tinfoil blankets, will live with this trauma for the rest of their lives. We'll have it on our consciences for the rest of ours. 
We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Add your name ; tell McConnell to do something.
We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Add your name ; tell McConnell to do something.
We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Add your name ; tell McConnell to do something.
We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Add your name ; tell McConnell to do something.
We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Sign on ; tell McConnell to do something.
We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Sign on ; tell McConnell to do something.
We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Sign on ; tell McConnell to do something.
We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Sign on ; tell McConnell to do something.
In Hong Kong, with threats to their freedom, protestors kept marching, kept speaking out until the government was forced to act. An inspiration to all of us who still believe in the power of the people to bring about change. We continue to stand with the people of Hong Kong. 
 The responsibility for stopping misinformation cannot be on the victims of misinformation attacks. It has to be on the…
1 month ago, a white nationalist drove 600 miles to terrorize our community of immigrants—but El Paso is stronger than ever.We'll never forget the 22 lives we lost that day ; we won't stop fighting until we end an epidemic of gun violence that claims nearly 40,000 lives a year. 

We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Add your name ; tell McConnell to do something.
More than six months ago, the House passed a bipartisan bill to address this gun violence epidemic. And yet, Mitch McConnell still refuses to hold a vote on it in the Senate. Add your name to demand an immediate vote on gun reform legislation in the Senate.
More than six months ago, the House passed a bipartisan bill to address this gun violence epidemic. And yet, Mitch McConnell still refuses to hold a vote on it in the Senate. Add your name to demand an immediate vote on gun reform legislation in the Senate.
We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Add your name ; tell McConnell to do something.
More than six months ago, the House passed a bipartisan bill to address this gun violence epidemic. And yet, Mitch McConnell still refuses to hold a vote on it in the Senate. Add your name to demand an immediate vote on gun reform legislation in the Senate.
We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Add your name ; tell McConnell to do something.
We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Add your name ; tell McConnell to do something.
More than six months ago, the House passed a bipartisan bill to address this gun violence epidemic. And yet, Mitch McConnell still refuses to hold a vote on it in the Senate. Add your name to demand an immediate vote on gun reform legislation in the Senate.
Close every loophole. Buy back every assault weapon. Vote out every member of Congress who won't do anything to end this epidemic. 
We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Add your name ; tell McConnell to do something.
More than six months ago, the House passed a bipartisan bill to address this gun violence epidemic. And yet, Mitch McConnell still refuses to hold a vote on it in the Senate. Add your name to demand an immediate vote on gun reform legislation in the Senate.
We can’t rely on corporations to end America’s crisis of gun violence. We need red flag laws, we need to buy back every single assault weapon, we need universal background checks like those that passed the House six months ago. Add your name ; tell McConnell to do something.
More than six months ago, the House passed a bipartisan bill to address this gun violence epidemic. And yet, Mitch McConnell still refuses to hold a vote on it in the Senate. Add your name to demand an immediate vote on gun reform legislation in the Senate.
Six months ago, the House passed a bipartisan bill to address our epidemic of gun violence—and yet, Mitch McConnell still refuses to even hold a vote. Add your name to demand an immediate vote on gun reform legislation in the Senate. 
What’s the point of your office and your branch of government if you have to wait for permission from the president to act? This is not leadership, it’s cowardice. 
This is a step in the right direction—and I'm grateful Walmart has taken action—but we can't rely on corporations to stop gun violence. We need universal background checks, we need red flag laws, and we need to buy back every single assault weapon. 
Billy, and people like him across our country, are recognizing weapons of war have no place in our communities. Thank you, Billy, for your leadership. Together, we will end this epidemic. 
“If I die, politicize my death.” That's what Anavelee wrote during Saturday's shooting. I was impressed and inspired by her strength, grace, and desire for real, no-bullshit answers to the questions she has about her future. I hope we are worthy of her.
I'm fighting for a 21st Century Labor Contract, so all workers will:✅Be able to join a union✅Get paid a living wage✅Need just one job to make ends meet✅Be hired and paid based on what they do—not who they are✅Have access to the training they need and a fair labor market
I was asked how I'd address people's fears that we will take away their assault rifles.I want to be clear: That's exactly what we're going to do. Americans who own AR-15s and AK-47s will have to sell their assault weapons. All of them. 
Your contributions make our campaign possible. Chip in today to bring us through North Carolina, Virginia, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey this week — and more communities across this country in the weeks to come.
Your contributions make our campaign possible. Chip in today to bring us through North Carolina, Virginia, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey this week — and more communities across this country in the weeks to come.
Your contributions make our campaign possible. Chip in today to bring us through North Carolina, Virginia, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey this week — and more communities across this country in the weeks to come.
Your contributions make our campaign possible. Chip in today to bring us through North Carolina, Virginia, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey this week — and more communities across this country in the weeks to come.
Your donations help us reach voters in North Carolina, Virginia, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and all across this country. Donate to support our campaign team, keep us on the road, and win this election. If you can, chip in today and thank you:
Your donations help us reach voters in North Carolina, Virginia, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and all across this country. Donate to support our campaign team, keep us on the road, and win this election. If you can, chip in today and thank you:
Your donations help us reach voters in North Carolina, Virginia, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and all across this country. Donate to support our campaign team, keep us on the road, and win this election. If you can, chip in today and thank you:
Your donations help us reach voters in North Carolina, Virginia, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and all across this country. Donate to support our campaign team, keep us on the road, and win this election. If you can, chip in today and thank you:
El Paso has restored our faith in humanity—and shown this country that we will not be defined by an act of terror, but by the way our community of immigrants overcame it. Thank you to for bringing us together again last night. 
Heartbroken for everyone in the Bahamas. Stay as safe as you can—and know we are with you. 
As we mourn the lives lost in Midland and Odessa, we can't wait to act. Keep up the faith. Keep up the pressure. Let’s change this now. 
America is powered by workers—all workers: in factories and homes, in red states and blue states, documented and undocumented. On Labor Day, we celebrate the progress unions have helped us make—but resolve to keep fighting until every worker has the dignity they deserve.
On August 3rd we were attacked for who we are. Khalid is showing that who we are — a people who embrace ; celebrate our differences as well as our fierce pride as Americans — might hold the answer to how this divided country can come together again.
Khalid moved to El Paso when he was a senior in high school, flourished here, and said later “I didn’t feel like I had a home until I moved to El Paso.” He chose to embrace El Paso and has now come back to help and to celebrate El Paso.
I can’t tell you what it means for El Paso to have here. He was amazing tonight. Giving so much of his time and talent and compassion to families who’ve been through so much. Bringing power and joy to the people of El Paso and Juarez. 
LIVE NOW: Beto at Khalid's "A Night For Suncity" 
 When Tank went to Walmart on August 3rd, he was there to raise money for a girls’ soccer team—before he was shot at point blank range. I visited Tank today in the hospital, where he's starting to do better, and I am so grateful to be with his family tonight. 
Last time I had the chance to see Chris, he was in the hospital—recovering after he risked his life to confront the shooter in El Paso. Chris is a hero. So great to be with him at “A Night For Suncity.” 
As Midland and Odessa mourn the lives lost in their community, El Paso is still recovering—but we’re stronger than ever.I am so proud of our community of immigrants, refugees, and asylum seekers, which is serving as an example for our country.This is our story: 
 Thank you, Congressman. It was true when we live-streamed from the floor of Congress, and it’s true today: Weapons of war have no place in our communities.
 New in the store...100% of the proceeds will benefit and This is fucked up. We can change i…
Then do something about it. 
Buy them all back. 
Profanity is not the f-bomb. What is profane is a 17 month-old baby being shot in the face. 
 Profanity ain't the F-bomb.Profanity is living in a country where a 17 MONTH OLD BABY IS SHOT IN THE FACE ; the moral cowar…
Thoughts and prayers have done nothing to stop the epidemic of gun violence. Yes, this is fucked up; and if we don't call it out for what it is, we will continue to have this bloodshed in America. 
We don't know how many have been killed. We don't know the motivation. But here's what we do know: This is fucked up. 
Live now: Beto speaking in Fairfax Station, Virginia 
Nuestros corazones están con toda la gente de Midland, Odessa, y el Oeste de Texas que ha sufrido esto de nuevo. Mientras conocemos más detalles lo que sí sabemos es esto: tenemos que terminar con esta epidemia.
Our hearts are with Midland, Odessa, and everyone in West Texas who has to endure this again. More information is forthcoming, but here's what we know: We need to end this epidemic. 
  in Charlottesville just now, on taking down the statue of Robert E. Lee: “We cannot wonder how racism contin…
Ten kids shot. Ten lives forever changed. We can accept this epidemic as our fate—or we can end it. 
We need to buy back every single assault weapon. 
This month, after tragedy hit El Paso, we stopped campaigning and headed home. I'm glad we did, but we need to catch up on fundraising. On the final day of the month, can you help us hit our goal? This is a campaign of people—and every dollar counts. 
When hate descended on Charlottesville, Heather Heyer responded with love. That day, her life was taken by white supremacists the president referred to as "very fine people." We will never forget her courage—and with her in mind, we will never stop fighting for justice. 
I have hope because of people like Mr. Alexander, who has been helping to integrate schools since 1959—when he was 6 years-old. “YOGO,” he likes to say. “Yo! Let it go...” 
This morning, I listened to and learned from community leaders who are spearheading the redevelopment of Vinegar Hill—an African American community that was razed in 1965. They still have hope; and so do I. 
Champion Brewing Company and Chris Long just released a new IPA called Waterboys. Proceeds from this beer will help bring water to communities that need it—all across the world. Thank you, Champion Brewing Company, for the IPA; and for your leadership. 
 Pumped to be back in the Hawkeye State for my pal this weekend!  
The maternal mortality crisis in America is 3x as deadly for women of color, and the infant mortality disparity is greater than it was in 1850. To address these disparities, we need to not only root out the discrimination in our health care system, but in our country. 
Joining Virginia State Senate candidate Amy Laufer for a canvass kickoff with volunteers ahead of critical state elections for control of the state legislature. 
65 years after Brown, schools across our country continue to become more segregated. We need to close the school-to-prison pipeline; eliminate the $23 billion funding shortage for non-white schools, and guarantee every student has access to a teacher who looks like them. 
When Hurricane Dorian hits, Trump will say this was an unavoidable act of nature, but the truth is, the damage will be way worse because of his incompetence, recklessness, and hatred.
Even as storm after storm hits our country, President Trump refuses to do anything to combat climate change—pulling out of the Paris Climate Agreement and hijacking the EPA.
When Puerto Rico seemed like it might be in the path of Hurricane Dorian, instead of promising to protect his constituents, President Trump called Puerto Rico “one of the most corrupt places on earth”—and complained about “yet another” hurricane heading their way.
A year after Hurricane Maria, many homes in Puerto Rico still hadn’t been rebuilt—and many puertorriqueños were left without basic necessities. Many still haven’t recovered.
When Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico, President Trump’s abysmal response contributed to the nearly 3,000 people who lost their lives as a result of the storm. Trump, meanwhile, called his efforts “one of the best jobs that’s ever been done.”
This week, with storms on the horizon, President Trump moved more than $150 million from FEMA to ICE. Think about that: He has prioritized locking children in cages over helping communities recover from hurricanes.
With Hurricane Dorian headed toward our shores, let’s send love to all who may be impacted—and also acknowledge we have a President who has proven incapable of responding to these storms. This is his record:
Pads.Showers.Toothbrushes.Soap.They will not treat immigrants with basic human dignity—because they do not see them as human. 
The road to 2020 runs through 2019. The road to America runs through the Commonwealth of Virginia. Thank you, Virginia Tech, for inspiring me—and serving as an example for our country. 
See you soon. 
At our town hall in Roanoke, I met Sarah, who told me that she was a student at Virginia Tech when the shooting took place. We discussed how communities across America that have borne the brunt of this epidemic are leading the way in ending it. We are all in this fight together. 
Hello, Roanoke! 
 Bland County, V.A. - (WVVA) For the first time ever, a presidential candidate visited Bland, Virginia. WVVA's Jennifer Roberts wa…
The challenges we face will not be solved with half the country. That's why we refuse to write anyone off, including the people of Bland, Virginia, a county where Trump won 82% of the vote; a county no presidential candidate had ever visited—until today. 
Can’t wait! 
In TX, you can fire someone or stop them from adopting a child because they're LGBTQ. You can even kill someone for coming onto you—and then use their sexual orientation as a legal defense. We need to pass the Equality Act so LGBTQ Americans have their full rights in every state. 
People are going to die. 
As the school year starts, kids should be thinking about their classes—and Friday night's game—not whether ICE is going to raid their community and separate them from their families.
Big thanks to North Carolina A;T State University for welcoming me to campus this afternoon. So inspired by the students I met—who are leaders in the classroom and in their communities. 
 News is rolling out a comprehensive new trade agenda today. I've got it here.Key: Beto would end Trump'…
This plan is for workers—all workers, from El Paso, TX to  Lordstown, OH to Pacific Junction, IA. We will ensure they are not only protected, but are the most competitive workers in the world. Read the full plan here: 
The plan includes four key components:1⃣Ending Trump’s disastrous trade war2⃣Pursuing trade agreements that support working families3⃣Enhancing the competitiveness of U.S. workers and our small businesses4⃣Defending American values and interests against competitors like China
I just released Trade For America, a sweeping plan to immediately end President Trump’s reckless trade wars and pursue an aggressive trade strategy that puts the needs of American workers and families over corporate profits and interests. Read it here: 
In the face of what looked to be an intractable problem, Richmond, McCain, Blair, and McNeil stood up for civil rights by sitting at a Woolworth lunch counter in Greensboro. With their courage as an inspiration, we can finish the work they started in achieving equality for all. 
When Fox News and our president claim immigrants are invading our country, we can't be surprised when white supremacists take up arms. We need to connect the dots. 
With the Amazon burning, farms under water, and hurricanes looming, Trump has decided to lift regulations on methane—one of the most dangerous greenhouse gasses. Even oil and gas companies think this is too far. We need a President who will act on climate, not make it worse. 
 Dr. Lydia Holm, a Pediatric ER doctor in Des Moines, knows has a plan to solve the gun violence epidemic in thi…
Like El Paso, Charlotte recently bore the brunt of gun violence—and is providing an example to the rest of the country of how to respond to this epidemic. Following the lead of young people like Cade, and moms demanding action across our country, I know we'll end this crisis. 
Thank you, for always fighting for what's right. Every day of this campaign, your leadership brought attention to the issues that matter most—and our party, and our country, are stronger because of it.
This is how President Trump honors the bravery and sacrifice of our service members. 
We can't become numb to these stories: Trump has promised to pardon government workers who break the law to build a wall we don't need. This is the consequence of failing to impeach him: He believes he's above the law—and he'll keep acting like it, until we hold him accountable. 
On this day in 1955, Emmett Till was murdered. Exactly 8 years later, Dr. King shared his dream for America. The hatred, racism, white supremacy that led to Emmett's lynching is still alive. But on this anniversary, let's once again dare to dream of—and fight for—a better future.
Thank you to Representative Williams and all of the pastors who shared a meal with me in the Pee Dee this morning. Grateful for the opportunity to discuss gun violence, affordable housing, and how we can repair the damage Trump has done to our country—together. 
Today, a man asked me how I know Trump is a racist. I'm glad he came to our rally—because I was able to tell him about:-"Send them back"-Birtherism-"Shithole countries"-Charlottesville-Calling immigrants "animals" and "predators"-And much more... 
For context: Today, Trump said he would transfer $155 million from FEMA's efforts at disaster relief to ICE. We have a president who would rather spend money caging kids than helping Puerto Rico—and it's on us to demand a new one. 
Town hall at Seminar Brewing Company in Florence, South Carolina 
From town halls at Voorhees College and S.C. State University to Benedict College, I've been impressed by the determination on HBCU campuses across the state. The students I met are not the leaders of tomorrow but the leaders of right now—on every issue. Grateful for the welcome. 
Dreamers are Americans—and our country is stronger, safer, and better because they call it home. I hope the Supreme Court makes the right decision, but the only way to protect Dreamers is to defeat President Trump and make them citizens. 
 Crowd flowing out the door for at Benedict College in Columbia.  
“No decisions about us without us.” Black women are the heart and soul of the Democratic Party—and they must be at the table. I'm truly inspired by Kayla Mallet, Dr. Roslyn Clark Artis, and everyone who joined me at today's  roundtable at Benedict College. 
From Martin Luther King Jr. to Esau Jenkins, The Progressive Club has welcomed some of the most important civil rights leaders in our nation's history. Thank you to Abe, Esau's grandson, for the reminder of how much progress we've made—and how much more work we have to do. 
No matter how you ask the question, my answer will be the same: The decision of whether or not to get an abortion is one neither I nor the United States government should be making. That's a decision for the woman to make. 
Ismail flew into Boston to start his freshman year at Harvard—but when he arrived, he was deported after facing questions about his religion. They don't care if you're seeking asylum or coming to attend college; if you're an immigrant, they will treat you as less than human. 
 Now visiting the Progressive Club which was established in 1948 by Esau Jenkins to help his neighbors on Johns Island exerci…
When families in need arrive in South Carolina, Our Lady Of Mercy Community Outreach is there—providing them with free medical, dental, and childcare services. Grateful to spend the morning with Ericka, Ryan, and everyone else who makes the organization so special. 
Thank you, College of Charleston! Really great spending the evening with you. 
Jason Eberhart, 16 years-old. “He had a lot of potential,” his cousin Charles remembers. “We were looking for him to go somewhere.”
Kristina Curry, 16 years-old.  Her grandmother: “I can’t understand why someone would hurt my granddaughter that way.”
Jashon Johnson, 16 years-old. Killed near Fairground Park—a place where children should be living their lives, not losing them.
Myiesha Cannon, 16 years-old. “She was loving, kind,” her mother Latrice said. “She did not deserve this. She did anything for everybody.”  Her sister added: “I miss her.”
Sentonio Cox, 15 years-old. His friend said he was on his way home.
Derrel Williams, 15 years-old. Derrel was the third person killed in the Kingsway East neighborhood of St. Louis this year alone.
Charnija Keys, 11 years-old. The same age as my daughter.
Eddie Hill IV, 10 years-old. “It’s unimaginable,” his mother says. But it continues to happen across our country.
Jurnee Thompson, 8 years-old. She was at a football game with her family when she was killed. “The little girl wasn’t doing anything wrong,” said Police Chief John Hayden.
Xavier Usanga, 7 years-old. The next day would have been Xavier’s first day of second grade. Xavier’s sister was also shot that day. Their mother, Dawn, said to the shooter: “You killed my son... and I hope his smile will burn in your brain forever.”
Kennedi Powell, 3 years-old.  “She was a beautiful young lady. She was the type of person who liked to play a lot, like to run off and pinch you,” her grandmother said. “It’s hard—real hard.”
Kayden Johnson, 2 years-old. Think about that. 2 years-old.  “He was uplifting,” Kayden’s father said. “He was always smiling.”
Since April, at least 12 kids in St. Louis have lost their lives to guns. Kayden. Kennedi. Xavier. Jurnee. Eddie. Charnija. Derrel. Sentonio. Myiesha. Jashon. Kristina. Jason. Here's a bit about who they were.
Every year, nearly 40,000 human beings lose their lives to gun violence. That number is so incomprehensibly large—so tragic—we lose sight of the individual lives lost. So tonight, I want to focus on one city, where an 8 year-old and a 15 year-old were shot dead this weekend. 
Great to be back in Charleston, South Carolina. 
About damn time. We can't accept living in a country where Americans are in jail for possessing marijuana—but not a single Pharma exec has spent even a night behind bars for the opioid crisis. The least they can do is pay up. 
Last week, I had the opportunity to spend time with in Kansas City—where I learned about how he's helping eradicate homelessness. Jason may not be in elected office, but he is the definition of a public servant. And I am so lucky to call him a friend. 
In Helsinki, President Trump sided with Vladimir Putin over our intelligence services. Today, he sided with Putin over President Obama. This isn't complicated: We need a president who sides with America over Russia. 
On  let's celebrate the progress women have made in America—but also recognize how much work we need to do to realize true equality. That isn't only on women; all of us, especially men, need to help our country live up to its promise of equality for all.
For as long as he is president, they will continue to separate children from their parents. This is being done in our name, it is on all of our consciences, and it is up to us to prove we are better than this. 
Vladimir Putin led a coordinated attack on our democracy—and President Trump's response is to invite him back into G7. Once again, Trump is providing Putin with a green light to interfere in our elections. He must be impeached. 
We need a New Voting Rights Act that will guarantee no one is kept out of the ballot box. 
The KKK is standing on American streets, in the light of day, in 2019—with the comfort of knowing their president called some of them “very fine people.” 
One week ago, after releasing a plan that included mandatory buybacks of assault weapons, I visited a gun show in Arkansas. Here’s how it went: 
 Amor Eterno: How El Paso is rebuilding after tragedy.  
This decision is as baffling as it is alarming. Our planet is burning— the least we can do as a party is debate what to do about it. 
Climate change is our greatest existential threat. If you believe voters deserve to hear how every candidate will meet this challenge, add your name. 
We need to start treating the fight against climate change like our future depends on it—because it does. That’s why we need a climate debate.
18 years after we entered Afghanistan, U.S. service members are still losing their lives. Our thoughts are with the families of Master Sgt. Louis DeLeon-Figueroa and Master Sgt. Jose Gonzalez. We must end these wars now.
This is how we rewrite our immigration laws in our own image: 
Three weeks have passed since the shooting in El Paso. A study found that’s how long it takes for America to stop paying attention—but we will not forget, we will not stop fighting until we end this epidemic.
This guy knows exactly what he’s doing—ripping apart an already divided country and inviting violence into our communities. Latinos here in El Paso, throughout America, feel like they have a target on their back. 
When a president calls immigrants rapists and criminals,When a governor tells his supporters to “take matters into their own hands” against them,When our leaders spew hatred, ignorance, and bigotry,We cannot be surprised when it leads to violence. 
In Trump's America, your boss can fire you because of who you love or how you identify. We need to pass The Equality Act. 
 Reporter: Why did it take the tragedy in El Paso for you to start talking about Trump’s racism?Beto: It didn’t. It might ha…
Our community is still mourning—but today, in Gabby Giffords, we found reason for hope. No one knows more about the cost of gun violence, and no one is doing more to end this epidemic. You’re an inspiration to all of us. So grateful you came to visit. 
Dreamers are Americans. We need to make them citizens.
 is a real American hero; and I know his service to our country has only begun. Thank you, Congressman, for showing the courage to open up about post-traumatic stress on this campaign—and for all of your leadership.
 We appreciate a candidate who fights for unions and the rights of working people. This is the kind of leadership we look for…
We can't wait any longer to act on gun violence. If you're with us, sign up now. 
All countries have video games. All countries struggle with mental health. All countries deal with hatred. But only America has more guns than human beings. To end this epidemic, we need a mandatory buyback of every assault weapon in our country.  
America, 2019. 
They’re openly detaining U.S. citizens for the sole reason that they’re Latinx. They've made white nationalism a policy—and it’s on us to call it out for what it is. 
 Because of Trump’s “gag rule,” Planned Parenthood clinics in Iowa have lost nearly $1 million in Title X funding.Now the y…
Our planet is on fire. Our farms are under water. Our future is in jeopardy. And in our complacency, in our inaction, in our excesses—all of us are responsible. 
This president has been bought and paid for by the NRA. We cannot count on him. It is those moms demanding action and the students marching for their lives—and all of ours—who are showing the real leadership we need. 
To end this epidemic of gun violence, we need to not only connect the dots between our president's words and the actions that follow, but connect with one another. Grateful for everyone I met at the Iowa State Capitol for a round table this morning. They are leading the way. 
 The 21st Century Labor Contract that proposes ensures workers across the country can join together in their unions f…
Spent the morning dropping off school supplies at Moulton Elementary—where students from the world over will start school tomorrow. Inspired by the example they're providing to the rest of the country at a time when some would want us to be defined and divided by our differences. 
State T.V. 
For every dollar a white man is paid, black women are paid 61 cents. On Black Women’s Equal Pay Day, let’s resolve to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act, close the wage gap, and ensure all workers are paid for what they do — not who they are. 
 "I think the President has been bought and paid for by the NRA," says Democratic presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke about the Pr…
Here's how it works: 
I just announced a plan to protect workers’ collective bargaining rights; ensure all workers have access to good jobs that pay a living wage; and expand protections to end discrimination in the labor market. It's called the 21st Century Labor Contract. 
“In these days of evil Presidentes...” 
Trump is talking about Greenland and racist policies like ending birthright citizenship to take your eyes off the ball—off an economy that's beginning to crater; off a trade war that's wreaking havoc on farmers across America; off his cruel desire to take away your health care. 
Climate change is our greatest existential threat—and there are few people in the world as devoted to fighting it as Thank you, Governor, for your leadership.
At a gun show, a seller told me we need better background checks. An owner of an AK-47 told me he’d do anything to keep his kids safe. A Trump supporter told me he’s open to buybacks. We need to stop writing one another off—because only together can we end this epidemic. 
 You or someone you know is struggling with unacknowledged, untreated trauma. and I wrote this article about h…
There's nothing more American than to peacefully stand up, or take a knee, for what you believe in—to protest racism and social injustice in this country. I am with Gwen Berry. I am with Race Imboden. And I call on the US Olympic ; Paralympic Committee to reverse their probation. 
We're not going to write anyone off or take anyone for granted. That's why we went door to door in Des Moines—listening to and learning from those we want to fight for and serve. Big thanks to the supper club who invited us inside for good food and even better conversations. 
  speaking at NAACP, and Creative Visions Block Party in Des Moines, IA. Rain won’t stop us! 
We need to be there for workers—all workers. That means standing up for unions and fighting for $15; but it also means being there for the chicken processing workers who were separated from their families in Mississippi. Thanks to the Iowa Federation of Labor for your leadership. 
 "I think it's really important that we tell El Paso's story, connect that to this country's story and help all of us stand…
Reese died by suicide after he was bullied for being in a relationship with a trans woman. My heart is with Reese today—and with all who knew him. No one should lose their life because of who they are or who they love. 

Marshalltown, Iowa represents the best of America, because everyone here recognizes their community is safer, stronger, and better because of immigrants—just like our country. Grateful to learn from them. 
Elliott: I promise, I will never forget your story—and every day of my presidency, I will work to ensure trans and non-binary people are seen, are heard, and have access to the health care they need. You are an inspiration to me, to your community, and to our country. 
I met Alek from South Sudan—one of the immigrants who makes our country great. She’s studying English, but math already comes easily to her, since she learned it in her home country. Now, she wants to go to college and become a nurse. Proud she’s in America. 
I just visited Iowa Valley Community College’s Education and Training Center, a resource hub where people from the world over learn English, study for their citizenship test, and develop the skills they need to realize their full potential—and America’s too. 
Enough. Sending love to Atlanta. 
Miles de pequeños separados de sus padres.Siete niños fallecieron tras nuestro cuido.Muchos más duermen en el suelo de nuestros centros de detención.Hoy Trump decidió que la solución es enjaularlos por aún más tiempo.Esta crueldad empeorará si no llegamos a hacer algo.
Thousands of kids separated from their parents. Seven children dead as a result of our care. Countless more sleeping on concrete floors under tinfoil blankets. Today, Trump decided the solution is to cage them for longer.The cruelty will only get worse—until we end it. 
Following the lead of the students marching for their lives, and for all of ours, we will end this epidemic. I support their Peace Plan For A Safer America—and I call on everyone else in this race to do the same. 
Can confirm, it’s a national model. Thanks for your leadership, Jason. 
 We need to get these weapons of war off our streets — and is leading the way.   
Live Now: Beto Holds Rally in Des Moines, Iowa 
Before Trump told families who lost loved ones to gun violence; before he told the students marching for our lives and the moms demanding action, he told the NRA he won’t pass a bill 90% of Americans support. We need to defeat him—and every politician who bows before the NRA. 
No veteran, no one who serves our country, should be homeless—and Veterans Community Project has helped ensure every veteran in Kansas City has access to housing. So inspired by their leadership; and I know this is only the beginning of their heroic work. 
The Jewish people don’t need to prove their loyalty to you, to anyone else. 
Wichita, Kansas this morning; Kansas City, Missouri this afternoon. So great to catch up with my friends and They said I couldn't come to the state without stopping in at Gates BBQ—and once we finished lunch, I had to meet Mr. Gates himself. 
Tres niños han muerto bajo nuestra custodia a causa de la gripe — y ahora, el Presidente Trump no quiere dejar que los migrantes, solicitantes de asilo, ni refugiados reciban vacunas. Mientras él siga siendo el presidente, así será. 
Three children have died in our custody from the flu—and now, President Trump won’t let immigrants, asylum seekers, and refugees receive vaccines. This cannot be America, but for as long as he is president, it will be.  
 It's not everyday that someone running for President of the United States visits Wichita, but today it happened at R Coffe…
We're going to communities that have for too long been forgotten and counted out—not only to learn about their challenges, but to learn about how they're overcoming them. Grateful that Councilman Johnson would welcome us to Wichita and that Angelo would host us at R Coffee House. 
A week ago, President Trump said his tariffs—one of the largest middle class tax hikes in history—saved the steel industry.Today: 
After The Tulsa Race Massacre, evidence was destroyed, memories were suppressed, the past was covered up. But we must never forget Greenwood’s resilience, because it’s an example for all of us of how to respond to darkness with defiance. 
“Native America! What about us?”In Oklahoma, I was asked to answer for our systematic oppression of Native Americans—and for their continued persecution. Here’s what I said: 
“This moment in American history must be our turning point — on hate, on racism, on guns and violence. This must mean something to us. Our values must be worth fighting for, or else, what do we have left?” 
 Democratic presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke spoke to students at U.S. Grant HS this afternoon! Students asked a series of qu…
Not often does a Texan feel at home in Sooner country. Great being back in Oklahoma these past two days. See you again soon. 
Live Now: Beto speaks at a rally at the University of Oklahoma 
White nationalism and domestic terrorism are not a relic of the past, they still threaten us today—in El Paso and in communities across America. Following Oklahoma City’s perseverance, we will overcome hate everywhere it lives, including in the White House. 
Trump is taking tens of millions of dollars away from Planned Parenthood—jeopardizing the health of more than a million people across our country. Please donate to today, so Trump can't stop patients from receiving the care they need:  
 Presidential candidate continued a two-day swing through  touring the historic Greenwood District – the v…
Five years too late. 
Today, I visited Black Wall Street, where one of largest acts of white nationalist terror in history killed hundreds—but failed to destroy Greenwood's spirit. Tulsa's resilience is an inspiration to El Paso, as we respond to a white nationalist terror attack in our own community. 
 Believe in in Iowa.Believe in what this country can accomplish when we all come together.
When Tony lost his wife on August 3rd, he didn't know if there would be anyone at her funeral—but in the end, 3,000 of our neighbors were there. Now, as Tony is being forced to deal with this, let's come together to show Tony that we are still behind him:  
Grateful to everyone in Tulsa who came out to be together on our second visit to Oklahoma... and for all who are committed to bringing everyone in, writing no one off, and taking no one for granted. Powerful to be with you! 
Tonight, Entravision is hosting a telethon to raise money for victims of the racist act of domestic terrorism in El Paso. To donate, call or text EPGIVES to 1-833-998-1212. Para donar llama: 1-833-998-1212 o envía un mensaje texto con la palabra EPGIVES. 
It is not enough not to be racist. We have to be anti-racist. We have to shut down white supremacy, domestic terrorism, and white nationalism. 
Live now: Beers with Beto at Welltown Brewing in Tulsa, OK 
99 years ago, women fought for and won the right to vote with the 19th Amendment—but not all women. Women of color remained disenfranchised for decades; many are still left out today. We must finish the job, and ensure every American's voice can finally be heard in our democracy.
Chuck asked whether we need to stop talking about health care to focus on Donald Trump.The answer is no. We must do both. Because if we don’t provide health care to every American, if we don’t fix our economy, we‘ll provide fertile ground for demagogues like Trump to rise. 
Kate, you’ve got this—and from one runner to another, let me tell you: before long, you’ll be faster than ever. 
 Last night, visited Arkansas for a Democratic event where he talked about how people in every state need to be hear…
Democrats need to show up everywhere—because when we show up, we win. 
Live now: Rally at the University of Arkansas 
In Mississippi, children were separated from their parents—a 4 month-old from her breast feeding mother. We need to shock the conscience of America, because future generations will ask: "When you faced this moment, did you stand up to be counted?" Our answer better be yes. 
Our country was founded on racism—and is still racist today. In Arkansas, I said why I believe there’s no denying this reality; and why it’s on all of us to change it. 
When in Arkansas, you Call The Hogs. 
 WATCH: Why is Beto O'Rourke campaigning in Arkansas instead of early primary states like Iowa?  
We ran into some supporters in Little Rock who were helping their friend Anna move in, and decided to surprise her by lending a hand. 
Yeah. I've seen them. 70% of Americans support an assault weapons ban, including most Republicans.  
In AR, I told the story of a woman I met in MS who came to America after she was nearly stabbed to death in Guatemala—but still has to worry about being deported back to a place where she'll die. In a democracy, all of us are responsible for this; and it's on all of us to fix it. 
Whenever anyone tells you that we can't reduce gun violence, think about the students marching for their lives—and for all of ours—and the moms demanding action across our country. Following their lead, we will end this epidemic. 
Insulin costs $450 a month. An AR-15 costs $395 for a lifetime. It shouldn’t be more affordable to kill than to stay alive.
In Arkansas, I listened to gun owners and sellers—and appreciated hearing their perspectives. But as the plan we released yesterday says, if I’m president, you wouldn’t be able to buy weapons of war for $395. You wouldn’t be able to buy them at all. 
We won’t solve the challenges we face with half steps, half measures, or half the country. That’s why we’re going everywhere, including to gun shows, to meet Americans where they are—and bring them into our campaign. 
“He suggested, in response to a question from the audience, that then-Texas Gov. Rick Perry -- now Trump's energy secretary -- should be allowed to enter treaties and wage war against the children arriving from Central America.” 
Their cruelty knows no bounds. 
My hope is that the more America learns about this, the more we as Americans will do to change it. I’m more determined than ever to help those who are being targeted and attacked by this president. If you want to help these families, donate here: 
More than 600 human beings fell victim to the cruelty, terror, racism, and hate of Donald Trump in Mississippi. But anyone that this president puts down, we are going to lift up. I wrote about my 24 hours in Canton ; Forest, MS.
This is the El Paso I've always known—a beautiful community of love, unity, and strength. 
I see more clearly than I ever have that we not only need to stop the sale of weapons of war in this country but we need to get them out of our communities altogether. That's why I support a mandatory buyback of assault weapons. 
Thank you for showing solidarity with communities like El Paso and so many others that are living in fear due to the hate that lives in this country—hate that is perpetuated by a racist president. I’m committed to showing up ; doing whatever I can to support the Latinx community. 
In America, we have:➡329 million people➡393 million firearms➡39,773 lives claimed by gun violenceIt's time for us to be bold, to stand together, to stand up against those interests who would prevent us from saving lives in this country. Here's how:  
We need universal background checks.No loopholes.No exceptions. 
Anyone this president puts down, we are going to lift up. In those places where Donald Trump has been terrorizing, terrifying, and demeaning our fellow Americans, we are going to show up.  if you are ready to join us in this fight. 
I believe, together, we can bring about the change we need—and, in the process, restore our faith in humanity, in one another, and in this country. You can read more about our plan to end this epidemic here: 
When any one community is targeted, the very idea of America is under attack. That’s why we need to all come together to not only connect the dots between the proliferation of hatred across our country and the acceleration of mass shootings, but actually do something about it.
To combat hatred, we will ensure the FBI and DOJ prioritize right wing violence; identify white nationalism as a threat in counterterrorism strategy; and require social media companies to remove hate speech and domestic terrorism from their platforms.
We have, by far, the most ambitious plan to end the epidemic of gun violence in this race. In addition to requiring universal background checks and banning assault weapons, we would also create a nationwide gun licensing program—and enact a mandatory buyback of assault weapons. 
Today, we are releasing our plan to prevent atrocities like these from happening again—a plan which would not only reduce gun violence, but also combat the spread of hate and white nationalism taking place through online radicalization.
On August 3rd, my hometown of El Paso, one of the safest cities in America, fell victim to one of the deadliest mass shootings in our country’s history—the result of guns and of hatred fueled by online radicalization, propaganda outlets like Fox News, and a racist president.
When darkness descended on El Paso, our community responded with light—and love. As nurses and doctors saved life after life, hundreds of my neighbors lined up for hours to donate blood. I will bring their strength, pride, and love with me across the country. Share their stories. 
Unless we change course, this picture will illustrate the chapter on “American fascism” in our grandkids’ high school textbook. 
We welcome Plano ISD to come play the game here in El Paso—our strong, safe, beautiful, binational community. Together, we can make it clear that racism and hate have no place in our state or this country. And the proceeds could go towards helping those impacted by this tragedy. 
...which is why we need to do background checks on “them.” 
They ask, "How does this happen? Is it video games? Is it mental health care? Is it both sides?" No. It's the lack of sensible gun laws, it's the open racism, and it's the Commander-in-Chief of this country. 
In those places where Donald Trump has been terrorizing, terrifying, and demeaning our fellow Americans, that's where you will find me in this campaign. 
When we allow this country to be defined along lines of race, ethnicity, and religion, the end of that road is the end of this idea of America. If at this moment we do not wake up to this threat, then we, as a country, will die in our sleep. 
President Trump, you show great weakness every single day—when you attack women of color, when you degrade the office of the president, and when you ask our allies to stoop to your level. 
This is a moment when we have to show up for one another, for our communities, and for our country. So we’re asking you. Who are you showing up for? Tell us:  
 I asked about his call for a mandatory gun buyback. Interesting answer — including him copping to not pushing…
Though we have not realized the idea of an America for everyone, it is still within our grasp.
Though El Paso bore the brunt of this hatred, this violence, and this inaction, I also know this community holds the answers—not only for our future in El Paso and Ciudad Juárez, but for our country.
Anyone this president puts down, we are going to do our best to lift up.
Some have suggested I stay in Texas and run for Senate, but that would not be good enough for for El Paso and it would not be good enough for this country. We must take the fight directly to the source—to the person that has caused this pain and peril: Donald Trump.
When we legalize those who are in this country, when we free Dreamers from any fear of deportation, when we elevate the asylum seeker and the refugee—not only is it good for them, it is great for the United States of America.
If we do not tell our story, others will tell it for us.
Not only do we need to end the sale of weapons of war, we must buy those weapons and take them off our streets altogether. It is time for us to be bold, to stand together, to stand up against those interests that will prevent us from saving the lives of our fellow Americans.
If we do not wake up to this threat, then we, as a country, will die in our sleep.
“The land that never has been and yet must be, the land where every man is free.” — Langston Hughes
The bigger the lie, the more obvious the injustice, the more furious the pace of this behavior, the more incapable we have been of seeing it, naming it, and acting against it.
What President Trump says, and what he does, does not just offend our sensibilities or our understanding of the traditions of this great country, it changes who we are as a country.
We have a Congress too craven to act, a democracy not up to the task, complicity from those in public trust. We have a racism in America that is as old as America itself. That is what has happened in this country. We need to acknowledge it if we are ever going to change it.
After this tragedy, we showed how strong we are—and provided an example to the rest of the country of who we can become as America.
Live Now: Beto speech in El Paso, TX 
Live now: Beto delivering remarks in El Paso, Texas. 
 🚨 🚨 This morning: to return to campaign trail and deliver major address charting path forward for the cou…
To meet this moment of truth, we need to take this fight to the source, to that person that has caused this pain and placed us in this peril: Donald Trump. 
Despite a stormy night in El Paso, a mariachi prevailed to play Amor Eterno, a song to pay tribute to our loved ones. We will never forget those we lost.  
When the shooting began in El Paso, first responders across our city ran towards danger. A reminder of what police officers across America risk to serve their communities each day. Thinking of Philadelphia, and everyone impacted by this gun violence epidemic we need to end. 
 A message to Donald Trump ahead of tomorrows rally in New Hampshire:𝙃𝙖𝙩𝙚 𝙞𝙨 𝙣𝙤𝙩 𝙬𝙚𝙡𝙘𝙤𝙢𝙚 𝙝𝙚𝙧𝙚. 
On this day in 1935, President Roosevelt signed Social Security into law. Since then, it has since lifted more Americans out of poverty than any other government program. But today, it's under attack. Here's my plan to strengthen Social Security: 
Trump's gag rule is a direct attack on women, their rights, and serves 40% of the 4 million patients under Title X. Regardless of income, everyone has a right to reproductive health care, and that includes abortion. 
My friend is standing up and fighting back against Steve King, and he needs all of our help — because no matter where you live, you know there’s no place for Steve King’s racism, bigotry, and hatred in Congress. Pitch in:  
This is the 400th anniversary of the first ship of slaves landing on our shores—kidnapped from Africa and brought here in bondage to build the wealth of America. Join me in reading the  because we need to understand our full history to begin repairing this injustice. 
 NEW: Beto to give his first major address tomorrow and return to campaign trail 
Connect the dots. 
This administration finally admitted what we’ve known all along: They think the Statue of Liberty only applies to white people. 
 An El Paso man whose 63-year-old wife died in the Walmart shootings is inviting the public to her funeral service later t…
We can't solve any of the challenges we face—from health care to gun violence to climate change—without fixing our democracy. Thank you, for your leadership. 
American Airlines needs to pay their catering workers what they deserve — because one job should be enough. I am with everyone at who is fighting for dignity today. 
The words on the Statue of Liberty won’t be changed at the racist whims of this administration—and neither will the character of this country. 
Kids. Kids being forced to console their classmates, their friends, their siblings—to explain to one another that the world is less safe than they might have thought. This should not be America, but for as long as we refuse to act on guns and hate, it will be. So it's up to us. 
When a white terrorist drove more than 600 miles to hunt and kill Hispanic people in my hometown, he followed a path of vile inspiration that reaches from the darkest chapters of our history and runs directly to the White House today.My CNN op-ed: 
To the protestors risking their lives for democracy in Hong Kong, I want you to know: We are with you. We believe in you. And no matter who our president is, America will always be on the side of freedom.
"If we stay home and we let this change our lives, his racism wins." — Lilly Sanchez, an El Pasoan, a member of Mariachi Femenil Flores Mexicanas, and, in my book, a hero.Stay strong and keep making El Paso proud. 
We can’t become numb to these numbers. 47 human lives, changed forever, in one city, in one weekend. Enough. 
Last night, Amy and I brought the kids to the El Paso Legends Charity Soccer Game to support victims of last Saturday’s shooting. The strength, the joy, the resilience on display last night was another reminder that, in El Paso, we will always meet darkness with light—and love. 
Legal. Undocumented. Refugee. Asylum Seeker. The distinctions don't matter to President Trump. If you're an immigrant, he believes you have no place in this country—even though, for 243 years, immigrants have made America the greatest nation the world has ever known. 
Two years ago, neo-Nazis marched in Charlottesville—and killed a woman named Heather Heyer. This violence has metastasized from Pittsburgh to El Paso; and the violence will continue until we defeat this hatred and the man endorsing these “very fine people” from the Oval Office.
 This morning, I again spent time at the memorial site where the deadliest massacre of Latinos in American history took place…
It’s not just Trump. It’s Fox. 
When Trump says he wants more immigrants from Nordic countries—but calls African nations shithole countries—it is very clear the president is a white supremacist. This isn't only offensive to our sensibilities. As we saw in El Paso, it's killing people in this country right now. 
Last Saturday, members of our community were selling lemonade and horchata outside of Walmart to raise money for Fusion FC, a local girls' soccer team. Six of them were shot at point blank range. Today, there is a charity game for the victims. I hope to see you there. 
  ... Texas is one of, if not the safest city in the United States of America. I tell my fellow America…
When President Trump visited University Medical Center in the aftermath of one of the deadliest mass shootings in history, instead of consoling our community, he bragged about how much people love him. That shows you how sick this guy is—and how unfit he is for office. 
 2020 presidential candidate Beto O’Rourke on President Trump’s conspiracy theory about Jeffrey Epstein’s death: “This is a…
In a country with a president who called for a ban on all Muslims—one where Muslim Americans confront discrimination, ignorance, and violence—we must not only tolerate our differences, but celebrate them. Join me in wishing Eid Mubarak to all those recognizing Eid Al-Adha.
Espero que nos acompañes mañana en la entrevista con en 
President Trump shouldn't be asking the NRA for advice on gun policy. He should be listening to the moms demanding action and the students marching for their lives—and for all of ours. They're the ones leading on this issue right now. 
 So many of our fellow campaigns came together and joined us yesterday before the Iowa Wing Ding to honor the victims of gun…
Reverend Sharpton asked me why I call President Trump a white supremacist. My answer? Through his words, through his actions, and through his policies, he's made the case for all of us. Here's how: 
 WATCH: spoke at the led “March For A United America” in  this morning.  joined w/
This story highlights something that’s been overlooked in the coverage of what happened in El Paso: This wasn’t only a mass shooting. It was a terrorist attack, a hate crime, directed not only at the people in that Walmart, but at the entire Latinx community. 
El Paso will never be defined by the shooter who drove 600 miles to bring terror to our home. We will be defined by how heroes in our binational community have come together to restore our faith in humanity. Today, take a moment to listen to some of their stories: 
Thrilled to join with this morning at the March for a United America in El Paso. Together, we are showing the world that hate has no home here.  
White nationalist terrorism is an epidemic—and we need a president who fights, rather than fuels, this hatred. 
I’ll be there. 
Another 252 people have been killed by gun violence in America since the massacre in El Paso.
Thank you, all. Wish I could be there with you. We are all so grateful for your support. Together, we will end this crisis. 
En estos momentos de odio y racismo debemos mostrar nuestra hermandad fronteriza y con toda la comunidad Hispana. Estamos contigo Ciudad Juárez.In these moments of hate and racism, we must show solidarity across the border ; with the Hispanic community. We're with you, Juárez. 
There’s “evil” in every country, Governor. America is different because we’re the only country with more guns than people. 
They've confirmed what we already knew: A white terrorist drove 600 miles to hunt and kill Hispanic people in our community, following a path of vile inspiration that reaches from the darkest chapters of history and runs directly to the White House today.
Five years ago, Michael Brown was shot dead by a police officer. In the years since, we’ve heard too many names, too many similar stories, to count. In each, we are reminded of an idea as urgent, and as ignored, today as it was when Michael was killed: Black Lives Matter.
 We wanted to pass along this information with anyone who would like to speak to a behavioral health professional. 
“Love and peace will always define who we are—on both sides of the border. We will rise above this.” -Diana, Student Body Vice President Grateful for these extraordinary student leaders who brought the community together for this morning’s memorial. 
If you're angry or upset, if you want to do something, you can make a difference. Here's how you can help the families affected by the raids in Mississippi: 
She is not a "rapist" or a "criminal." She is not an "animal" or an "infestation." She's a daughter who misses her father—and has no idea when she'll see him again. She will struggle with this trauma for the rest of her life. We’ll have it on our conscience for the rest of ours. 
8 more people died from gun violence today.
Mi corazón está con Juárez. Mi corazón está con El Paso. Mi corazón está con nuestra comunidad fuerte, bonita y binacional. My heart is with Juárez. My heart is with El Paso. My heart is with our strong, beautiful, binational community. 
I went to Ciudad Juárez today because eight Mexican citizens died in our country—a consequence of our gun laws, of our president's racism, and of websites like yours, which are havens for white supremacy. 
This is how Trump responded to someone saying we should shoot immigrants, asylum seekers, and refugees. 
 'We are with you': Beto O'Rourke attends victim's funeral in Juárez after El Paso shooting 
Hoy fui a Ciudad Juárez porque esta tragedia afectó a familias de ambos lados de la frontera. Nuestras ciudades son una sola comunidad que fue atacada por el racisimo y odio. Pero juntos podemos salir adelante. 
We must confront hate, no matter where it is or how high up it goes. That means calling out this president—but it also means ensuring social media companies no longer allow hate speech to be spread on their platforms. 
El Paso and Juárez form the largest binational community in our hemisphere—united, not divided, by bridges like this one. Today, we mourned the lives lost, but resolved to never be torn apart by hate—because together, we make something far greater than the sum of our parts. 
 Beto O'Rourke cruza a México para ir a funeral de víctima de tiroteo  
  arrives to the funeral home in Juarez, bouquet in hand, to meet with the family of Ivan Manzano. The fami…
Honored to be in Juárez today to send my condolences to Governor Corral, Mayor Cabada, and everyone who lives in the Mexican half of our binational community. Together, we have responded to hatred with love—and our communities are stronger, and closer, than we've ever been. 
Es un honor estar en Ciudad Juárez para darle mis condolencias al Gobernador Corral, al Alcalde Cabada, y a todos los que viven en la mitad mexicana de nuestra comunidad binacional. Hemos respondido al odio con amor, y nuestras comunidades están más fuertes y unidas que antes. 
Perdimos a gente de los dos lados de la frontera. Estamos sufriendo de los dos lados de la frontera. Pero unida, esta comunidad binacional va a salir adelante y ser el ejemplo para el resto de este país. 
This community is focused on healing. Not hatred. Not racism. Certainly not crowd sizes. Our community — and our country — will not be defined by smallness. We will be defined by the love, compassion, and strength of El Paso. 
This is a really tough time for El Paso, but we are a really tough people. The way this community of immigrants has come together is the best possible answer to the hatred and the terror and the racism we saw on Saturday. 
Each day, we are made lower by this administration’s cruelty. 
El Paso continues to meet darkness with light—and love. Proud of this community, and the hundreds who were out at the memorial last night. 
13 more people died from gun violence today.
These children will go to sleep tonight with no idea when, or if, they’ll see their parents again. This is being done in our name—and it’s on all of us to end it. 
  El Paso I am proud of you, El Paso I love you. 
Only days after a massacre committed with the express purpose of targeting immigrants, Trump conducted the largest raid of his presidency. 680 human beings arrested, including the mother of a 13-year-old, who waved goodbye as she was taken from him. The cruelty knows no bounds. 
 We are deeply grateful for how much love you have shown our community. We feel the support, and we appreciate it.
 Thank you so much for your support. We are all so appreciative of how much love you have shown our community.
Despite the evidence, despite the threat to our country that domestic terrorism poses, this president did nothing. He made us less safe. 
Donald Trump has been very clear about who he wants to keep out of this country — with walls and cages and militarization and torture and cruelty. We in El Paso have borne the brunt of that, but we in El Paso are standing up to that. 
 “Their very presence has made us strong,” Beto O’Rourke says of immigrants in El Paso, Texas  
 Beto O'Rourke in El Paso: "We live in a country that is not safe, that refuses to pass laws to end gun violence ... a pres…
 Today's front page:   
Chris is a hero. When he heard gunshots, he ran toward the killer—distracting him even though he knew it meant he would be in the line of fire. El Paso will always be defined by people like Chris. I am so proud he calls our community home. 
We are a nation of immigrants, and we will not allow Trump to strong-arm us into anti-immigrant reforms in the face of a tragedy. Support our immigrant communities and stand against hate. Add your name.
El Paso will not stand down. Every single one of us is standing up to be counted at this defining moment of truth. 
El Paso is standing up against hate, in memory of the lives lost this weekend, and with the resolve to stop this from happening again. If you’re committed to ending the gun violence epidemic, sign now.
At this moment, we cannot be silent. We must commit to ending the gun violence epidemic in our country. If you are with us, sign now.
El Paso is standing up against hate, in memory of the lives lost this weekend, and with the resolve to stop this from happening again. If you’re committed to ending the gun violence epidemic, sign now.
At this moment, we cannot be silent. We must commit to ending the gun violence epidemic in our country. If you are with us, sign now.
Four months since the House passed a bipartisan bill to address the gun violence epidemic, and Mitch McConnell still refuses to hold a vote. Add your name -- demand an immediate vote on gun reform legislation.
Decisions made in Washington have life or death consequences. We are calling on Mitch McConnell to see the humanity of this issue and hold a vote on gun violence prevention immediately. Add your name.
Four months since the House passed a bipartisan bill to address the gun violence epidemic, and Mitch McConnell still refuses to hold a vote. Add your name -- demand an immediate vote on gun reform legislation.
Decisions made in Washington have life or death consequences. We are calling on Mitch McConnell to see the humanity of this issue and hold a vote on gun violence prevention immediately. Add your name.
The attack in El Paso was an attack on some of the most vulnerable members of our community. We are a nation of immigrants, and we must embrace and support our immigrant communities now. Add your name.
We are a nation of immigrants, and we will not allow Trump to strong-arm us into anti-immigrant reforms in the face of a tragedy. Support our immigrant communities and stand against hate. Add your name.
The attack in El Paso was an attack on some of the most vulnerable members of our community. We are a nation of immigrants, and we must embrace and support our immigrant communities now. Add your name.
At this moment, we cannot be silent. We must commit to ending the gun violence epidemic in our country. If you are with us, sign now.
El Paso is standing up against hate, in memory of the lives lost this weekend, and with the resolve to stop this from happening again. If you’re committed to ending the gun violence epidemic, sign now.
At this moment, we cannot be silent. We must commit to ending the gun violence epidemic in our country. If you are with us, sign now.
El Paso is standing up against hate, in memory of the lives lost this weekend, and with the resolve to stop this from happening again. If you’re committed to ending the gun violence epidemic, sign now.
El Paso is standing up against hate, in memory of the lives lost this weekend, and with the resolve to stop this from happening again. If you’re committed to ending the gun violence epidemic, sign now.
At this moment, we cannot be silent. We must commit to ending the gun violence epidemic in our country. If you are with us, sign now.
Four months since the House passed a bipartisan bill to address the gun violence epidemic, and Mitch McConnell still refuses to hold a vote. Add your name -- demand an immediate vote on gun reform legislation.
Decisions made in Washington have life or death consequences. We are calling on Mitch McConnell to see the humanity of this issue and hold a vote on gun violence prevention immediately. Add your name.
Decisions made in Washington have life or death consequences. We are calling on Mitch McConnell to see the humanity of this issue and hold a vote on gun violence prevention immediately. Add your name.
Four months since the House passed a bipartisan bill to address the gun violence epidemic, and Mitch McConnell still refuses to hold a vote. Add your name -- demand an immediate vote on gun reform legislation.
Four months since the House passed a bipartisan bill to address the gun violence epidemic, and Mitch McConnell still refuses to hold a vote. Add your name -- demand an immediate vote on gun reform legislation.
Decisions made in Washington have life or death consequences. We are calling on Mitch McConnell to see the humanity of this issue and hold a vote on gun violence prevention immediately. Add your name.
We are a nation of immigrants, and we will not allow Trump to strong-arm us into anti-immigrant reforms in the face of a tragedy. Support our immigrant communities and stand against hate. Add your name.
The attack in El Paso was an attack on some of the most vulnerable members of our community. We are a nation of immigrants, and we must embrace and support our immigrant communities now. Add your name.
The attack in El Paso was an attack on some of the most vulnerable members of our community. We are a nation of immigrants, and we must embrace and support our immigrant communities now. Add your name.
We are a nation of immigrants, and we will not allow Trump to strong-arm us into anti-immigrant reforms in the face of a tragedy. Support our immigrant communities and stand against hate. Add your name.
We are a nation of immigrants, and we will not allow Trump to strong-arm us into anti-immigrant reforms in the face of a tragedy. Support our immigrant communities and stand against hate. Add your name.
“We are the sun city and no darkness will be able to dim our light.” - Mariani, Student Body President, El Dorado High SchoolThis morning I visited El Dorado—as students mourned the lives we’ve lost this week. So grateful for their leadership. 
The attack in El Paso was an attack on some of the most vulnerable members of our community. We are a nation of immigrants, and we must embrace and support our immigrant communities now. Add your name.
"For the president, I think he should just be careful of what he says, his words, because this is what happens. You preach and you say things, and this is what happens. This is what happened to my hometown. To my people. No human has to go through this." — Adria 
22 people in my hometown are dead after an act of terror inspired by your racism. El Paso will not be quiet and neither will I. 
Thank you for your leadership, When President Trump comes to El Paso tomorrow, I will be joining our strong, beautiful, binational community at  I hope to see you there.  
On Saturday, El Paso didn't only face a mass shooting. We faced an act of domestic terrorism directed toward our Latinx community. To those living in fear today, I want you to know: We hear you. We stand with you. This hate will not win. 
The entire team working tirelessly at University Medical Center and Del Sol Medical Center have performed miracles over the past few days. They are El Paso—the strength, the love, the care, the willingness to do everything possible to help their neighbors. I am forever grateful. 
 The White House invited me to join during his visit to El Paso. My response was clear. I requested a phone…
I've always thought the example set by El Paso could offer a path forward for a country that is so consumed by our differences and our divisions.Si queremos asegurar nuestro país, I often say, necesitamos seguir el ejemplo de El Paso. 
 This is who we lost on Saturday. Many more are injured. These are the human beings who will never be with us again. And there are so many people like them, who die because of gun violence every year. We have the power to end this crisis. And we don’t have time to wait.
 22 esta semana en El Paso. Casi 40,000 cada año en todo el país. Los números son desgarradores, pero no capturan la tragedia de cada una de estas pérdidas. Por eso estoy compartiendo las historias de todos los que perdimos. Conozca sus historias aquí: 
Thank you to  and so many other news organizations for doing the important work of bringing a human face to all those who lost their lives this weekend.
Juan de Dios Velázquez Chairez. Juan and his wife, Nicholasa, shopped together every week. Juan was from Zacatecas, Mexico, but had lived in our city for two years. Nicholasa was injured in the shooting. Juan lost his life at 77 years-old.
Margie Reckard. 63 years-old. “I’m like a puppy run away from its momma,” said Antonio Basco, her husband of 22 years. “But my wife, she’d say, ‘Get up off your rear end.'” He continued: “I know she’s looking down and she’s smiling.”
Leo Campos. 41 years-old. Maribel Hernandez. 56 years-old. They went to Walmart after leaving their dog to be groomed. When Maribel’s brother heard they never came to pick him up, he feared the worst. Soon, it was confirmed: Leo and Maribel had both lost their lives.
Angie Silva Englisbee. 86 years-old. This wasn’t the first time Angie experienced tragedy. Her husband died at 38 years-old, leaving her to raise seven kids by herself. Her grandson called her “the hero of our family.” She, too, was killed.
Maria Flores and Raúl Flores. The couple went to Walmart on Saturday morning and never came home. They were 77 years-old. Both of them.
Alexander Gerhard Hoffman. Alexander also wasn’t from the United States. He was from Germany—but he lost his life visiting our country at 66-year-old.
Sara Esther Regalado. 66 years-old. Adolfo Cerros Hernández. 68 years-old. They, too, were from Mexico—and are remembered as being loving parents. “I don’t know how long it will take for my soul to heal,” their daughter wrote.
Elsa Mendoza Márquez. 57 years-old. Elsa lived across the border in Juárez, where she was a teacher. When she ran into Walmart to buy supplies for her students in Juárez, her husband and son waited outside in the car. They survived the shooting. Tragically, she did not.
Iván Manzano. Like Gloria, Iván was from Juárez, where so many of our neighbors live. He was 46 years-old when he lost his life in our country.
Gloria Irma Márquez. A mother of four and a grandmother, Gloria was from Juárez—part of our binational community. She lost her life at 61 years-old because our country failed to protect her.
Luis Alfonzo Juárez. 90 years-old. His wife, who he’d been married to for almost 70 years, was also a victim of Saturday’s shooting. He didn’t make it—but thankfully, she did. I was able to meet their family at the hospital, and they're showing this community's strength.
Teresa Sanchez. At 82 years-old, Teresa bore the brunt of evil on Saturday. She was from Mexico as well.
María Eugenia Legarreta Rothe. 58 years-old. María is from Chihuahua, Mexico—and was only here so she could be at the El Paso airport when her daughter arrived.
Jorge Calvillo García. At 61 years-old, Jorge passed away this weekend while protecting his granddaughter. He was from Torreón, Mexico. His son, Luis Calvillo, was shot as well. They were outside of Walmart on Saturday, raising funds for EP Fusion, a local girls' soccer team.
David Johnson. 63 years-old. When hatred entered Walmart on Saturday morning, David responded by protecting his wife and his 9 year-old granddaughter. He passed away, but they survived.
Arturo Benavides. 60 years-old. An Army veteran and a bus driver—he spent his life serving our community and our country. His wife was with him in Walmart. She made it out. He did not.
His classmates organized a vigil for him. No student should ever have to do that. I met two of them while in line to donate blood, and they invited me out. Seeing the entire school community come out to that football field gave me hope. This generation will end this epidemic.
Javier Rodríguez. 15. I’ll say it again: 15 years-old. A student ready to start his sophomore year, a soccer player ready to start another season. His whole life ahead of him. His sister says she “lost my everything, my best friend.”
Andre Anchondo. Jordan’s husband. 23 years-old. They married last year. He’d just finished building their family a home. Saturday was going to be the first time family ; friends would see it. But he, too, was killed—while shielding his wife, who was shielding their son.
Jordan Anchondo. 24 years-old. She went to Walmart to buy school supplies—and decorations for her daughter’s 6th birthday party. When the gunman entered, she shielded her 2-month-old son. Jordan didn’t make it, but her son did.
22 in El Paso this week. Nearly 40,000 in our country each year. The numbers are heartbreaking, but they don't capture the tragedy of each ; every one of those deaths. That’s why I am sharing the stories of all those who lost their lives in El Paso this weekend.
We can’t solve any of our challenges—from gun violence to climate change—until we fix our democracy. 54 years ago, the Voting Rights Act was signed, but millions are still silenced by suppression.We need a New Voting Rights Act, so every vote is counted ; every voice is heard.
A black man, dragged with a rope by police officers on horses, in 2019. This moment demands accountability, justice, and honestly—because we need to call this out for what it is: racism at work.  
After the Santa Fe shooting, I reached out to students who survived it and parents whose children did not. After Saturday, they reached out to me. Whenever I start to lose hope, I remember their strength. If we follow the lead of these young people, I know we can end this crisis.
We don’t need PACs, special interests, or lobbyists. Our power comes from the people that support and drive our campaign. Chip in today.
There is nothing more powerful than people from all walks of life coming together to work for a common goal. Donate to our campaign for everyone, today:
We don’t need PACs, special interests, or lobbyists. Our power comes from the people that support and drive our campaign. Chip in today.
There is nothing more powerful than people from all walks of life coming together to work for a common goal. Donate to our campaign for everyone, today:
"You wanna fly, you got to give up the shit that weighs you down." — Toni MorrisonA lesson for each of us. A lesson for our country. She may be gone, but her writing, her resolve, and her grace will live on forever.
You cannot leave it up to me. Members of the press: You too have to call him out for being the most racist president since Andrew Johnson. 
We very consciously started out 243 years ago on the premise that we're all created equal. We never quite lived up to it, but until now, until this administration, we never stopped trying. 
Unbelievable. 
He had a "rape list," but he was allowed to buy a gun. This isn't an isolated incident. Across our country, women who face violence are ignored and dismissed. We need to support women and prevent those who threaten them from ever acquiring weapons of war. 
We don’t need PACs, special interests, or lobbyists. Our power comes from the people that support and drive our campaign. Chip in today.
We don’t need PACs, special interests, or lobbyists. Our power comes from the people that support and drive our campaign. Chip in today.
We don’t need PACs, special interests, or lobbyists. Our power comes from the people that support and drive our campaign. Chip in today.
We don’t need PACS, special interests, or lobbyists. Our power comes from the people that support and drive our campaign. Chip in today.
We don’t need PACs, special interests, or lobbyists. Our power comes from the people that support and drive our campaign. Chip in today.
We don’t need PACS, special interests, and lobbyists. Our power rests in the people that support and drive our campaign. Pitch in today.
We don’t need PACS, special interests, and lobbyists. Our power rests in the people that support and drive our campaign. Pitch in today.
We don’t need PACS, special interests, and lobbyists. Our power rests in the people that support and drive our campaign. Pitch in today.
We don’t need PACS, special interests, and lobbyists. Our power rests in the people that support and drive our campaign. Pitch in today.
There is nothing more powerful than people from all walks of life coming together to work for a common goal. Donate to our campaign for everyone, today:
There is nothing more powerful than people from all walks of life coming together to work for a common goal. Donate to our campaign for everyone, today:
There is nothing more powerful than people from all walks of life coming together to work for a common goal. Donate to our campaign for everyone, today:
There is nothing more powerful than people from all walks of life coming together to work for a common goal. Donate to our campaign for everyone, today:
Just finished donating blood. Thank you, Jennifer, for taking great care of Amy and me. Everyone who can do this should do it—not only after tragedies, but all year round. It's easy and it saves lives. Spread the word. 
This president, who helped create the hatred that made Saturday's tragedy possible, should not come to El Paso. We do not need more division. We need to heal. He has no place here.
 Según el precandidato demócrata Beto O'Rourke, Trump es "racista" y sus palabras tienen consecuencias como las del tiroteo en…
 Thank you, Tim. Sending love to Ohio.
Thank you, President Obama. 
El Presidente ha tratado de convencer a los estadounidenses que los inmigrantes de México son una amenaza — pero este fin de semana, fueron las leyes de armas de nuestro país que mataron a ocho ciudadanos mexicanos. Mi corazón está con ellos y sus familias.
The President has tried to convince Americans that Mexican immigrants are a threat to our security—but this weekend, it was our country's gun laws that killed eight Mexican citizens. My heart is with them.
Update: Over the weekend, 53 of our fellow human beings were shot in Chicago. Seven of them died. This epidemic will not end until we treat every death like the tragedy it is—and until we finally do something about it.  
We lost another life. Please continue to keep our community in your hearts—and commit to doing everything you can to end this epidemic. 
Here's why I'm more hopeful than I've ever been. 
 "Though we bore the brunt of this hatred, we're also the best example for [the U.S.] going forward. A city of immigrants t…
Only a racist, driven by fear, could witness what took place this weekend—and instead of standing up to hatred, side with a mass murderer's call to make our country more white. We are so much better than this president. 
This president’s open racism is an invitation to violence. The writing has been on the wall since his maiden speech coming down that escalator calling immigrants "rapists and criminals." The actions that follow cannot surprise us. 
We know what Trump is doing. He stokes racism. He incites violence. We shouldn’t be asking if there’s anything he can do or if he’s responsible for this when we know the answer. I stand by what I said. 
Sending love to Chicago, where another seven human beings were shot. You are in our hearts. And together, we will end this crisis. 
See The Voice, Be The Change Vigil and Action 
Everyone is doing their part. Giving time, energy, money, support. Those giving blood were seeing their neighbors and co-workers doing the same. Just so proud of this city and the example we're setting for our kids. This beautiful amazing courageous community will overcome.
Amy and I just got back from the blood bank. Ulysses, Molly, and Henry wanted to come along, and I'm glad they did because we really saw the very best of this community. People had been waiting since 7:30 a.m. to donate while others were in line to drop off food, water, supplies. 
When hate arrived in El Paso, our community responded with love, strength, and courage. Today, I visited a Vitalant blood donation center in El Paso, where lines have stretched around the block. They told me they were so grateful—and reminded me they need donations year round. 
Tonight, El Paso is standing up against hate, in memory of the lives lost yesterday, and with the resolve to stop this from happening again. Join us:6pm: Silent March from Houston Park (Ange St and Yandell Dr) 7pm: Vigil (1500 Yandell Dr)
Ayer, una persona trajo su odio y racismo a nuestra comunidad. El Paso es una de las comunidades más seguras porque somos una comunidad de migrantes, gente que viene a mejorar a este país. 
Two people, from two countries, speaking two languages—united, not divided, by our border. Together, we form a whole far greater than the sum of our parts: a community I’m so proud to call home. 
El Paso is one of the strongest communities on the planet. Everyone donating blood, bringing food to University Medical Center, ; rallying for those families makes me so inspired—and they've got to compel us to do everything possible to make sure this does not continue to happen. 
A victim's wife asked me, "How do we change this?"In addition to universal background checks, a ban on the sale of weapons of war, ; red flag laws, we have got to acknowledge the hatred and open racism we're seeing on Fox News, on the internet, and from our Commander-in-Chief. 
 Jake Tapper: Do you think President Trump is a white nationalist?Beto O’Rourke: Yes, I do  
El Paso is a community that shows up for one another—on our best days and our worst. I met Rosemary’s family on the plane back to El Paso. They asked that we visit her and share her story. She was shot in the chest but is doing well after surgery. She’s strong—just like our city. 
My heart is broken. For El Paso. For Dayton. For everyone who is impacted by the 40,000 gun deaths in our country every year. It’s on each and every one of us to end this crisis—and together, I still have faith that we will.
Love you, El Paso.
President Trump's racism does not just offend our sensibilities; it fundamentally changes the character of this country. And it leads to violence. 
 Thank you, Senator Warren. Grateful for your kind words and all of the work you're doing to end this epidemic.
Ofrezco mi más sentido pésame a las familias de las víctimas. Tenemos una comunidad muy fuerte y estoy muy orgulloso de El Paso. 
This community is bringing more food than anybody can eat ; is donating more blood than we could have expected. We need to change our laws so it's harder for something like this to happen again—but we also need to stand up to the hatred ; racism that leads to events like this. 
Any illusion we had that progress is inevitable—or that the change we need is going to come of its own accord—is shattered in moments like this. It is on every single one of us to meet this moment with everything we've got as a country. We will make this right. 
Si necesitas ayuda, pero tienes miedo de contactar a las autoridades en El Paso, ayuda a todos sin importar su estatus migratorio.
CORRECTION: Address to donate blood is 1338 N Zaragoza Rd, El Paso, TX 79907. You can also donate at 424 S Mesa Hills Dr, El Paso, TX 79912.
You can also donate blood at:Vitalant 424 S Mesa Hills Dr, El Paso, TX 79912 and 133 N Zaragoza Rd, El Paso, TX 79907
If you have loved ones unaccounted for, you can go to a Reunification Center for Families at: MacArthur Middle School8101 Whitus Dr, El Paso, TX 79925
El Paso is one of the strongest places in the world—and if there were ever a moment to be strong, it's this one. Strong for one another, for the families who have lost somebody, and for the first responders. Please go to  to support our community. 
I am devastated by what has happened in El Paso today. Our strength is with the families who are grieving. Our thanks to EPPD. Our commitment is with those who will change this country so that this doesn’t happen again. This beautiful amazing courageous community will overcome.
Mi corazón esta con El Paso en este momento. Tengan cuidado. Por favor todos sigan la instrucciones de los equipos de emergencia. 
  Shooting Family Reunification Center located at MacArthur Middle School 8101 Whitus DrEl Paso, TX  79925United…
 Scene is still Active. We have multi reports of multiple shooters. Please avoid area police conducting search of a very large…
Truly heartbreaking. Stay safe, El Paso. Please follow all directions of emergency personnel as we continue to get more updates. 
But as long as this is happening anywhere in America, we must keep up the fight. With what we did in Homestead as an example, we'll continue the work to close all private detention centers, end family separation ; stop the detention of those who pose no threat to our communities.
The last child has left Homestead. It’s good news for these kids and our country. It once again proves the incredible power of people in our democracy. To those who showed up, protested, kept watch, kept the public pressure on, ; demanded we all do the same—you made this happen. 
 Thank you for giving our Veterans an opportunity to be heard as they discussed their needs and ideas at t…
To reform our broken criminal justice system, we need to listen to, learn from, and include the perspectives of people who have been locked up by it and locked out of opportunity because of it. I look forward to doing that at San Quentin State Prison. 
Spent tonight hearing from veterans and their families at where we learned about the work being done to serve those who served us. So much of it begins with housing. I am committed to making that a priority, and to ensuring we fully invest in veterans' resources. 
 Thanks to for inviting to join their Friday dinner. It’s an awesome organization that provides tr…
Enjoyed the opportunity to spend this afternoon at the Carpenters International Training Center in Las Vegas. Proud of the work they're doing with the United Brotherhood of Carpenters to train, empower, and support workers from communities throughout our country. 
Fire Pantaleo. There must be accountability — and there must be justice. 
I’ll be there. 
Last night, Trump responded to the Democratic debates, but the truth is: We already gave him what he wanted. Let’s stop tearing one another apart—and remember that no matter who we nominate, all of us will need to come together to defeat Donald Trump. 
America is so much better than this — but it’s on all of us to prove it. 
Each day, Trump lowers the office and demonstrates to the American people how unfit he is to lead this country.
Not only do we need to raise the minimum wage so that it's finally a living wage but we also need to elevate the voice of workers and strengthen unions across the country. Learned a lot from April, gained new perspectives, and will continue to fight for workers like her each day.
April is a home care worker in Las Vegas where she makes $11/hour helping clients like Shevawn. She works another job after her shifts end, has four kids, and doesn't get home until 11:00. My thanks to April and for allowing me to spend the day walking in her shoes. 
Texas is in play. We're going to win it. 
  is working side-by-side with home care worker ; member April Perales to experience they types of assistan…
 The  continues! is experiencing firsthand what it's like to be a caregiver and how much their clients depen…
 Check this out! Rep. is in Nevada to  in home care worker ; member April Perales' shoes. Our next…
But we know the work goes well beyond access to the ballot box. It's educational opportunities, banning the box, ; finally investing real resources in restorative justice programs that assist with successfully transitioning formerly incarcerated individuals back into communities.
To reform our broken justice system, we need to listen to, learn from, and include the perspectives of people who have been locked up and locked out by it. Grateful for the powerful discussion in Nevada. We must restore the voting rights of Americans who have served their time. 
Whatever our differences, before we're anything else, we're Americans first. We will ensure that each of us is well enough, educated enough, paid enough to realize our full potential. Together, we will meet these challenges at home and lead the world in those that we face abroad. 
Trump's gag rule is an attack on women, their health care, and their rights. I stand with in fighting these dangerous efforts. Regardless of income, everyone should have access to reproductive health care—and that includes abortion. 
Growing up in a city of immigrants, asylum seekers, and refugees, I learned what’s best about America. Here's my story. 
Great lunch in Macomb County with a few Republicans, some Democrats, and a lot of Independents. No me importa. We're Americans first before anything else. Everyone is deserving of being heard, fought for, and served. That's how we'll defeat Trump and bring this country together. 
We must protect every worker’s right to form or join a union. It’s long overdue that fairly negotiate with the six locations that voted to unionize. I stand with in their efforts to support working people across NV. Management must come to the table.
Last night, I brought up the urgent need to confront the legacy of slavery, segregation, Jim Crow, and suppression—how people have been kept down and kept out based on their race. It’s the only way that we’ll repair the damage done and keep from repeating these injustices again. 
Really appreciate everyone across the country who hosted or attended our debate watch parties. It was great knowing I had your support up on stage. 
Last night's debate covered a lot of topics. But there are so many more that weren't brought up. If you want to know where I stand on all of the issues, check out the plans section of our website: 
Join us for a Town Hall this Thursday at 6:00 PM at the East Las Vegas Community Center. Come ask Beto a question and meet your fellow community members. RSVP below today to be a part of it!
Join us for a Town Hall this Thursday at 6:00 PM at the East Las Vegas Community Center. Come ask Beto a question and meet your fellow community members. RSVP below today to be a part of it!
Donald Trump is a racist.  
“You’re gonna kill me!"These were some of Tony’s last words before officers did exactly that. He wailed ; pleaded for help more than 30 times but received none. We must not only demand justice but reform policing across the US so those sworn to protect us don't do the opposite. 
In 2018, we put Texas in play for the first time in decades. In 2020, we're going to win it. And the state's 38 electoral votes will ensure that we defeat Donald Trump. 
 Fmr. Texas Rep. Beto O'Rourke: "Before we are anything else, we are Americans first."  
 Beto O'Rourke says he will "sign into law Sheila Jackson Lee's reparations bill so that we can have the national conversation we'v…
We're being offered a false choice—either improve the Affordable Care Act at the margins or implement a Medicare for All program that forces people off their private insurance. I have a better path, and it gets us to guaranteed, high-quality, universal health care. 
 "I'm trying to find the most ambitious goal on any given policy issue and then find a way to get America there." -
Our diversity is our strength.
Honored to have Michael, Matthew, and RoJe from Lansing with me tonight. They bravely took a knee so their fellow Americans could stand a little more free. 
Our campaign always has been, and always will be, powered by people.All people, no PACs.All people, no special interests.All people, all the time, every single day.Chip in to help us meet the greatest challenges we have ever faced. 
To meet the challenges we face, we have to have hope in one another—and a faith in a future of this country that includes everyone. 
In Congress, we worked with Republicans and Democrats to expand mental health care to veterans and got it signed into law by the one person I agree with about almost nothing: Donald Trump. 
We will defeat Donald Trump in 2020—and bring our country together in 2021.
The legacy of slavery and segregation and suppression is alive and well. We need to root out racism from every aspect of our society—from our economy to our healthcare system to our schools to our democracy. 
I will end the War in Afghanistan, but also bring our service-members home from Iraq, Somalia, and Yemen. We don’t need war to solve these challenges. We can do it with diplomacy.
We need to make sure every single American can afford to go to college. 
The legacy of slavery ; segregation ; suppression is alive and well in every aspect of our economy and our country. We need a New Voting Rights Act, we need to pass a reparations bill, and we need to ensure every student has a quality education, no matter what they look like.
The way we became the greatest country on the face of the planet was on the back of people who were kidnapped and brought here by force. I will sign Sheila Jackson Lee’s reparation bill so that we can have the national conversation we have waited too long to have.
 "We don't have more than ten years to get this right, and we won't meet that challenge with half steps or half measures...We…
President Trump's racism doesn't just offend our sensibilities. It is changing this country. We must not only tolerate our differences, but embrace them.
Climate change is our greatest existential threat—a test of our country, of our democracy, of every single one of us. Here’s how we meet it.  
Living in El Paso, home to Fort Bliss, has formed my belief that our Commander-in-Chief has no responsibility more sacred than protecting the security of America and our troops—including those who are no longer in uniform. Here’s our plan. 
There's a new battleground state: Texas. And it has 38 electoral college votes. 

This moment will define us forever.  And I believe that America will be redeemed. 
As president, I will make sure our government is run not by PACs or lobbyists or corporations, but by the people. Here’s our plan. 
Here's how we end the gun violence epidemic. 
We need to rewrite our immigration laws in our own image, by:1⃣Ending Family Separation2⃣Reuniting Families3⃣Reforming Asylum Laws4⃣Rewriting Immigration Laws5⃣Making Dreamers Citizens6⃣Providing a Pathway to Citizenship7⃣Ensuring Regional Security
The answer is no: We do not need to raise taxes on the middle class to guarantee high-quality health care to every single American.
We don't have to choose between the status quo, which leaves millions of Americans uninsured, and a plan that eliminates private insurance entirely. Medicare for America is the best way to achieve universal, high-quality, guaranteed health care. 
We will be the nation that chooses to stand up for the human rights of everyone.
At this moment of truth, let us choose to fulfill our national promise, and make a more perfect union of everyone, by everyone, and for everyone. 
Whatever our differences, we know that before we are anything else, we are all Americans first. And together we will work to ensure that each of us is well enough; educated enough; paid enough to realize our full potential. 
I’m running for President because I believe America discovers its greatness at its moments of greatest need. 
They will keep separating kids from their parents until President Trump is out of office. And it's on all of us to get that done. 
Tune in tonight! 
Beto is leading Trump in Texas by 11 points! If we win Texas, we can win the election. Will you donate to make sure our team can win this primary and then take back the White House?
BREAKING: Beto is beating Trump by *11 points* among registered voters in Texas! To deliver Texas and win the general election in 2020, we need the resources to win this primary and defeat Trump. Chip in now:
Beto is leading Trump in Texas by 11 points! If we win Texas, we can win the election. Will you donate to make sure our team can win this primary and then take back the White House?
BREAKING: Beto is beating Trump by *11 points* among registered voters in Texas! To deliver Texas and win the general election in 2020, we need the resources to win this primary and defeat Trump. Chip in now:
Beto is leading Trump in Texas by 11 points! If we win Texas, we can win the election. Will you donate to make sure our team can win this primary and then take back the White House?
BREAKING: Beto is beating Trump by *11 points* among registered voters in Texas! To deliver Texas and win the general election in 2020, we need the resources to win this primary and defeat Trump. Chip in now:
Beto is leading Trump in Texas by 11 points! If we win Texas, we can win the election. Will you donate to make sure our team can win this primary and then take back the White House?
BREAKING: Beto is beating Trump by *11 points* among registered voters in Texas! To deliver Texas and win the general election in 2020, we need the resources to win this primary and defeat Trump. Chip in now:
BREAKING: Beto leads Trump 49-38 in Texas! If we win Texas (and its 38 electoral votes), we’ll win the general election. But first, we need to win this primary - and that starts with you. Join our campaign to flip Texas and defeat Donald Trump:
A new poll has Beto leading Trump in Texas by 11 points - the widest margin of any Democrat. It’s clear that we can flip Texas blue - and defeat Donald Trump. Will you join our campaign and help us win back the White House?
BREAKING: Beto leads Trump 49-38 in Texas! If we win Texas (and its 38 electoral votes), we’ll win the general election. But first, we need to win this primary - and that starts with you. Join our campaign to flip Texas and defeat Donald Trump:
A new poll has Beto leading Trump in Texas by 11 points - the widest margin of any Democrat. It’s clear that we can flip Texas blue - and defeat Donald Trump. Will you join our campaign and help us win back the White House?
BREAKING: Beto leads Trump 49-38 in Texas! If we win Texas (and its 38 electoral votes), we’ll win the general election. But first, we need to win this primary - and that starts with you. Join our campaign to flip Texas and defeat Donald Trump:
A new poll has Beto leading Trump in Texas by 11 points - the widest margin of any Democrat. It’s clear that we can flip Texas blue - and defeat Donald Trump. Will you join our campaign and help us win back the White House?
BREAKING: Beto leads Trump 49-38 in Texas! If we win Texas (and its 38 electoral votes), we’ll win the general election. But first, we need to win this primary - and that starts with you. Join our campaign to flip Texas and defeat Donald Trump:
A new poll has Beto leading Trump in Texas by 11 points - the widest margin of any Democrat. It’s clear that we can flip Texas blue - and defeat Donald Trump. Will you join our campaign and help us win back the White House?
In the face of the most dangerous and divisive president we've ever had, we must remember that for 243 years strong, asylum seekers, immigrants and refugees have helped make the United States of America the greatest country the world has ever known. 
It was a lot more than a spaghetti dinner. Amy and I will never forget Mae and David, Essie and Justin, Miss Dotson and her daughter, everyone in Flint who welcomed us and inspired us. We're going to fight for them and for America.  to share their powerful story. 
Ban the sale of assault weapons. 
Since launching, we've listened to people across America—from Sioux City, IA to Nashville, TN. With your stories in mind, we are releasing our plans on dozens of issues, from maternal mortality to national security. Excited to hear what you think! 
As Trump continues to disgrace our country at home and abroad, 9/11 first responders and their families are a reminder of the very best of America. We will never forget their service to our country. 
In order to overcome the greatest challenges we face, we must first fix our democracy and return power to people. Proud to be named a  candidate by as we deliver on this urgent agenda. 
Sending love to all who are hurting tonight—and all who are affected by the 40,000 gun deaths in America each year. We can accept this as our fate or we can change it. Following the lead of the students marching for their lives, and for all of ours, I know we can end this crisis.
Thank you, James! In Iowa and across the country, our campaign is only possible because of people like you. 
This is a moment of truth for our country—the cruelty of kids in cages, the open racism of “send them back,” the unchecked tyranny of a lawless president. We have to all stand up to be counted right now, and we have to stand together to defeat this bully. 
In his words and in his actions, Trump has been the most openly racist president we’ve had in modern history. He is trying to change the very character of America. But we won't let him. We are so much better than this intolerance and hatred—and together, we're going to prove it. 
Deeply disappointed in the Supreme Court’s decision. I’ve long opposed building walls, and while in Congress, I introduced language to prevent DOD funds from being used to plan or build a wall along our border. As President, I would do everything in my power to make that law.
We don't need more walls. They don't make us more safe. 
Hope you enjoy one of the safest cities in America—safe not in spite of the fact that we’re a city of immigrants, refugees, and asylum seekers, but because we’re a city of immigrants, refugees, and asylum seekers. 
Earlier this year, I unveiled a plan that not only reverses the transgender troop ban but protects LGBTQ+ rights and finally secures comprehensive legal protection for members of the LGBTQ+ community. Read it here:  
Two years ago today, Trump turned his back on transgender service members across the country and stationed around the world. I will repeal his discriminatory and hateful transgender troop ban and replace it with the Equality Act to ensure full civil rights for LGBTQ+ Americans. 
The ADA is a landmark law—but recently, it has been under attack. 29 years after its passage, let's build a country where Americans with disabilities have full access to education, opportunity, and the workforce, are treated with dignity, and can live to their full potential.
 "Former Texas congressman and democratic presidential candidate, Beto O’Rourke is strengthening his presence in the palmetto…
On  let's follow the lead of ; to mandate background checks, ban the sale of weapons of war, and invest $50 million to help the CDC combat this public health crisis. That's a small price to pay to finally end this epidemic.
This is more than an attack on election systems. It's an attack on our democracy. And yet, Republicans in the Senate refuse to bring bills to the floor that would help prevent this from happening again. We must come together to protect our democracy before it's too late. 
We need to ensure every child — no matter who they are, what they look like, or where they're from — has access to a quality education. That's true in New Hampshire, and it's true across the country. 
El Paso is one of the safest cities in America not despite, but because it's a city of immigrants, asylum seekers, and refugees. 
Melinda asked how I will ensure vulnerable students, including those with disabilities, are accounted for in our response to school shootings. Here's what I told her.  
Thank you to Flint for sharing your ideas, perspectives, and hope for the future with me. I can't wait to see you again soon. 
Abolish the death penalty.
We need to hold every single person who detained an 18-year-old American citizen for 3 weeks—for no reason other than the color of his skin—accountable. But we also must demand justice for the immigrants, asylum seekers, and refugees who are subject to these conditions every day. 
Puerto Ricans stood up, relentless in their demand for change, even when they were told it was impossible. Tonight, their voices were heard. Rosselló’s resignation is a reminder of the power of the people—and of our ability to bring about change. ¡Felicidades, Puerto Rico! 
 I love that a key piece of education play is debt relief for educators.  
By going everywhere, bringing everyone in, and not allowing our differences to divide us or define us at this critical moment, we are going to defeat Donald Trump and bring this country together to meet the greatest challenges we've ever faced. 
Truly inspired by everyone I met in Flint—a community that has never quit and never become hopeless, but has instead come together to build a brighter future. Grateful for the welcome, the ideas, and the conversations. I believe in Flint, and Flint makes me believe in America. 
 INBOX: The National Education Association applauds Education Equity Plan from this AM“O’Rourke’s plan furth…
 Watching speak in the Ferris Wheel building after my shift at ten feet away. Place is packed!…
We will fix our democracy and return power to people. Every voice must be heard. Every vote must be counted. That means:✅A new Voting Rights Act✅An end to gerrymandering✅No more PAC contributions✅Ending racist voter ID laws✅Automatic ; same day voter registration 
Ten years ago today, the federal minimum wage was increased to $7.25. Since then, it has gone up $0.00. We need to win the  and ensure every working American is paid a living wage because one job should be enough in this country.
We will honor the work of those who came before us -- those who fought for justice and secured progress -- by continuing the work still before us. By marching on for equity, opportunity, and the full civil rights of everyone in America. Thanks to the for leading the way. 
 1/4 S.C. teachers leave the classroom after their 1st year.And too many work more than one job just to make ends meet.Fa…
This hearing only confirms the facts: Trump invited an attack on our democracy, obstructed the investigation into it, ; made clear there won't be consequences for launching another. As I've said since I was running in TX, he's unfit for office. Begin impeachment proceedings now.
When a president obstructs justice, then tries to prevent an investigation into his actions, he has committed an impeachable offense. Tell Congressional Democrats to take action.
Mueller made clear that there was a systematic effort to undermine our democracy in 2016 and that Donald Trump has attempted to obstruct the investigation from learning the truth behind those attacks. Trump must be impeached.
There must be consequences, accountability, and justice. Congress must begin impeachment proceedings.
committed an impeachable offense. Tell Congressional Democrats to take action.
Donald Trump obstructed justice. He must be impeached.
Mueller has explicitly stated that his report did not exonerate the president. Trump’s denial of this fact and his pattern of lies are nothing new. He has committed impeachable offenses, and Congress must act.
 Just read education plan. To address educational inequality, we must attack its root. This plan provides…
  discusses how to tackle voter irregularities that prevent Black voters from participating in  ; h…
  On LGBTQ rights: "We need to make sure everyone is safe in their communities and that we can end violence again…
 EXCLUSIVE TO   unveils plan for $500 bil fund to address education inequityPlan also includes:📍E…
Mueller made clear that there was a systematic effort to undermine our democracy in 2016 and that Donald Trump has attempted to obstruct the investigation from learning the truth behind those attacks. Trump must be impeached.
There must be consequences, accountability, and justice. Congress must begin impeachment proceedings.
When a president obstructs justice, then tries to prevent an investigation into his actions, he has committed an impeachable offense. Tell Congressional Democrats to take action.
Donald Trump obstructed justice. He must be impeached.
Mueller has explicitly stated that his report did not exonerate the president. Trump’s denial of this fact and his pattern of lies are nothing new. He has committed impeachable offenses, and Congress must act.
Our schools—educators ; admins, bus drivers ; cafeteria workers—are responsible for shaping our future. We need to provide them with the resources they need to educate our next generation of leaders. This is how we'll do it: 
Children of color make up more than half the student population—but only 20% of public school teachers are people of color. Our plan will devote $500 million per year to create-world class teacher academies at MSIs and HBCUs, so more students can have teachers who look like them.
We know that children of color are more likely to be punished than their white peers. As president, I will end the school-to-prison pipeline—banning corporal punishment in schools, funding restorative justice programs, and building educator prep programs to address racial bias.
To close the $23 billion funding gap between white and non-white school districts, we will dedicate $500 billion toward the creation of a Permanent Fund for Equity and Excellence in education.
As president, I will also fully fund the IDEA, devote $100 billion to addressing physical and digital infrastructure in schools, and take specific steps to address structural inequities in our education system.
At a time when too many educators are working a second or third job just to make ends meet, our plan will ensure they're finally paid a professional wage across the country. And we're going to immediately forgive their outstanding student loan debt. Tax-free.
For the sake of our economy, democracy, and future, we need to ensure every student—no matter who they are, what they look like, or where they live—has access to a quality education. Here’s my plan to do it: 
Thank you, John. Thank you, Jon. Thank you to all of the 9/11 first responders and their families who didn't stop fighting for the dignity, honor, and financial security they should have received long ago. We will never forget their service to our country. 
Hope you'll be tuning into at 12:35/11:35c! 
Mueller made clear that there was a systematic effort to undermine our democracy in 2016 and that Donald Trump has attempted to obstruct the investigation from learning the truth behind those attacks. Trump must be impeached.
There must be consequences, accountability, and justice. Congress must begin impeachment proceedings.
When a president obstructs justice, then tries to prevent an investigation into his actions, he has committed an impeachable offense. Tell Congressional Democrats to take action.
Donald Trump obstructed justice. He must be impeached.
Mueller has explicitly stated that his report did not exonerate the president. Trump’s denial of this fact and his pattern of lies are nothing new. He has committed impeachable offenses, and Congress must act.
Mueller made clear that there was a systematic effort to undermine our democracy in 2016 and that Donald Trump has attempted to obstruct the investigation from learning the truth behind those attacks. Trump must be impeached.
There must be consequences, accountability, and justice. Congress must begin impeachment proceedings.
When a president obstructs justice, then tries to prevent an investigation into his actions, he has committed an impeachable offense. Tell Congressional Democrats to take action.
Donald Trump obstructed justice. He must be impeached.
Mueller has explicitly stated that his report did not exonerate the president. Trump’s denial of this fact and his pattern of lies are nothing new. He has committed impeachable offenses, and Congress must act.
Mueller made clear that there was a systematic effort to undermine our democracy in 2016 and that Donald Trump has attempted to obstruct the investigation from learning the truth behind those attacks. Trump must be impeached.
There must be consequences, accountability, and justice. Congress must begin impeachment proceedings.
When a president obstructs justice, then tries to prevent an investigation into his actions, he has committed an impeachable offense. Tell Congressional Democrats to take action.
Donald Trump obstructed justice. He must be impeached.
Mueller has explicitly stated that his report did not exonerate the president. Trump’s denial of this fact and his pattern of lies are nothing new. He has committed impeachable offenses, and Congress must act.
This is good news. But Francisco should never have been in custody in the first place—let alone for three weeks. We must demand accountability and we must demand justice. 
If you believe our country can rise above this president’s hatred, you're in the right place. Join us: 
The President is a racist. Shouting “send them back” at a rally is racist. I will not apologize for saying so. But I believe Americans—Democrats and Republicans alike—are ready to rise above Trump's bigotry. And I believe, together, we will. 
Love you, Amy. Couldn't ask for a better partner to be running this race with. 
Francisco Erwin Galicia is an American, a citizen, an 18-year-old who has been detained for 3 weeks because of the color of his skin. CBP must release him immediately ; this country must demand accountability for what has happened to him. We'll prove that we're better than this. 
I don't care who you voted for last time or if you voted at all. I don't care if you're a Republican or a Democrat or an Independent. No me importa. We are Americans first before anything else—and I call you to this country's greatness. Let's get out there and achieve it. 
Two years after passing a $2 trillion tax cut for corporations and the wealthiest Americans, Trump wants to take food away from 3 million human beings under the guise of caring about deficits. This is an attack on those who need help most. We need to fight for them. 
Amy and I are looking forward to being on this morning. Join us at 11 ET on ABC! 
 I’m proud to announce my campaign for Congress in TX-21! I’m running to be a voice for every Texan who feels forgotten by…
Love having Amy back on the road. In exciting news, she has joined Instagram! Hope you'll follow her account here:  
The future of  should be determined by the people of Puerto Rico. Over the last week, hundreds of thousands have united, boldly marching for change. Their message has been clear. I stand with them in calling for Rosselló to immediately resign. 
El futuro de  debe de ser dictado por la gente de Puerto Rico. Durante la última semana miles se han unido, marchando valientemente por un futuro mejor. Su mensaje es claro. Me uno con la gente de Puerto Rico que exige la renuncia inmediata de Rosselló. 
We're going to rise above the smallness, pettiness, weakness, racism, and bigotry of this president with the courage and confidence, ambitions and aspirations, resolve and creativity at the heart of this country—with all of us coming together. We're ready to do that work. 
Really fortunate to have Danya on our team! Proud of what we're all building in Iowa and across the country. 
  Exclusive: "Being here at Ellis Island is a reminder of American history at its best and at its worst. Trump…
Ultimately, this is about continuing the work of Dr. Nixon. Making sure every voice is heard and every vote is counted. Read our full voting rights plan here:
Our voting rights plan returns power to people. It will:🔵Enact automatic ; same-day registration🔵Make Election Day a federal holiday🔵Protect the Voting Rights Act🔵Abolish racist voter ID laws🔵Increase turnout to 65%🔵Ban PAC contributions🔵End gerrymandering
As president, I will make sure every single American is empowered to vote—and that those who have historically been drawn out of our democracy are able to make their voices heard so this country can live up to its full promise and potential.
In recent years, Jim Crow-era poll taxes and grandfather clauses have been replaced with other insidious forms of suppression, ranging from racist voter ID laws that reduce turnout to gerrymandering efforts that undermine the very notion that all of our votes count equally.
It took 20 years of court battles but Dr. Nixon was ultimately able to vote on this day 75 years ago. And because of him, and those who fought alongside him, African Americans across the state were able to vote, too. But our work isn’t finished.
Dr. Nixon took his poll tax receipt into Fire Station No. 5 on Election Day knowing full well he would be refused the right to vote. Turned away on the basis of his race, he mounted a challenge to the all-white primary — taking his case to the US Supreme Court not once but twice.
In 1914, he helped organize the El Paso branch of the NAACP, which became the very first chapter of the NAACP in the state. Then in 1924, after Texas passed a law barring African Americans from participating in the primary, Dr. Nixon personally took up the fight against it.
Concerned by Johnson’s public murder and the number of lynchings occurring across central and east Texas, and perhaps fearing for his own life, Nixon moved west to El Paso, where he became involved with civil rights work and established a successful medical practice.
Born in Marshall, TX in 1884, Nixon attended Wiley College and then received his M.D. in 1906 from Meharry Medical College in Nashville. He began practicing in Cameron before 500 members of the community stormed the jail and lynched an African American man named Alex Johnson.
On this day 75 years ago, Dr. Lawrence Nixon walked into El Paso's Fire Station No. 5—two decades after first being turned away from the very same polling place—and cast his vote, ending the all-white primary and changing the history of voting rights. I want to share his story: 
Our president has stood with autocrats around the world, from Turkey to Hungary to Pakistan, who have denigrated the free press—and still hasn't condemned MBS for the assassination of Khashoggi. We need a president who defends the press, not one who disparages it. 
Grateful for the chance to tour Ellis Island with Amy this morning. Looking out at the Statue of Liberty, we are reminded that America has always been, and will always be, a nation of immigrants. 
15,000.15,000 human beings—parents ; children, colleagues ; neighbors—lost their lives because states like Texas didn't expand Medicaid.We need universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care—so in the wealthiest country on earth, no one dies because they aren't covered. 
"Federal inspectors visiting a California migrant detention center made a shocking discovery last year: Detainees had made nooses from bedsheets in 15 of 20 cells in the facility they visited." This is who we are—until we change it. 
Looking forward to our town hall in Flint on Wednesday at 3:30 pm. Join us at Flint's 100k ideas incubator—which provides Flint entrepreneurs with the support they need to start and grow their businesses. 
As president, I will sign into law The Equality Act, which would ban discrimination against all LGBTQ+ Americans in employment, housing, and access to public spaces—including in Texas. Chip in to support our grassroots campaign. 
Really enjoyed spending the afternoon with those who joined us at today’s volunteer meet up! You are powering this campaign each day by organizing everywhere, bringing everyone in, and believing in what’s possible for this country when we’re all willing to fight for it. 
Our drug prices are the most expensive in the world; our gun violence epidemic is the deadliest—and all of this is symptomatic of a democracy that’s been captured by corporations. We need to return power back to people. Reginald, appreciate the question.  
In Texas, you can be fired for being gay. You can be denied a home for being gay. You can be barred from adopting a child who needs a loving family because you're gay. Discrimination is an urgent issue in our state. Discrimination against Chick-fil-A is not. 
Seven years after Aurora, we haven't done enough to end gun violence in our schools, our communities, or our country. I'm committed to making this a top priority -- finally achieving universal background checks, stopping the sale of weapons of war, and implementing red flag laws.
 Here’s my podcast w/  
Our Sioux Center town hall brought us to one of the most conservative counties in Iowa. A place that went 81% for Trump. But those we met believe in this country and believe in our power to change it. It's why we show up everywhere and fight for everyone. Thanks for joining us. 
 Thank you Sioux Center ; We can’t wait to come back, because in this campaign we will write no one off ; tak…
Thanks for reaching out, Bill. Just like every parent can send their kid to a public school, under our plan, every American who wants to enroll in Medicare can do so. It’s the best way to guarantee high-quality health care for every single American. 
 Very impressed with what I heard from today when he visited Sioux Center. He’s committed to listening to ev…
 Beto is the first candidate to visit Sioux Center and the crowd seems happy to see him! Sound on.  
Muchas gracias por la invitación para acompañarlos esta mañana en La Juanita. Agradezco mucho la oportunidad de platicar con ustedes sobre el cuidado de salud, inmigración, cambio climático, la deuda estudiantil, y asegurando para que todos seamos tratados con dignidad y respeto. 
These are the consequences of a president who foments hate every day—and sees our diversity not as a strength but as a weakness. Erica, thank you for serving your state and thanks to your husband for serving our country. We are better than this, and together, we will prove it. 
 We couldn’t have asked for a better way to start the day than having take questions at La Juanita in Sioux City…
A burning planet. A broken democracy. A rigged economy. These are some of the greatest challenges we've ever faced—but with our past as our inspiration and our future as our motivation, I believe, together, we can solve every single one of them.
"We go to the Moon not because it's easy, but because it's hard; because that challenge is one we are willing to accept, unwilling to postpone, and intend to win." On Apollo 11's anniversary, JFK's words remind us that, in America, when we come together, we can do anything.
  taking questions in English and Spanish today at the legendary La Juanita in Sioux City — questions range f…
We must end solitary confinement, but we also need to:1⃣End the school-to-prison pipeline2⃣End the War on Drugs3⃣End prohibition on marijuana ; expunge records4⃣End private prisons5⃣End mandatory minimums6⃣End cash bail Thanks for the question, Matthew.  
Big thanks to everyone in Sioux City who came out for tonight's town hall—from Brandy who drove 4 hours, to the regular at the Diving Elk who voted for himself in 2016 but says he's open to another option this time. It'll take all of us to meet this moment. I know that we will. 
 I drove 4.5 hours to hear I was fortunate enough to ask him a question regarding the maternal and infant…
So great to meet Brandy in Sioux City. She's right: Our country will not realize its promise until we close the disparities women of color face in health care, pay, opportunity, maternal mortality, and so much more. Thank you for joining us, Brandy. And thank you for caring. 
I believe in America. Because I believe in all of you. We're going to make sure the rest of the country knows we believe in them. 
This is the best way to guarantee universal, high quality healthcare, dramatically reduce out of pocket expenses, and preserve choice—so every American can be well enough to live to their full potential. 
We don’t have to make the false choice between a status quo where millions of Americans are uninsured and millions more can't afford their prescriptions—and a plan that would force 180 million Americans off their insurance. That's why I support Medicare for America. 
Taking the stage now! Tune in here: 
We need to not only call out what disturbs us about this administration, but call on ourselves to regain the aspirational, ambitious quality of America—and remind this country who we are at our best. Thank you to for having me on.  
Going door to door in Council Bluffs earlier today to listen to and learn from those we want to fight for in this campaign and in the White House. Thanks to everyone who took the time to introduce themselves. Really great to be back in Iowa! 
This campaign has always been inspired by the people we meet at town halls. Our new Caregiver Credit is designed to help people like this  participant, who worry they'll be penalized when they retire for taking time off to care for a family member. 
Americans are afraid Social Security won’t provide them with the support they’ll need. And who could blame them when Trump and Republicans in Congress have proposed cutting the program? We're going to protect it once and for all. Read the plan: 
Building on my work in Congress, the plan also protects the program American workers have paid into while increasing its benefits and safeguarding Social Security for future generations by ensuring the wealthiest in this country finally pay their fair share.
The current system is outdated—and that holds too many Americans back. That's why our plan will also ensure Social Security reflects the diversity of households across the country so we can more effectively support same-sex households and families with multiple breadwinners.
An innovative part of the plan is the Caregiver Credit to reduce the gender and racial gaps that exist in Social Security. It would ensure Americans caring for a child, or a family member who needs help, receive a credit equal to 50% of the avg. earnings of a full-time worker.
Social Security is a sacred trust—a promise that if you work hard, you’ll be able to retire with dignity. But too many Americans are afraid what they paid in won’t be there for them—or won’t be enough. I'll make strengthening Social Security a priority. 
Looking forward to being on the debate stage Tuesday the 30th! I’m bringing two supporters with us to Detroit. Pitch in any amount tonight and you’ll be entered to win. 
The same EPA that won't fight climate change refuses to ban a chemical proven to "damage brain development in children." We need an EPA that won't irreversibly harm our children and the planet they will inherit, but will work every day to protect them. 
We don't need to start another war. We need to end the wars we're in. 
Thanks to the workers, union members, ; champions across the country who kept marching, kept fighting, kept sacrificing until the House voted to  today. I'll continue to  alongside you until it becomes law that every working American is paid a living wage. 
Militarizing our border won't make us safe.Walls won't make us safe.Caging kids won't make us safe.Cities like El Paso are the safest in America—not in spite of the fact that we're cities of immigrants, but because of the fact that we're cities of immigrants. 
We stand with the people of Puerto Rico. Misogyny, homophobia, and disrespect don’t have a place in any government. Period.
Nos unimos con la comunidad de Puerto Rico. La misoginia, homofobia y falta de respeto no deben de existir en ningún tipo de gobierno. Punto.
 You may shoot me with your words,You may cut me with your eyes,You may kill me with your hatefulness,But still, like air, I…
These chants don’t happen by accident. They are the product of a president who sees our diversity not as a strength, but as a weakness. I believe in our country. And I believe, together, not allowing our differences to divide us, we will defeat him and everything he stands for. 
El Paso! I am so proud of this community. Thank you for helping us open our volunteer office tonight and for joining us in a grassroots campaign to win the nomination, defeat Donald Trump, and bring this deeply divided country together so we can meet every challenge we face. 
Great photos from tonight’s office opening in El Paso! 
I stand with The contributions we make to our 9/11 first responders and survivors will always pale in comparison to the magnitude of the sacrifices they made for us. Passing this law is the least we can do to honor them. 
 ➛9 Communities➛48 hours➛Over 300 miles ➛Countless Supporters1️⃣Amazing weekend in New Hampshire with
 "Over the last three months, O'Rourke has visited historically black communities, hosting roundtables often led by black fem…
Universal background checks save kids’ lives. More than 90% of Americans support them. They haven’t become law because of the NRA and the politicians they've bought off. We must defeat them—and following the lead of the students marching for their lives, I know we will. 
 We asked people what issues they cared about at our office opening tonight. Here’s some that came up:1️⃣Climate Change2️⃣P…
There's video of an officer choking Eric Garner to death, while he says, over and over again, "I can't breathe." 11 times. And yet—no one will be punished. We need to hold police accountable for these murders. And in my Justice Department, we will. 
Always inspired by the way El Paso steps up to show the very best of this country to those arriving here seeking asylum and refuge. Grateful for the staff, interns, volunteers, nurses, and those serving meals each day at Annunciation House. Proud of this community. 
Trump wants us to meet asylum seekers with walls and cages. We're going to meet them with a hand, a meal, and the best values and traditions of a nation comprised of refugees and immigrants from the world over. 
 RSVP to join us at one of our office opening parties across the state!🎉 7/16:Sioux CityAmesWaterlooDes MoinesIowa Cit…
When the president tells four duly elected members of congress to go back to their countries, he isn't just offending our sensibilities with his racism. He is changing the very character of America. And we won't let him. 
Our campaign is powered not by PACs, but by people—teachers and students, grassroots donors pitching in from across the country. We are so grateful for their support and hope you'll be as inspired by their stories as we've been. 
I have a plan to mobilize every branch of government to end the nationwide assault on reproductive freedom, protect Roe v. Wade, and fully defend the right of women to make their own decisions about their body. 
Trump's gag rule is an attack on women, their health care, and their rights. I stand with in fighting these dangerous efforts. Regardless of income, everyone should have access to reproductive health care—and that includes abortion. 
 Join us, we need you because this country needs you.  And as Beto always says: if you’re here, you’re always in the rig…
In the 4 short months since we launched, you raised more than $13 million from nearly 200,000 donors across the US. Not only does that show the power of running a truly grassroots campaign, but it means we've met the DNC's donor requirement for the fall debate. All thanks to you.
In only 90 days, you raised $3,647,729.32. No PACs, just people -- powered by 119,888 contributions at an average of $30. Proud of what we're doing across the country and grateful that you're a part of it.
 Thanks to you, we've raised $13 million in less than four months—not from PACs or lobbyists or corporations, but from people.…
Excited about what we're continuing to build in Iowa as we open 11 field offices across the state! 
These congresswomen know more about what it means to be American than Trump ever will. Grateful for their leadership. 
Climate change isn’t a distant threat; it's already here. From hurricanes to wildfires, climate change-fueled extreme weather is already deteriorating the health of millions of Americans. We don't have time to wait. We must act now. 
 Definitely!
They separated families. Locked children in cages. Raided homes. Then, they decided no deterrence policy was cruel enough—so now, they're banning asylum seekers from finding safety in our country. Their cruelty won’t stop until we stand up and stop them. 
Something that we've been talking about in town hall meetings --  the legacy of slavery in the United States  -- now has a much more personal connection. I was recently given documents showing that both Amy and I are descended from people who owned slaves. 
9 events, 48 hours, more than 300 miles across New Hampshire! Big thanks to the incredibly hardworking team who made this weekend possible and to those we met along the way in:🔵Peterborough🔵Amherst🔵Manchester🔵Andover🔵Meredith🔵Lincoln🔵Nashua🔵BrentwoodSee you soon! 
 And that’s a wrap! A jam-packed Brentwood event is lucky  of a 3-day, 48-hour, 300-mile swing through New Hampshire by
Let's rewrite our immigration laws in our own image. Let's reflect our values, our reality, the best interests and traditions of this country that is comprised of immigrants, asylum seekers, and refugees from the world over.Here's our plan:
Immigrants make our communities safer and our country stronger. Thanks to those who joined us for an immigration town hall in Nashua this afternoon. 
 Thank you Nashua! We had an incredible, important conversation with about immigration in this country in the mi…
Grateful for the faith leaders who joined me for a conversation in Nashua this morning. No matter to whom you pray or if you pray at all, we all recognize the need to treat every human being — including those refugees seeking asylum at our border — with dignity and respect. 
This is racist. These congresswomen are every bit as American as you — and represent our values better than you ever will. 
Hiking the Flume Gorge with part of our incredible New Hampshire team! A spectacular way to start the morning. 
 In Andover, pledges to end the cash bail system, for-profit prisons, and the war on drugs, and reiterates the i…
Feeling inspired, energized, and hopeful after ending our four-event day across New Hampshire with a town hall in Meredith. Enjoyed meeting so many great people along the way. Can't wait to see everyone tomorrow in Nashua and Brentwood. 
We had a great time spending the afternoon at the Highland Lake Inn for a town hall in Andover! Appreciate everyone who asked a question, shared their ideas, and joined the campaign we’re building across New Hampshire. 
Tune in to our Meredith town hall, happening now: 
 This afternoon, joined a packed room in Andover in what must be one of the most beautiful barns on planet earth…
Tomorrow, Trump's  begin. Make sure you, your loved ones, and any immigrants in your life  /  Spread the word. 
 O’Rourke talked immigration, healthcare, public education, income inequality and Trump. “Everything else that we want to…
 Folks were fired up for Beto at the Potluck Picnic in Oak Park this afternoon (he brought pasta…
 MANCHESTER, NH — Rep. Beto O’Rourke addresses crowds at a picnic with Manchester Mayor Joyce Craig.   htt…
Enjoyed meeting everyone in Oak Park for the Manchester Democrats' potluck! Good dogs, great conversations, ; an opportunity to work together on achieving universal health care, fully investing in education, and ensuring we rewrite our immigration laws so they reflect our values. 
  speaking at picnic about detention centers at the southern border: “at our best, whenever we…
MARYLAND, VIRGINIA, WASHINGTON, D.C. AREA 
NEW ORLEANS AREA 
NEW YORK CITY AREA 
MIAMI AREA 
HOUSTON AREA 
DENVER AREA 
CHICAGO AREA 
ATLANTA AREA 
LOS ANGELES, SAN DIEGO, AND SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA 
SAN FRANCISCO AND NOHERN CALIFORNIA 
We need everyone to spread the word. Tomorrow,  will begin—with the goal of deporting and terrorizing immigrants across our country. If YOU need help during these raids, this thread tells you who to call in YOUR city. (h/t
Human beings locked in crowded cages not even allowed to shower. This is how we treat asylum seekers and refugees when and reporters are visiting. When the cameras are off, it's even worse. This will define us as a country—until we stand up and change it. 
 
Excited for a full day of events in New Hampshire as we visit:🚙Amherst 🚙Manchester 🚙Andover 🚙Meredith Grateful for those who joined us for a town hall to start a beautiful morning. 
In a democracy — in a government of, by, and for the people — what is happening to these kids right now rests on the shoulders of every single one of us until we do all that we can to make it right.
 Peterborough turned out to say hi to ; protest the inhumane treatment of migrant children in U.S. detention cam…
What’s happening to these children is being done in our name—and it's on us to change it. With thousands gathering in Peterborough and at Lights For Liberty vigils in communities across the country, we showed that we will. Grateful for those who are keeping the pressure on. 
 Beto O’Rourke shares the stories of immigrant children in detention at the Lights for Liberty Rally in Peterborough. He’s…
I agree. Change the law. 
 
 Join at a  vigil here: Vigils are being held across Iowa and the country…
 Back to New Hampshire. on Friday starts a 3-day run through New Hampshire. Friday in Peterborough; Saturda…
We have an economy that works too well for too few and not at all for too many. Let's increase opportunity by achieving:✅Equal pay✅Paid family leave✅A $15 minimum wage✅Universal health care✅Affordable child care✅Affordable higher education✅The Equal Rights Amendment 
Never become numb. Our country separated babies—not old enough to walk or talk—from their parents. And many have yet to be reunited. Join me in protesting this administration's policies at a Lights for Liberty Vigil near you tonight.  
Carla Provost must resign. 
Acosta, Zinke, Pruitt, Flynn, Bannon, and on and on. Over and over again, Trump appointees have been forced to resign because of corruption, cruelty, and criminal behavior. The only way to end this trend is to replace the person at the top.
Acosta protected a child predator. He had to resign, but he never should have been appointed. Trump knew Acosta’s history when he nominated him. And the Republican Senate knew it when they confirmed him. We must hold all of them accountable.
Thousands of members across the country are providing the vision, strength, and character necessary to overcome the greatest set of challenges we’ve faced. Grateful for the opportunity to join them at their presidential forum today ; to follow their lead in the days ahead. 
Trump's ICE raids will not only remain a stain on our conscience if we allow this to continue but will also make us less safe as a country. 
 In response to raids, ⁦ says: “The very presence of immigrants makes us stronger”   
 "Trump ha dividido a este país con muros y jaulas en las que ha colocado a niños", afirmó antes de finalizar.…
 En sus últimas palabras, critica la discriminación e insiste en que sus políticas incluirán a todos. 
 “Vamos a reunir a cada familia y a la gente que busca asilo, a decirle a cada dreamer que se pueden quedar y les vamos a da…
 “Nos aseguraremos de que salvaremos este planeta para las generaciones futuras”, dijo y agregó que utilizarí…
 Beto O´Rourke asegura que para hacer nuestras comunidades más seguras "necesitamos tratar a cada persona con el respeto que ca…
  promete que sus políticas incluirán a todos en EEUU.   
Our CPB agents must be held to the highest possible standards. There has to be oversight, there has to be accountability, and there has to be justice. And as president, I will ensure there is—if not through legislative action, then by executive order. 
 Aspiring Democratic presidential candidates talk about the issues that concern Hispanics   
About to join for their Presidential Town Hall in Milwaukee. Hope you'll be watching. Tune in here: 
 👏🏾💪🏾 Great speech,  
 You ready?! See in NH this weekend.FRIDAY📢Peterborough: SATURDAY📢Amherst: 
Appreciate the opportunity to attend and looking forward to an important, necessary discussion at the 110th National Convention. You can submit questions for the Presidential Candidates Forum at  
The students we've met at the University of South Carolina and on campuses throughout the state have proven they are not just the leaders of tomorrow but the leaders of today. Glad they're fighting to have their voices heard. 
We need everyone to spread the word. If you need help during  this weekend, here's who to call in cities across the country. 
Big thanks to for leading the fight on this. Not only will I protect the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program but I'll vastly expand it. And as president, I will wipe clean all of the student loan debt of public school educators. 
 Fifty-eight years ago this week, I was released from Mississippi State Penitentiary, also known as Parchman Farm, after b…
Not only should we stop opening more private prisons and private immigrant detention centers but we should eliminate those that exist in this country today.
 NEW VIDEO:  COMES TO NASHVILLE"Video from Beto's rally here this week. Beto was impressive. We appreciate h…
In Nashville, I discussed my plan to unlock half a trillion dollars of economic opportunity for women and minority owned businesses while creating 200,000 new small businesses and expanding access to capital.Take a look at the plan here &gt;&gt;  
 🚨🚨 Endorsement Alert 🚨🚨 Dubuque County Recorder John Murphy endorses Welcome to John!
We imprison more of our own people than any other country on the planet. And here in South Carolina, the incarceration rate is even higher than the national average. Let’s turn away from this status quo and build a criminal justice system people can trust. Join us.
We imprison more of our own people than any other country on the planet. And here in South Carolina, the incarceration rate is even higher than the national average. Let’s turn away from this status quo and build a criminal justice system people can trust. Join us.
We imprison more of our own people than any other country on the planet. And here in South Carolina, the incarceration rate is even higher than the national average. Let’s turn away from this status quo and build a criminal justice system people can trust. Join us.
We imprison more of our own people than any other country on the planet. And here in South Carolina, the incarceration rate is even higher than the national average. Let’s turn away from this status quo and build a criminal justice system people can trust. Join us.
Nevada has demonstrated what it means to be a community that embraces those who come here for a better life. But everyday the crisis at the border worsens and our standing as a nation worsens with it. If you are ready for comprehensive immigration reform, add your name:
Nevada has demonstrated what it means to be a community that embraces those who come here for a better life. But everyday the crisis at the border worsens and our standing as a nation worsens with it. If you are ready for comprehensive immigration reform, add your name:
Nevada has demonstrated what it means to be a community that embraces those who come here for a better life. But everyday the crisis at the border worsens and our standing as a nation worsens with it. If you are ready for comprehensive immigration reform, add your name:
Nevada has demonstrated what it means to be a community that embraces those who come here for a better life. But everyday the crisis at the border worsens and our standing as a nation worsens with it. If you are ready for comprehensive immigration reform, add your name:
New Hampshire’s most restrictive voter suppression laws would be repealed under Beto’s voting rights plan. If you believe every Granite Stater should be able to exercise their right to vote and have that vote count, add your name now:
New Hampshire’s most restrictive voter suppression laws would be repealed under Beto’s voting rights plan. If you believe every Granite Stater should be able to exercise their right to vote and have that vote count, add your name now:
New Hampshire’s most restrictive voter suppression laws would be repealed under Beto’s voting rights plan. If you believe every Granite Stater should be able to exercise their right to vote and have that vote count, add your name now:
New Hampshire’s most restrictive voter suppression laws would be repealed under Beto’s voting rights plan. If you believe every Granite Stater should be able to exercise their right to vote and have that vote count, add your name now:
I’ve released the most ambitious plan to fight climate change ever proposed. To help farmers, businesses, and every day people here in Iowa and all across the country. Add your name to show your support.
I’ve released the most ambitious plan to fight climate change ever proposed. To help farmers, businesses, and every day people here in Iowa and all across the country. Add your name to show your support.
I’ve released the most ambitious plan to fight climate change ever proposed. To help farmers, businesses, and every day people here in Iowa and all across the country. Add your name to show your support.
I’ve released the most ambitious plan to fight climate change ever proposed. To help farmers, businesses, and every day people here in Iowa and all across the country. Add your name to show your support.
Shaundelle's son Akilah was murdered with an AR-15-style rifle while in a Nashville Waffle House. She is honoring him with action, starting a foundation in his name. Yesterday, she asked me what I'd do as president to end gun violence in this country. Here's what I told her: 
You will not intimidate She is strong, she is fearless, and she will never stop fighting for El Paso, the border, and ensuring every single one of our fellow human beings is treated with dignity and respect. We're all better off because of it. 
We must define this country not by our fears or our smallness or our differences but by our aspirations, our strength, our courage, and the big, bold, ambitious things we want to achieve together. 
 I – O – W – A!Beto's going all the way 🇺🇸    
Inspired by the energy at African American women are the heart and soul of the Democratic Party. I know that together, we can meet this moment—and restore our democracy. 
We’ll be back! 
We will defend the ACA. We will protect the care of those whose lives depend on it. And we will fight for universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care so every person can see a doctor, afford their prescriptions, and live to their full potential. 
To confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again, and it starts right here in South Carolina.
To confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again, and it starts right here in South Carolina.
To confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again, and it starts right here in South Carolina.
To confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again, and it starts right here in South Carolina.
Acosta must resign. 
To confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again, and it starts right here in Nevada.
To confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again, and it starts right here in Nevada.
To confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again, and it starts right here in Nevada.
To confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again, and it starts right here in Nevada.
To confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again. It starts right here in New Hampshire.
To confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again. It starts right here in New Hampshire.
To confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again. It starts right here in New Hampshire.
To confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again, and it starts right here in New Hampshire.
If we’re going to confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again, and it starts right here in Iowa.
If we’re going to confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again, and it starts right here in Iowa.
If we’re going to confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again, and it starts right here in Iowa.
If we’re going to confront the challenges that we face, we can’t return to the same old approach. We’re going to need a new kind of politics: one directed by the urgency of the next generation. That’s how we’ll bring this country together again, and it starts right here in Iowa.
This is horrifying. These children will live with this trauma for the rest of their lives. We'll have it on our consciences for the rest of ours. No child should ever be locked up—hungry ; thirsty, forced to sleep on concrete floors under tinfoil blankets. 
I learned a lot while on our first visit to Tennessee from immigration advocates, community leaders fighting for equity, and those working to end hunger—but also from people like Liz who just stopped me along the way. Here’s what they told me: 
 Soooo, I met a guy today. And he’s amazing😍 he’s a presidential candidate and he made my policy heart flutter. His nam…
My plan creates a pathway to citizenship for 11 million people in this country - including DREAMers and their parents - so our laws and how we treat immigrants are reflective of our values. Let us fully embrace the strength immigration brings to America. 
This is wrong. As president I’ll prohibit DHS from using facial recognition to go after immigration offenses. Instead of abusing the privacy of those in our communities, we’ll provide pathways for immigrants to further contribute to society ; the economy. 
I won’t forget the conversations we had, the lessons learned, the stories shared, the ideas contributed. Each will guide this campaign and our commitment to always fighting for justice, opportunity, and equity for everyone. Grateful for the opportunity to spend the day with you.
Appreciate and the community leaders who are helping ensure everyone’s perspectives are reflected in our vision for education, voting rights, health care, small businesses, and our plans to combat gun violence, secure paid family leave, ; fix our justice system. 
Every single American should have access to a good job and to high-quality, guaranteed health care. That’s why I’m standing with the 85,000 Kaiser workers who are fighting to secure their rights, provide for their families, and serve their patients.
 Thank you to The Horn Coffee Shop for hosting our immigration round table with The Horn is owner by former re…
 Today we met w/ Dem. presidential candidate Our members shared experiences ; priorities for the next administ…
 Great time talking with about his platform as President and his specific plans for people who look like m…
Thank you to for a very powerful conversation at The Horn Coffee. I’ll carry with me your ideas and your diversity of experiences — as Dreamers, refugees, asylum seekers, and immigrants — so we rewrite our laws, live up to our values, and achieve our full potential. 
 On his second day in Nashville, is at a roundtable with immigrants living in Tennessee. He’s listening to…
Immigration roundtable in Nashville  
I think everyone should have a seat at the table. And the only way that’s possible is to actually show up and personally be here. 
 Presidential candidate discusses wages, equal rights, small businesses, and more at  
Spent the morning at the Second Harvest Food Bank of Middle Tennessee as they continue the incredible and urgent work they’re doing each day to serve the community, fight food insecurity, and solve hunger issues across the state and throughout this country. 
"It was the state's first big rally of the 2020 presidential campaign as Democratic presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke spoke to a crowd in Nashville. He laid out some of his priorities, which include fighting climate change, immigration policies, and access to health care." 
 Shout out to  for the reminder to act. 
 Beto is getting loud cheers and huge applause in Nashville as he calls for an end on the prohibition of weed and expun…
Very grateful that you made the drive, Lauren! Glad we had a chance to talk. See you again soon. 
So much energy in Nashville tonight. I am grateful. I am inspired. And I am committed to running a campaign with you that writes nobody off and takes nobody for granted. At this moment of truth for our country, it’s going to take all of us. 
 Fun moment from today in Nashville: walks in and immediately joins dance troupe. 
 Just saw at his first event in Nashville! He had a really unifying message ; talked of how living in a red sta…
Universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care for every person in this country. 
Every woman should be able to make her own decisions about her own body — in Tennessee, in Texas, in every state and every community of this country. That’s what I believe and that’s what I’m fighting for. 
 HAPPENING NOW! in Nashville, Tennessee! He believes background checks on every gun sale can save lives and r…
 Thank you for coming to Nashville 
 Nashville is feeling this afternoon. It’s the loudest room I’ve been in for a political candidate in Tenne…
Nashville! 
 We’re here at the event in Nashville! Follow along for updates. 
3:00 at Marathon Music Works! Everyone is welcome. See you soon. 
Big congratulations to the winning their fourth World Cup!! Continuing to make this country incredibly proud at home and abroad. It’s time to celebrate everything they’ve accomplished — and pay them what they deserve. 
Join us for a 3:00 rally at Marathon Music Works in Nashville. See you soon! 
 
Excited to be in Nashville today! Looking forward to seeing you for a 3:00 public rally at Marathon Music Works (1402 Clinton St). Everyone is welcome. 
 Looking forward to this tomorrow! 🇺🇸🎸🇺🇸 
We have a maternal mortality crisis in this country that is 3x as deadly for women of color. We must achieve universal health care, fully invest in family planning clinics, and follow the lead of women who are confronting this crisis daily. 
Incredibly grateful to have the opportunity to be at  this evening. Black women are the heart and soul of the Democratic Party. We witnessed that in Texas. We've seen it across America. And this country is becoming a more perfect union because of it. 
 At   says “African American women are the heart and soul of the Democratic Party” 
 Most of the candidates here at Essence Fest have rattled off the same statistics specific to black women when it comes to pay…
Our climate plan mobilizes $5 trillion—spurred by the largest investment towards fighting climate change in history. It also defends communities that are on the front lines, increasing by ten-fold the spending on pre-disaster mitigation grants. Full plan: 
The greatest threat we face is climate change and we can’t fight it without also fighting for climate justice. Thanks to the members of Thrive New Orleans and the environmental champions who joined us for a discussion on how we meet this challenge with everything we've got. 
The solutions to fighting climate change are coming from the communities most impacted by it. That's why we were in the ninth ward of New Orleans this afternoon to listen, learn, and continue adding more voices and perspectives to our historic climate plan. 
New Orleans climate justice roundtable 
Always love joining Grateful for the opportunity to have a conversation in New Orleans. Catch our full interview soon on the Jemele Hill is Unbothered podcast via 
As president, I will wipe clean the student loan debt of public school educators.
Instead of investing in corporations and special interests, we're going to invest in people and communities. We'll fight for:✅The right to organize✅Paid family leave✅Affordable child care✅Universal pre-K✅Universal health care✅A minimum wage that is a living wage 
Appreciate the labor leaders ; organizers who joined me for a roundtable. We’ll strengthen our unions, protect collective bargaining, and guarantee one job is enough by paying every working American a true living wage. We stand with organized labor in TX and across the country. 
Grateful for the opportunity to join and incredible educators from across the country this afternoon at  I will fight to ensure this country always supports our public schools and fully invests in the students and educators inside our classrooms. 
 We’re over halfway! The sixth candidate on stage is  
 Texas’s own “my kids go to dual language public schools in El Paso ; they’re getting an absolutely terrific pub…
 James from What have you done to support unions?  what had to say: ht…
We will not allow a single public tax dollar to be taken out of our public school classrooms, turned into vouchers, and sent to private schools. 
We must support our educators, prioritize our public schools, and fully invest in all the students inside our public school classrooms. Close the achievement gap. Close the funding gap. And finally ensure there is equity in education. 
As president, I will forgive all student loan debt for public school educators. Let's wipe clean that debt altogether so they can focus on the kids in their classrooms instead of on how they'll pay back their loans. 
  says teachers should have the right to organize, earn a living wage, have student loan forgiveness, and we sh…
 “I want to make sure that [teachers] can focus and not have to work a second and a third job! That means the right to organ…
  “We have seen what happens when states take away the right of teachers to organize. I want to ensure every teac…
My administration will fully invest in a world class Pre-k through 12 public education system, get the backs of our educators across the country, and ensure that we’re paying them a living wage so they don’t have to work a second or third job anymore. 
A quarter of teachers in S.C. leave the classroom after their first year. Nearly half leave before their fifth. And this is happening in states across America. We're going to address this head on by supporting our educators and ensuring they're always paid a living wage. 
 At NEA Forum starts by talking about “world class” educators at nearby Kasmere Gardens. Talks about how th…
Joining and for  now! You can follow along here: 
 🚨 Starting now 🚨 Tune in to the  2020 Presidential Forum ➡️  ⬅️
 That's why has proposed rolling back the worst elements of the Trump Tax Cuts to generate hundreds of billi…
"Beto O’Rourke along with his wife, Amy, and their three children visited rural Mitchell County. He fielded questions from the crowd for more than a half-hour. O’Rourke has emphasized a commitment to visit communities large and small throughout Iowa." 
“Beto O’Rourke toured the Iowa Veterans Home and spoke about domestic and foreign policy Wednesday. Investing in veterans’ career and education opportunities and cures to combat-specific conditions were other areas of focus for O’Rourke.” 

Congratulations to all the new U.S. citizens who took part in today’s naturalization ceremony at Principal Park! We’re incredibly proud of you. 
 . and family have arrived in Des Moines, where they’re watching the citizenship ceremony at Principal Park. 
  and family watches as the naturalization ceremony gets underway at the iCubs ballgame 
Really enjoyed spending the afternoon in Williams, a community of 332. This campaign is about going everywhere, showing up for everyone, and focusing on people every single day. Grateful for the welcome and the town hall conversation. 
 Here's in the Independence, Iowa  parade. More photos here ;  
Happy Independence Day from Independence, Iowa! 
 Our kids may be young, but they know what’s up.  Thanks for being a part of their hometown 4th of July Parade  
Independence  
The Fourth of July is a moment to celebrate our freedom—and to acknowledge how many of our fellow human beings, sleeping in cages at our border and locked up in our prisons, are still denied the liberty and equality promised by our Declaration.
 Happy Independence Day from Independence, Iowa!  
Getting ready to march in the Independence Day parade in Independence, Iowa! 
 The crowd is ready for the Independence Day parade in Independence. 
Amy, Ulysses, Molly, Henry, and I loved spending the evening at the Independence Day celebration carnival in Clear Lake. Thanks for the warm welcome to such a beautiful community. 
 A little rain isn’t going to stop the family from having a blast at the Clear Lake 4th of July Carnival 
 Hello St. Ansgar!! O’Rourke fam in the house!  
I will fight for universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care. At a time when we have a maternal mortality crisis that is 3 times as deadly for women of color, that means primary health care, mental health care, and that every woman can make her own decisions about her body. 
Thanks to everyone who joined us in St. Ansgar for a town hall. Enjoyed the discussion about health care, immigration, public education, and ensuring we fix our democracy by ending gerrymandering, banning PACs, and expanding voting rights. 
I will end private prisons and private immigrant detention centers in this country. 
Town hall in St. Ansgar, IA  
Lunch in Marshalltown! 
Enjoyed being back in Marshalltown for a visit to the Iowa Veterans Home where we learned about the great work Commandant Oujiri ; his staff are doing to serve those who served us. I am committed to honoring our veterans by fully investing in them at home and ending wars abroad. 
"Beto O’Rourke was greeted by a packed house of supporters and scattered thunderstorms upon his return to Ames. He delivered a speech with a focus on immigration. Several weeks ago, O'Rourke released an immigration plan..." 
  talking about the role farmers can play in climate change: “Let’s pay those farmers for environmental services…
Back in Ames tonight! Grateful for everyone who joined the town hall discussion, shared their ideas, and committed to the work ahead as we build a grassroots campaign to meet every single one of the challenges before us. 
 It’s a rainy Tuesday night in Ames, and it’s standing room only here at a house party for and there is still…
  on the decision for the US Census to not have a citizenship question: “More people are going to be counte…
55 years after the signing of the Civil Rights Act, we’re reminded that it's never enlightened members of Congress who've secured change ; progress. It's the people who've applied the pressure that has forced them to get it done. In Iowa, we committed to keeping that pressure on. 
On Sunday, I went to Juarez to hear from asylum seekers who have been abandoned by our country. We have a clear choice before us — either we accept this is who we are or we change it. I’m in this fight to change it. Join me and  to spread the word. 
Amy and I are thrilled to be back in Iowa and have the opportunity to be here with Ulysses, Molly, and Henry. Thanks for the welcome! 
  in Ames spends nearly his whole speech talking about the camps at the border. “There is powerful preceden…
  house party in Ames, Iowa - LIVE at 7:30pm ET on C-SPAN  
Good day for democracy. Thank you to the activists and advocates across the country who fought for every single one of us to be counted—and kept the pressure on until we got this done. 
We need oversight. We need accountability. I would upgrade and increase staffing in the asylum system, end family separation, only require detention for someone who poses a danger to our communities, ; implement a Family Case Management System. More here: 
A year ago, I was inside this very Border Patrol Processing Center. There were kids behind cyclone fencing who were sleeping on concrete floors under tin foil blankets. The conditions have gotten even more inhumane and more cruel since. We must fix the entire system.
This is being done in our name, and it’s on all of us to stop it. 
Amy and I are excited to be back in Iowa, and to introduce you to Ulysses, Molly, ; Henry. Hope you'll join us in:🚙Ames today at 6 (2108 Hughes St)🚙St. Ansgar tomorrow at 2 (1360 487th St)🚙Independence Thurs. at 8AM (209 5th Ave NE)🚙Williams Thurs. at 2:30 (311 Spruce St)
Iowa bound! 
55 years ago, the Civil Rights Act was enacted—a testament not to politicians but to people. Those who marched ; put their lives on the line not just to change the law but to change the character of this country. We will continue the fight for full civil rights, justice ; equity.
We must fully honor our veterans by investing in them at home and ending the wars abroad. Here’s our plan to make it happen:  
Congrats on starting today, Uduak! Excited that you're on the team. 
  returns to Iowa tomorrow, this time with the whole family! Check out which counties has visited…
No one putting their life on the line for our country overseas should have to live in fear of their families being deported back home. This president is a disgrace to their service. 
This language does not just offend us. It makes possible the inhumane conditions of border patrol facilities, the death of at least seven children in our care, and the hatred directed toward immigrants every single day. There must be accountability and justice. 
Fuimos a Homestead, Southwest Key y Clint. Seguiremos presionando hasta que cambien estas medidas tan inhumanas del presidente Trump. 
Amy and I loved being on the road together across Iowa last month. And we're excited to introduce you to Ulysses, Molly, and Henry when we return to the state tomorrow. Find all of our Iowa events here &gt;&gt;  
 Former Texas Rep. Beto O'Rourke denounced the Trump administration's controversial "Remain in Mexico" policy for asylum…
"O'Rourke visited Mexico and listened to tearful immigrants say they fled Central American violence and turmoil to seek asylum in the U.S., but were turned away at the border. Later, O'Rourke staged a rally outside the U.S. Border Patrol facility in Clint" 
This is a campaign powered not by PACs, but by people. I am so grateful to everyone who has become a part of our movement; and I hope you chip in one more time before our deadline tonight to show the strength of our people powered campaign. 
We must end the Remain in Mexico policy, end metering, end family separation, and end the detention of those who pose absolutely no threat. But we must go far beyond that and fix the entire system. Earlier this year, I wrote a plan to accomplish this:
The wealthiest, the most powerful country on the face of the planet is turning these families away from a land comprised of refugees and asylum seekers the world over. This can't be us. This can't be America. But right now, it's America and it's on all of us to make this right.
In addition to this administration's inhumane policies, they overturned asylum protections for domestic abuse survivors. That means this mother and her three children are forced to wait for months to even begin the process of petitioning for asylum and having their case heard.
Another mom I met was a victim of domestic violence. She showed me the injuries that she ; her 3 children sustained back home. When she made it our border, she was told to wait in Mexico. She kept telling me how afraid she was but that she just wants to make it okay for her kids.
So he walked much of the 2,000 mile journey with his son on his shoulders. He lost his shoes along the way. Another person traveling with him fell ill and died on the journey -- one of the thousands of asylum seekers to die while trying to come to the U.S. to escape violence.
Spoke with a father from El Salvador who was at work when gang members showed up and demanded he give them ransom or else they'd kill his young son. He went to the police but they responded by telling him it was best for his family to leave because they couldn’t protect him.
Met a 19-year-old who was separated from her family when they traveled to the border seeking refuge from El Salvador. She has already been waiting in Juárez for 3 months but her court date isn't for another. She has no legal help and doesn't know if she'll see her siblings again.
She had a business in Honduras, a home, and a school her daughter liked. She didn't want to leave -- she had to. She made the decision that I would make it if I were in the same situation with Molly, to come here and seek safety. I think it's what any parent would do.
I spoke with a mom who faced violence, kidnapping, and threats to her 10-year-old's life in Honduras. They traveled atop, not inside of, a train known as La Bestia and fell off on the journey. They've been in Juárez 4 months and don't have their U.S. court appointment until Sept.
I walked across the Paso del Norte bridge and into Mexico this morning to meet with kids and families who came to our country seeking asylum but who have been turned back by this administration's unlawful and inhumane policies. This is who we are keeping out: 
 I’ve travelled with to detention centers in Texas, and I’m grateful he continues to use his platform to fight…
 Democratic presidential candidate Beto O’Rourke  rallied outside the U.S. Customs and Border Protection st…
What’s happening to these children is being done in our name—but in a democracy, it's on us to change it. With hundreds gathering at Clint, we showed that we will. We will do right by these kids, these families, and our country. Thanks to those who are keeping the pressure on. 
  travels to  today to meet asylum seekers, people that O’Rourke says are “forced to wait” because of…
  has arrived outside the  detention center. “Thank you all for being here today. I am very, very, very…
 Former  Congressman and  White House hopeful calls for sweeping immigration reform at 
  now addressing crowd at  facility regarding detention of children and Migrant Protection Protocol — forcing…
 Former U.S. Rep. and current presidential candidate holds a protest at the  Border Patrol Station fol…
  speaks at the  border patrol station about the conditions migrants are being kept in. 
Live now at the Clint Migrant Detention Facility  
 In Ciudad Juarez,  meets with Central American asylum seekers forced to wait at a Mexican shelter. 19-year-…
 Comienzan a reunirse en espera del candidato  en exterior de estación de la Parrulla Fronteriza en Clint. Para…
Please join me this morning at 10:00 as we gather outside the Clint Border Patrol facility and demand an immediate end to Trump’s inhumane policies and cruel treatment of children. We need everyone there. 13400 Alameda Ave, Clint, TX 79836
 TODAY: we interview 2020 Democratic Presidential Candidate On TV, the radio, and streaming online, don't…
  led us in a march to Tornillo on Father’s Day 2018 to protest family separation and the inhumane treatmen…
Absolutely loved being back in Houston today. Grateful for the energy and the reminder that when you write nobody off and when you take nobody for granted, when nobody is dismissed and everyone is included, there is no stopping this country and there is no stopping us. 
This can't be us. This can't be America. But in a democracy, where the people are the government and the government is the people, it's America and it's on us until we make this right.Join me at the Clint Border Patrol Station tomorrow. 10:00. 13400 Alameda Ave, Clint, TX 79836 
Join us for Bands with Beto tonight at 6:00 in Houston. We’re meeting at The West End - A Public House (5320 Westheimer Rd). Hope to see you there!
There's a long history of black Americans being told they don't belong—and millions are kept down and shut out to this day. is an American. Period. And all of us must call out attempts to question her identity for what they are: racist. 
We are all accountable for the children this government locks away in our name. We're going to do everything we can to make sure they're okay, to reunite them with their families, and to fight these inhumane policies. Grateful for those who joined us to keep the pressure on. 
 Just moments ago in Houston, Beto O’Rourke holds rally in front of detention facility where unaccompanied minors are be…
 Proud to stand and fight with Beto and everyone else for justice for these children 
  says the United States should be held accountable for every child death that happens in this country. 
 Beto O’Rourke in Houston just now bringing attention to detention facility where unaccompanied minors are being kept ht…
  now at protest outside Southwest Key facility in Houston 
Southwest Key Detention Center in Houston 
I visited Homestead Detention Center this week where thousands of kids are being subject to conditions no human being should face — and it’s all happening in our name. Here’s what I saw: 
At the heart of this grassroots campaign is that you finally return power to people. It's how we're building a new kind of politics and it's how we're going to meet each of the challenges before us. 
I'm on the way to the Southwest Key Detention Center in Houston. There must be an immediate public inspection of this facility where kids are currently being held. I need your help in keeping up the public pressure -- join me at 12:00.  419 Emancipation Ave. Houston, TX 77003
Big thanks to everyone who welcomed us back home to Texas tonight. You are making all of this possible! 
 the moment we’ve all waited for, thank you so much for tonight beto!! 
 Standing room only here at for event. O’Rourke currently speaking about detention of migr…
  speaks before an Austin crowd at Scholz Garten 
  in Austin, Texas. Talking about visiting immigration detention center in Homestead, Florida. 
Back in Austin! Grateful for the inspiration, the energy, and the commitment to the work ahead as we build a new kind of politics in this country — powered entirely by people. 
We have a really important deadline coming up on June 30th, and we need your help to meet our fundraising goals! Here’s campaign manager Jen O’Malley Dillon on her thoughts post-debate and our important deadline coming up &gt;&gt;
Contribute to this campaign fighting for a new kind of politics unafraid to seek justice for those wronged by our country and hold those in power to account.
We have a really important deadline coming up on June 30th, and we need your help to meet our fundraising goals! Here’s campaign manager Jen O’Malley Dillon on her thoughts post-debate and our important deadline coming up &gt;&gt;
Contribute to this campaign fighting for a new kind of politics unafraid to seek justice for those wronged by our country and hold those in power to account.
We have a really important deadline coming up on June 30th, and we need your help to meet our fundraising goals! Here’s campaign manager Jen O’Malley Dillon on her thoughts post-debate and our important deadline coming up &gt;&gt;
Contribute to this campaign fighting for a new kind of politics unafraid to seek justice for those wronged by our country and hold those in power to account.
We have a really important deadline coming up on June 30th, and we need your help to meet our fundraising goals! Here’s campaign manager Jen O’Malley Dillon on her thoughts post-debate and our important deadline coming up &gt;&gt;
Contribute to this campaign fighting for a new kind of politics unafraid to seek justice for those wronged by our country and hold those in power to account.
We have a really important deadline coming up on June 30th, and we need your help to meet our fundraising goals! Here’s campaign manager Jen O’Malley Dillon on her thoughts post-debate and our important deadline coming up &gt;&gt;
Contribute to this campaign fighting for a new kind of politics unafraid to seek justice for those wronged by our country and hold those in power to account.
Women deserve equal pay. 
Amy and I are heading over to Scholz Garten for a 6:00 public meet and greet in Austin. Hope to see you there! 1607 San Jacinto Blvd. Everyone is welcome.
Please join me Sunday morning at 10:00 as we gather outside the Clint Border Patrol facility and demand an immediate end to Trump’s inhumane policies and cruel treatment of children. We need everyone there.  to spread the word. 13400 Alameda Ave, Clint, TX 79836 
Dreamers are Americans. We must forever free them from any fear of deportation by making them citizens so they can continue contributing to this, their true home country. 
 WATCH: Beatrice in West Des Moines is a huge supporter because he’s fighting for a new kind of politics and has…
 Carrie Feit VP : visited  it made him speechless ; so impassioned, he stayed w folks f…
Earlier this month, I visited Stonewall, where, 50 years ago, heroes stood up for their rights and paved the way for so much progress. Today, let’s celebrate their sacrifices—and resolve to continue fighting until every LGBTQ+ American achieves true equality. 
There were multiple, systemic efforts by Russia to interfere in our election but Trump calls it a hoax. It’s because he invited these attacks. It’s why he obstructed the investigation into them. And it’s why we need to protect our democracy by beginning impeachment proceedings.
Sitting next to the leader of a country that successfully invaded our democracy, Trump once again refused to stand up for America and instead chose to side with Russia and its dictator, Vladimir Putin. 
TONIGHT: Join us in Austin for a 6:00 meet and greet at Scholz Garten (1607 San Jacinto Blvd). Everyone is welcome. Looking forward to seeing you there!Details:  
We need universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care so every person can see a doctor, afford their prescriptions, and get the care they need to live to their full potential. Here's my plan to achieve this: 
Austin! We're looking forward to being back tomorrow night. Hope to see you at Scholz Garten (1607 San Jacinto Blvd) for a 6:00 meet and greet. Everyone is welcome. 
 We heard oppose the Trump administration’s cruel family separation and deportation policies last night at the 
The citizenship question was designed to draw immigrants out of our democracy. Now, Trump's threatening to undermine the Court—and separation of powers—proving, yet again, he’s unfit for office. The census must be printed, without delay, and count every single one of us. 
Visited Homestead to see what is happening to thousands of kids in our name. It is inhumane, it should be un-American, but as long as it is happening in this country, it is American. And it’s on us to change it. Grateful for those who are fighting each day to free these children. 
 Earlier: Beto O’Rourke, asked if he has a message for Donald Trump here @ Homestead: “This is what happens when you call Mexica…
 ‘THIS IS WRONG’: 2020 candidate Beto O’Rourke visited a temporary shelter for undocumented migrant children in Homestead,…
Just left Homestead. Here’s what I learned:  
 WATCH: speaking at Homestead — highlighting what’s at stake at this defining moment of truth for our coun…
 "We see them. We hear them. We support them. We love them," says at  "We will not give up til they…
 Beto O’Rourke now talking about the shuttered Tornillo Migrant Youth Detention Center in Texas, tells activists here at Homeste…
  and activists try to get attention of children seen over fence inside Homestead detention center 
At Homestead 
Homestead  
This is about having every voice heard. To achieve that, we'll:✅Stop gerrymandering✅Ban PAC contributions✅Sign a new Voting Rights Act✅Make Election Day a federal holiday✅Enact same day ; automatic registration✅Prevent members of congress from ever becoming lobbyists
My plan to fix our democracy and return power to people would end partisan gerrymandering designed to draw people out of their democracy—and ensure 35 million additional votes are cast in 2024. Read it here: 
We're at risk of becoming a democracy in name only. 
If we're going to confront the challenges we face, we can't return to the same old approach. We need a new kind of politics—powered by people and driven driven by the urgency of the next generation. 
With thousands of our fellow Americans, I led march after march on the Tornillo tent camp where kids were held in the desert by this administration until we shut it down. That's how you lead the fight for immigration reform. I've been doing that my whole life. 
Joined earlier to talk about a new kind of politics where we put people over PACs so we can finally fix our Democracy, end gun violence, and achieve universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care. Watch the full interview here. 
 Tonight, I was on stage for my kids, and for children across this country, including some, their same age, separated from…
 COMING UP: will be LIVE at 8am ET on talking about last night’s  and the need for…
 Beto O’Rourke: “The whole heart of our campaign is you return power to people … you have people reflected in the policies that w…
 Live now on 
 Coming up next:
Tonight, I was on stage for my kids, and for children across this country, including some, their same age, separated from their families, sleeping on concrete floors under tin foil blankets. To do right by them, we need a new kind of politics. 
So join us. Be a part of this campaign.This is our moment. And future generations are counting on us to meet it. 
It’ll take a movement like we led in Texas—one that renewed our democracy by bringing everyone in and writing no one off.That’s how we’ll defeat Donald Trump and bring this country together.
To meet the challenges we face, we can’t take the same old approach. It’s going to take a new kind of politics—driven by the urgency of the next generation: Climate activists fighting for their future, and for everyone’s. Students marching for their lives, and for all of ours. 
Following the lead of the students marching for their lives, we need to implement universal background checks, pass red flag laws, and keep weapons of war on the battlefield—so they’re not trained against our communities in synagogues and churches, concerts and movie theaters. 
In America, no one—including the President—is above the law. He must be impeached.
Our greatest existential threat is climate change.
Since Trump swore to protect and defend the United States, he has done exactly the opposite—relinquishing America’s role as the leader of the free world, cozying up to dictators, and abandoning our allies.
 In Iowa, has heard firsthand from Milan Underberg, a middle schooler in Newton on how we keep our kids safe in…

Climate change is the greatest threat we face—and we have one last chance to unleash the ingenuity and political will of hundreds of millions of Americans to meet this moment before it's too late. Here's our plan: 
  on guns: "This effort must be led by the young people...The students from Marjorie Stoneman Douglas changed…
Children should be able to learn without fear of being gunned down in school. All of us should be able to live, without fear of being murdered in our mosques, synagogues, and churches; at movie theaters, in concerts, or on the street. We must end our epidemic of gun violence.
On gun violence, we can either accept this as our fate and fortune—that we are somehow inherently evil and dangerous—or we can acknowledge that this is a human problem with a human solution and act immediately.
Our nation has always welcomed the oppressed, the persecuted, and the hopeful—but Trump has defied this aspiration, which is drafted into our Declaration and welded into our Statue of Liberty. We need to do better. Here's our plan: 
 Trump is responsible for these deaths. 
We need to end the federal prohibition on marijuana—and expunge the records of those incarcerated for low-level drug offenses.
Let's decriminalize marijuana, a drug that's legal in much of the United States—and turn our attention to executives at companies like Perdue Pharma, who knowingly and deliberately pushed for highly addictive opioid medications to be over-prescribed.
  with the first mention of reproductive freedom in tonight's  also has to mean that every w…
All women should have access to the healthcare they need—and that includes abortion.
Our healthcare plan, Medicare for America, is the surest way to guarantee universal, high quality healthcare and dramatically reduce out of pocket expenses. 
Medicare for America was inspired by people like Joey from Laredo—a 27-year-old man who was told he would die by the age of 40 from diabetes and glaucoma, but has only been to the doctor once because he doesn't have health insurance. Took this note when we first heard his story. 
Necesitamos incluir a todos en esta economía.
That means: 1⃣ Investing in our schools, so all kids have an equal chance 2⃣ Investing in healthcare—so all Americans are well enough to go to work or start a business 3⃣ Investing in a clean energy future—confronting climate change and creating millions of new jobs.
Our economy doesn’t need $2 trillion tax breaks for the wealthiest Americans and the biggest corporations. We need durable, sustainable growth, built on real things: innovation, infrastructure, and immigration.
Tonight, you'll hear our vision for a new kind of politics—powered by people and driven by the urgency of the next generation. Join us. 
Four years ago, marriage equality became the law of the land thanks to champions fighting day after day. We will honor that victory by committing to achieving full LGBTQ+ rights, signing the Equality Act into law, and ensuring everyone is finally treated with dignity and respect.
"On Tuesday afternoon, the day before the first Democratic debates begin in Miami, O’Rourke spoke with teacher union members in English and Spanish...He added that increased public education funding would come from his administration"
I released a plan to end our forever wars and bring our service members home while reinvesting nearly $200 billion that will result from ending these wars into helping veterans. Proud to sign the Pledge ; partner with them to get this done.
Necesitamos reemplazar a Betsy DeVos, invertir en nuestras escuelas públicas, y apoyar a nuestros maestros. 
Women hold 20% of senior Pentagon positions and 12% of FBI senior agent positions. Efforts to fight discrimination ; sexism in senior national security roles needs to be met head on. Today, I signed a pledge with to ensure my Administration would be equally represented. 
As his administration refuses to follow our laws -- preventing refugees from presenting themselves for asylum at our ports of entry -- they cause families to cross between ports, ensuring greater suffering ; death. At the expense of our humanity, not to the benefit of our safety.
Trump is responsible for these deaths. 
"Beto O'Rourke met with local educators in North Miami. One of the biggest things he talked about when it came to education was equality in education and focussing more on public schools and their educators. He also talked about a plan where teachers' student loans are forgiven." 
 Now at town hall with North Miami teachers. Candidate talking about education challenges and emphasizing his…
 As President, I’ll make sure we fully fund IDEA.   
 There is no role for for-profit charters in this country. My focus will be on public schools and public school educators. -
I will ensure that we fully invest in a pre-K-12 world-class public school system, finally pay our teachers a living wage, end the school to prison pipeline, and achieve equity in our classrooms. Once we do that, there's no stopping our students and no stopping this country. 
 We need to ensure that people, not corporations, are at the center of our politics.  
 We have a teacher shortage because we’ve failed to value and respect teachers. -  
 Democratic Presidential Candidate in North Miami for American Federation of Teachers Town Hall. One day before…
  Beto O'Rourke at AFT Votes Town Hall in Miami 
 📽️ Watch the  town hall with and members of and
Grateful for the opportunity to join and incredible public educators for a discussion. I will ensure this country always supports our public schools and fully invests in the students and educators inside our classrooms while ensuring there is equity in education. 
Big honor to have Salud’s endorsement in our campaign to represent and fight for all Americans -- especially our nation’s veterans and their families. He’s always been a champion for California and the members of our armed services across the country. 
5⃣ The plan works to fully honor our veterans by investing in them at home, and ending wars abroad. You can read it here: 
I believe we support our Armed Forces by ensuring our foreign incursions are only a last resort. If politicians want to send our kids, our parents, our neighbors into combat, they should have to explain why every single one of us should bear the costs of war’s consequences.
4⃣ I will not only end our wars, but I’ll make it harder politically for Washington to start new ones. We’ll implement a progressive tax to be triggered if a new war is started, exclusively to fund the care of future veterans -- never war itself.
3⃣ It follows what I’ve long said about stopping war -- that we will cancel the blank check for war, end the AUMF, ; return power to the American people. As president, I will ensure that before this country enters another war, we have exhausted every single peaceful alternative.
2⃣ This is accomplished by reinvesting nearly $200 billion that will result from ending these wars into directly helping veterans -- improving their health care, resources ; the VA while preventing veteran homelessness and expanding the support offered to them and their families.
1⃣ My plan finally ends our current forever wars and brings our service members back home to strengthen their communities and receive the highest quality care from the best trained personnel at the best equipped VA facilities.
Yesterday, I released a comprehensive plan to fully support those who put their lives on the line for our country. The single best way I see that we can honor and support our veterans is by not sending them into a needless war, anywhere, in the first place.
Daniel served two tours in Afghanistan. When he returned, he suffered from PTSD and addiction. He waited 13 months for his disability declaration, and just weeks before he would enter treatment, he died. We have a plan to prevent this from happening again.  
"O'Rourke held a round table with local veterans, medical professionals and advocates. He said that he would end the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and put the savings into VA programs, while seeking to avoid endless conflicts in other parts of the world." 
 California endorses says “His dedication to both active service members and veterans is exactly…
  announces new congressional endorsement: California’s O’Rourke’s former colleague on the Hou…
"Beto O'Rourke is out with a new plan today to help veterans. His four part plan would end the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and reinvest that money into support programs and a state-of-the-art VA health care system. It would ensure veterans succeed when they come home." 
“O’Rourke — who heavily focused on veterans issues during his six years in the House of Representatives — released a proposal Monday morning that outlines how he would improve the lives of veterans if elected president.”More from the Washington Post:
  released this plan to for America’s veterans, to make them a priority in this country. As a Marine Corps v…
 Having served 6 years on the VA Committee w/my friend I know he is committed to ensuring all veterans rec…
 "As someone working on the front lines of the suicide ; substance abuse epidemic in the veteran community, this proposal is…
As we traveled to each of the 254 counties of Texas, I said we'd end the wars that we are in. Today's plan ensures that by ending them, we reinvest the resources saved in those who served as we bring service members back home to their communities. 
“Beto released a plan to improve the lives of veterans, returning to an area of priority during his time in the US House...The plan calls for a responsible end to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, reinvesting $1 out of every $2 saved in veterans programs.” 
My new plan will honor our veterans by investing in them at home while ending the wars abroad. Grateful for the veterans, families of those who served, and advocates who joined us in Tampa to share their ideas and perspectives so we can improve resources and care. 
  is going to make ending the wars in Iraq ; Afghanistan a major priority. Get the latest on his new veterans pl…
 Today released a plan to:☑️End "forever wars," reinvest savings in veterans☑️Build state-of-the-art VA system…
 Earlier this month, met with veterans in Sumter to discuss their needs.And today, he's rolling out his plan t…
  just listened for over two hours to our roundtable discussion on  issues, the VA, the need to 
  swinging through Tampa ahead of debate, follows up release of veterans plan this morning w/ roundtable w/…
With veterans in Tampa, I just introduced a comprehensive plan to support those who served this country. We will end these forever wars and fully invest in ensuring that every veteran has the best care, support, and resources America can provide. 
 US Presidential candidate Beto O’Rourke, greets US Veteran Jerry Green during a discussion of veteran issues at a stop at…
 Beto O’Rourke just released a plan for how he would improve the lives of veterans by ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan a…
We'll also support veterans seeking to improve their employment credentials, own businesses or farms, or avoid crushing student debt. We'll devote resources to preventing veteran homelessness. And we'll expand support offered to veterans as they re-enter their communities.
We'll provide veterans with equal treatment by ensuring women veterans receive care without harassment, LGBTQ+ veterans are honored for their service, and veterans impacted by PTSD or service-related injuries are not unjustly denied benefits for the effects of their injuries.
We'll invest in building a state-of-the-art VA health care system that finally addresses staffing shortages, attracts top medical talent, increases research into diseases that disproportionately impact veterans, and establishes the VA as a leader for mental health care.
We'll end the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, cancel the blank check for endless war, and reinvest the savings to ensure every American who put their life on the line for this country can thrive upon their return home.
This country must be willing to pay any price and bear any burden to provide the full care, support, and resources to every single veteran who served every single one of us. My new plan will ensure that we finally do.Take a look: 
I'm going to Homestead on Thursday. This administration's inhumane policies of separating families and putting kids in camps must end.
 Trip’s Diner was the place to be this morning! I was happy to welcome to the great and discuss wa…
Big thanks to Mayor Ana Cruz, and Seely for welcoming us to Tampa this morning. Enjoyed getting brunch at Trip’s Diner and learning more about the community. 
Americans from across the country came together in Homestead a year ago to raise their voices against this administration’s inhumane child separation policy. We’ll keep this fight going until every family is reunited, the injustices are ended ; our immigration laws are rewritten.
"A mid-afternoon lull in the proceedings abruptly ended when hordes of screaming Beto O’Rourke supporters descended the convention center’s escalators, more closely resembling a gang of rowdy sports fans than a group of political supporters."
This is a campaign for America, for everyone in America. 
It's only when we tell everyone’s story that this country is going to live to its full potential. It’s only by bringing everyone in that we defeat Donald Trump and bring this country together to achieve our true success. 
  “It’s still shocking, and bears repeating: The disparity in infant mortality today in America between white Ameri…
This grassroots campaign is about bringing people in, bringing this country together, and making sure that our democracy finally works for everyone. 
 Recounting several anecdotes from his travels throughout South Carolina - ; becoming the 1st candidate today to address t…
 Energy had been dropping at the SC Democratic convention as they went through a bunch of lower-tier 2020 candidates. Then…
Very grateful for those who have been marching with us in South Carolina over the last three months, those who marched today, and those who will continue to march in the days and weeks ahead. Honored to be doing this with you. 
 Some of the loudest chants I’ve heard today for “Let’s go Beto, B-E-T-O.” 
 2020 Presidential candidate Beto O’rourke is live w/ me on  from the SC Dem Convention, tune in to MSNBC 
  take on at the  “You came in differently — down the aisle, you didn’t tak…
 “We must do everything we can to ensure that we live up to the full character and potential and promise o…
  speaks from the aisle at  while his supporters take the stage. 
 is energizing the crowd!!! He didn't take the stage, he stayed on the floor and spoke with the crowd around hi…
  is switching things up, speaking inside a mob of supporters 
 So brought a bunch of people with campaign signs into the SCDP Convention room and decided to speak from the fl…
 Beto O’Rourke greets cheering supporters before speaking at the South Carolina Democratic Convention. 
 Forgoing the stage ; podium, working in the round, surrounded by the crowd at convention. 
 just turned the convention into a coffee shop meet ; greet, making a chair his stage surrounded by a…
 Beto O’Rourke recreates vibe of his town halls and ditches podium at SC Dem convention. If you’re a delegate who’s been in th…
 got everyone on their feet at the convention!  His remarks were strong and he stands with conviction…
South Carolina! Marching to the state convention. 
Honored to be with such incredible advocates, activists, ; champions today. Thank you for leading this fight at a time of unprecedented attacks on women and their health care. We will protect Roe v. Wade and defend a woman’s right to make her own decisions about her body. 
 on Texas: More than a quarter of our clinics have closed. We have a maternal mortality rate that is 3 times wor…
 “It’s a perverse irony that those who provide health care for others in our country often can’t afford health care for them…
 “In 2021 … we’re going to live according to our values, and our interests, to our foundational principle that we a…
 “ is a settled law of the land, as far as I’m concerned,” said just minutes ago at the 
Women's rights and access to abortion are under attack and we must mobilize every branch of government to do everything we can to protect reproductive freedom. We just shared our plan to do exactly that while at  forum. 
 2020 DEMS TALK ABOION: Democratic candidates face tough questions on reproductive rights at  president…
Huge honor to join members of Grateful for the discussion on rewriting our immigration laws, fighting climate change, and ensuring we stop Trump from changing the census in a dangerous effort to draw people out of their democracy. 
 Up first is who is recapping what he’s learned during his recent trips through South Carolina. “Thank you f…
 Clyburn praising effusively for ‘helping establish the tone.’ And , In a Clyburn t-shirt, talkin…
 Watch live: World Famous Fish Fry, featuring 21 presidential candidates
 New 2020 interview! Democratic presidential candidate talks to about why he thinks he can win,…
Instead of making those in our communities afraid of going to work and school, continuing to contribute to our communities and to their full potential, we should not only reverse course on these raids but we should rewrite our immigration laws so they fully reflect our values.
Immigrants commit crimes at a lower rate than native-born Americans. Immigrants make our communities safer. When you militarize and terrorize and raid our communities, you make us less safe. People are less likely to report a crime, serve as a witness, and testify in a trial.
Excited to be back in South Carolina! Hope you'll join us tomorrow in Columbia at 3:30. We're meeting up at Pearlz Oyster Bar (946 Gervais St). Everyone is welcome. 
Beto will be on the debate stage June 26th and the team is hard at work in El Paso preparing for this moment. We’re asking folks to donate today to help make sure we have the resources to keep spreading our positive message. Will you make a contribution to our campaign?
Beto will be on the debate stage June 26th and the team is hard at work in El Paso preparing for this moment. We’re asking folks to donate today to help make sure we have the resources to keep spreading our positive message. Will you make a contribution to our campaign?
The first Democratic primary debate is June 26th, and Beto will be standing center stage. This could be a huge moment for our campaign — donate now to show you’re with us.
The first Democratic primary debate is June 26th, and Beto will be standing center stage. This could be a huge moment for our campaign — donate now to show you’re with us.
Beto will be on the debate stage June 26th and the team is hard at work in El Paso preparing for this moment. We’re asking folks to donate today to help make sure we have the resources to keep spreading our positive message. Will you make a contribution to our campaign?
Beto will be on the debate stage June 26th and the team is hard at work in El Paso preparing for this moment. We’re asking folks to donate today to help make sure we have the resources to keep spreading our positive message. Will you make a contribution to our campaign?
The first Democratic primary debate is June 26th, and Beto will be standing center stage. This could be a huge moment for our campaign — donate now to show you’re with us.
The first Democratic primary debate is June 26th, and Beto will be standing center stage. This could be a huge moment for our campaign — donate now to show you’re with us.
Beto will be on the debate stage June 26th and the team is hard at work in El Paso preparing for this moment. We’re asking folks to donate today to help make sure we have the resources to keep spreading our positive message. Will you make a contribution to our campaign?
Beto will be on the debate stage June 26th and the team is hard at work in El Paso preparing for this moment. We’re asking folks to donate today to help make sure we have the resources to keep spreading our positive message. Will you make a contribution to our campaign?
The first Democratic primary debate is June 26th, and Beto will be standing center stage. This could be a huge moment for our campaign — donate now to show you’re with us.
The first Democratic primary debate is June 26th, and Beto will be standing center stage. This could be a huge moment for our campaign — donate now to show you’re with us.
Beto will be on the debate stage June 26th and the team is hard at work in El Paso preparing for this moment. We’re asking folks to donate today to help make sure we have the resources to keep spreading our positive message. Will you make a contribution to our campaign?
Beto will be on the debate stage June 26th and the team is hard at work in El Paso preparing for this moment. We’re asking folks to donate today to help make sure we have the resources to keep spreading our positive message. Will you make a contribution to our campaign?
The first Democratic primary debate is June 26th, and Beto will be standing center stage. This could be a huge moment for our campaign — donate now to show you’re with us.
The first Democratic primary debate is June 26th, and Beto will be standing center stage. This could be a huge moment for our campaign — donate now to show you’re with us.
Beto will be on the debate stage June 26th and the team is hard at work in El Paso preparing for this moment. We’re asking folks to donate today to help make sure we have the resources to keep spreading our positive message. Will you make a contribution to our campaign?
Beto will be on the debate stage June 26th and the team is hard at work in El Paso preparing for this moment. We’re asking folks to donate today to help make sure we have the resources to keep spreading our positive message. Will you make a contribution to our campaign?
The first Democratic primary debate is June 26th, and Beto will be standing center stage. This could be a huge moment for our campaign — donate now to show you’re with us.
The first Democratic primary debate is June 26th, and Beto will be standing center stage. This could be a huge moment for our campaign — donate now to show you’re with us.
Beto will be on the debate stage June 26th and the team is hard at work in El Paso preparing for this moment. We’re asking folks to donate today to help make sure we have the resources to keep spreading our positive message. Will you make a contribution to our campaign?
Beto will be on the debate stage June 26th and the team is hard at work in El Paso preparing for this moment. We’re asking folks to donate today to help make sure we have the resources to keep spreading our positive message. Will you make a contribution to our campaign?
The first Democratic primary debate is June 26th, and Beto will be standing center stage. This could be a huge moment for our campaign — donate now to show you’re with us.
The first Democratic primary debate is June 26th, and Beto will be standing center stage. This could be a huge moment for our campaign — donate now to show you’re with us.
 "Me voy a asegurar de que los 9 millones de residentes legales en EEUU se hagan ciudadanos lo antes posible", dijo el ex…
 "No podemos tomar medidas a medias, no podemos resolver con medias tintas", dijo refiriéndose a la emergenc…
 “We are a city of  asylum seekers and refugees, we have nothing to apologize for or be defensive about. When…
 Packed house for Presidential Forum in Miami First up, speaking about the importanc…
 Opening remarks from our first candidate at  Presidential Candidate Forum with 
 El primer candidato que toma el escenario en el foro de es y saluda en español a la…
 EN VIVO: Foro con candidatos demócratas a la presidencia presentado por NALEO y Noticias Telemundo 
 A well-regarded rising Democrat in the SC Senate endorsed O’Rourke in the party’s 2020 presidential primary race Thursd…
Children caring for toddlers in immigrant jails, inadequate food and water for hundreds of kids, and weeks without bathing or clean clothes. They will struggle with this trauma the rest of their lives. We’ll have it on our conscience for the rest of ours. 
Trump's gag rule is an attack on women, health care, ; -- which serves 40% of the 4 million patients under Title X. Regardless of income, everyone should have access to reproductive health care. Fight back by making a donation to Planned Parenthood. 
This administration is gunning for war in Iran. We can resolve our differences with that country firmly and peacefully, without invading yet another country and starting yet another war in the Middle East. 
Listening and learning not just in Iowa but all across this country, it's clear to me that farmers, ranchers, agricultural communities, and rural America need to be at the table and in the driver's seat as we write policies to fight climate change. 
 New: a South Carolina state senator from one of the few competitive districts, endorses in t…
Good news for Maine and for our democracy. Now we need to enact automatic and same-day voter registration across the country so every voice is heard and every vote is counted. Our voting rights plan would make that happen. 
We are going to fix our democracy and return power to people. 
On Juneteenth and every single day, we are committed to doing the work necessary to secure equity, justice, and civil rights for all. 
154 years after Juneteenth, the work is still unfinished. The march continues. The fight for justice, equity, and full civil rights goes on. 
In Los Angeles, we discussed how our immigration plan would create a pathway to citizenship for 11 million people and make naturalization easier for 9 million eligible immigrants. We will put an end to this administration’s cruel policies that create chaos in our communities. 
Grateful for the dedicated labor leaders who joined us this morning in Los Angeles for a discussion on immigration, health care, ensuring we fully support public school educators, and strengthening unions across the country who continue to fight for the rights of workers. 
We should be doing everything possible to strengthen the clean air rules for power plants so we can cut pollution, improve the quality of our air and water, and fight climate change before it’s too late. My administration will. 
On Juneteenth, we're celebrating a powerful moment in history. But it's a moment whose promise is not yet realized as we fail to address a legacy of slavery, segregation, and suppression that is alive in this country. The fight for true freedom, justice, and equity must go on. 
Donald Trump just launched his re-election campaign. It's going to take all of us working together to defeat him. Make a donation tonight and join us in building a grassroots campaign that will do just that. 
"O'Rourke started his intro on the topic of veterans. His support for teachers, reproductive rights, and the need to engage young voters all received applause. He also touched on climate change and the need to dismantle gerrymandering ; voter suppression." 
Mike in Aurora, CO sent in a question about my plan to increase aid to Northern Triangle countries. Our goal is to address the root causes of migration. He asked: “How do we make sure corruption within those governments [doesn't] siphon the aid we are providing?” 
I am committed to ensuring that we raise the minimum wage so that it is a living wage, achieve equal pay, ban discrimination in the workplace, and finally ratify the Equal Rights Amendment in this country. 
 Militarizing and raiding our communities makes us less, not more, safe.
"A busy day for Beto -- 4 stops between Spartanburg and Greenville, talking about equality and the environment among other platforms. He shared his thoughts on education, telling voters he'll make sure public schools are fully funded. O'Rourke is making S.C. a priority." 
"O’Rourke spoke on issues ranging from health care to prison overpopulation. He previously has called for the end of private, for-profit prisons; decriminalizing marijuana and universal healthcare."
Make no mistake: Trump is promising to repeal the ACA, taking health care away from millions. We stopped him before. Now we must do it again. Let's defeat him and ensure that every American has access to universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care.
We must never again take another child from another parent as they seek asylum, and we must reunite every family that has been separated so far by this administration's cruel and inhumane practices. Thanks to for continuing to speak up and keeping the pressure on. 
12 days, 4 states, 29 events. Thanks to everyone who joined us in:🚙Atlanta🚙Lacona🚙Ottumwa🚙Knoxville🚙Des Moines🚙Williamsburg🚙Cedar Rapids🚙Waterloo🚙Clinton🚙NYC🚙Gullah Geechee Nation🚙Charleston🚙North Charleston🚙Sumter🚙Columbia🚙Spartanburg🚙Greenville
I unveiled a proposal to create 200,000 new small businesses, unlock half a trillion dollars of economic opportunity for women and minority owned businesses, and expand access to capital while rooting out institutional racism, sexism, ; bias.Take a look: 
"O'Rourke called for a living wage for teachers, saying that better pay for them is crucial to the success of children and the success of the United States. O'Rourke also said better access to health care is a must for everyone." 
Good news for VA. Now we need independent redistricting commissions that finally end gerrymandering across the U.S. where elected officials pick their voters instead of the other way around, drawing people out of their democracy based on race ; ethnicity. 
4 years after the Mother Emanuel shooting tragically took 9 lives in Charleston, we were in SC to honor them with action. We are committed to continuing the work necessary to finally end hate crimes and gun violence in our places of worship, our communities, and our country. 
To permanently reshape the justice system, we must not just end the prohibition of marijuana and expunge the records of those arrested for possession but we must end cash bail, prisons for profit, mandatory minimums, ; the schoolhouse to jailhouse pipeline. As president, I will.
Too many fathers are unjustly away from their kids today because of a failed war on drugs waged disproportionately on communities of color, a cash bail system that punishes people for being poor, and a private prison industry funded by needlessly putting more people behind bars.
It has been seven years since President Obama implemented DACA. We must honor the incalculable contributions Dreamers are making to our communities and to our country by freeing them from any fear of deportation and making them U.S. citizens.
Today, I want Ulysses, Molly, and Henry to understand what their Mom and Dad are trying to do for them at this moment of truth for their country and their future. I hope that in their own ways, they carry the tradition forward.Happy Father's Day. 
Such a great way to end an amazing return to South Carolina. Big thanks to everyone who joined us in Greenville this afternoon and across the state over the past three days. Looking forward to being back again soon. 
Last Father’s Day, we were joined by thousands of our fellow Americans as we marched to the Tornillo tent camp where kids were being held in the desert by this administration. We kept returning and we kept the pressure on until we shut that camp down. 
 Beto O’Rourke kicks off his 4th public stop of the day in South Carolina, answering Qs so far on college tuition, SCOTUS ; r…
 Beto O’Rourke’s first handful of applause lines here in  :— Better wages for teachers — Improved Heal…
On Father's Day and every day, I am committed to ensuring we never again take a child away from their Dad or Mom as they seek asylum, that we reunite those already separated, and that we use the Family Case Management Program instead of locking up kids who pose no threat to us. 
Grateful for the opportunity to join Rev. Dr. Keith McDaniel Sr. and the congregation of Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church for a Father’s Day service this morning. 
If we bring every American into their country and this democracy, we will realize our true greatness. We will finally have a system of justice that is just, a world-class public school system led by public school teachers, economic justice, and health care that is a human right. 
Started a beautiful Sunday morning with a donut discussion in Spartanburg. Our thanks to Senator Reese for hosting us, for bringing everyone together, and for introducing us to the community as we continue to show up everywhere, for everyone, every single day. 
 "Until we tell the full American story, we will not fill the full American potential"- 
We're going to make sure that our kids and the generations that follow are proud of what we did at this defining moment of truth. I'm running for my kids, everybody's kids, everybody's families, everybody's future -- to make sure we truly live up to our promise and our potential. 
Looking forward to joining on in the morning. Hope you’ll be watching at 9:00 ET.
Really great to be back in Columbia tonight for a town hall to wrap up another inspiring day across South Carolina. Fortunate to be running this grassroots campaign with you. 
 The crowd in Columbia when Beto walked on stage.[SOUND ON] 🔉 
 Out with my mini me listening to presidential candidates on their platforms. Tonight we met hearing his plans on…
 Thanks for coming to town, 
At tonight’s Columbia town hall, we talked about fighting to ensure that we finally have equity and opportunity in every part of this country including in education, health care, our democracy, the economy, and the justice system. 
Our fourth event of the day brought us to Sumter for an energizing town hall. Grateful for everyone who joined the discussion, shared their ideas, and stepped up to help us build this grassroots campaign across South Carolina and throughout our country. 
At today’s Sumter town hall, we discussed our voting rights plan and how it will:✅Enact automatic ; same-day registration✅Ban PAC contributions✅End gerrymandering✅Expand the Voting Rights Act✅Make Election Day a holiday✅Register 50 million voters✅Increase turnout 
Appreciate the veterans who joined me for a discussion in Sumter as they continue serving by advocating for those who they served alongside. We're going to fully invest in veteran resources and care. That's a promise this country must keep, and under my administration, we will. 
We must spare no resource in serving every single veteran who served every single one of us. 
Muhlaysia BookerChynal LindseyAshanti CarmonJazzaline WareDana MartinZoe SpearsChanel ScurlockParis CameronMichelle WashingtonClaire LegatoAt least 10 transgender women of color have been murdered in 2019. We must confront this crisis head on.
 talking about ending workplace discrimination as one way to address the disparities in our economy. 
 Speaking at Black Alliance presidential forum, Beto mentions his new plan to expand access to credit for minorities and mino…
I'm committed to continuing this work and to leveraging the full force of the federal government to expand access to capital and root out institutional racism, sexism, and bias in the small business lending market. Read the full plan here:
In Congress, I voted for legislation to ensure minority ; women owned businesses had a seat at the table in the government when it came to cracking down on discrimination and to make it easier for small business owners ; entrepreneurs to access capital and navigate the tax code.
In 1999, I started a small business in El Paso that brought dozens of high-wage, high-skilled jobs to the border community. It helps me understand the day-to-day challenges small business owners face -- and those challenges are only amplified for women and communities of color.
Finally, my plan calls for shifting $100 billion in government contracts away from large corporations and to small businesses. Half of that opportunity will go to minority and women owned businesses. 
I will triple the federal government’s investment in the Minority Business Development Agency to ensure more entrepreneurs can access mentorship and resources to navigate the challenges of owning a business. 
We will root out racism and discrimination in the small business lending market so every business owner, no matter where they live or their background, can get that first loan to start their business or that capital investment to hire additional employees. 
The plan will spur the development of 200,000 new women and minority owned small businesses by the end of my second term. 
But these same entrepreneurs are locked out of the exact resources and capital they need to start their businesses, grow them, and create more jobs. My new plan will unlock half a trillion dollars in opportunity for women and minority owned businesses. 
Minority and women owned businesses have been the fastest growing businesses across the country for the past decade. These entrepreneurs helped pull our economy out of the Great Recession. They are staples of our communities, country, and economy. 
Our country has a wealth gap where the median white household is worth 10x that of the median black household. It's unjust, unacceptable ; holding every single one of our communities back from reaching its full potential. Small businesses are no exception. 
To ensure this country can live up to its full potential, we must confront the fact that we have an economy that works too well for too few and not at all for too many. At the  I announced a plan that does just that. Read it here:
While visiting the Gullah Geechee Nation, we discussed the need to confront the legacy and consequences of slavery, segregation, and the continuing suppression of our fellow Americans. It’s how we will begin to repair the damage done and prevent these injustices moving forward. 
Grateful for the powerful discussion in North Charleston this morning about fixing a justice system that is patently unjust. We are committed to continuing the urgent work necessary to secure equity, opportunity, justice, and full civil rights for everyone in this country. 
 In the Park Circle neighborhood of North Charleston, South Carolina, is attending a round table discussion…
  stands with fast-food workers demanding $15/hr, union rights in Charleston, SC.   h…
We will  and we will win. 
 The success of this country depends on environmental justice, economic justice and criminal justice reform –
Today and every single day, I’m standing strong with workers in SC and across the country to  to fight for a minimum wage that is a living wage, to fight for the right to organize at a time when unions are under attack, and to fight for an economy that works for all. 
"At a roundtable with the Gullah Geechee Nation, Beto spoke about how he would tackle issues that are specifically affecting the native SC culture. He mentioned investing in renewable energy, protecting SC's coast from offshore drilling and lowering the cost of tuition to HBCUs." 
After meeting so many incredible organizers working on the ground across the state, I know that it’s time to  Grateful for everyone who is making it happen day after day, door after door. 
 Rev. Kenneth Hodges gives Beto O’Rourke a tour of Tabernacle Baptist Church’s grounds in Beaufort, including the bust and…
 In his opening statement, O'Rourke is talking about learning more from the "powerful, profound and inspiring" Geechee peopl…
While visiting the Gullah Geechee Nation and hearing about their proud tradition of fierce independence, I saw where the Harriet Tubman Monument will be and learned about Robert Smalls, who took possession of a confederate ship to bring more people freedom and to ensure justice. 
Grateful for the opportunity to meet with, listen to, and learn from citizens of the Gullah Geechee Nation during tonight’s town hall. Thank you for welcoming us and instructing us in the history and traditions that inspire not just this country but people beyond our shores. 
 Here in Beaufort, South Carolina, is touting the historic Tabernacle Baptist Church and holding a round ta…
 Beto O'Rourke is hosting a roundtable with citizens of Gullah Geechee Nation in Beaufort, South Carolina.He shared his plan…
 Fielding questions from Gullah/Geechee leaders - many of whom live among barrier islands often on the front line during h…
 Happy to have Beto O’Rourke on today’s show, as we continue interviewing 2020 Democratic presidential candidates. 5:15 ET
 “I will work with anyone, anytime, anywhere to further the interests of this country.” An Opening Argument from Democratic…
Great to be back in South Carolina! Hope you'll join us in:🚙Sumter tomorrow at 4:00 (154 S Main St)🚙Columbia tomorrow at 6:00 (1402 Jim Hamilton Blvd)🚙Greenville on Sunday at 1:30 (29 Ridgeway Dr)Everyone is welcome!
Excited to have Chrystian joining our team and leading the effort to bring more people into their democracy as we ensure every voice is heard. 
Really looking forward to the first democratic debate on Wednesday the 26th. The challenges we face are the greatest in living memory but we have a big, bold, ambitious, forward-looking vision to share that will bring this country together to overcome every single one of them.
Climate change is the greatest threat we face. And we won't solve it with half measures or only half the country. It will take all of us. That’s why I announced an historic, ambitious plan to meet this challenge and invest in our communities. 
Thank you, Your leadership, advocacy, and courage in telling your story will ensure this country gets veterans the care they need, and finally talks about the impact these endless wars are having on yet another generation of Americans. 
We need universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care so every person in this country can see a doctor, afford their prescriptions, and get the care they need to live to their full potential. 
Transgender women of color have been targeted, attacked, and murdered across this country. If we don't urgently confront this reality, then we can't correct it. We have a plan to directly address this crisis:  
I unveiled a plan yesterday to protect LGBTQ+ rights and finally secure comprehensive legal protection for members of the LGBTQ+ community. 
 The  plan from includes reinstating Dept of Ed guidance and enforcements to protect LGBTQ+ students. As ed…
No matter where you live, every woman should have access to health care including abortion. At a time of unprecedented attacks on women across the country, we must protect Roe v. Wade and defend a woman’s right to make her own decisions about her body. 
Really loved having Amy on the road with us over the weekend as we met with communities across Iowa. Can't wait to have her join again soon. 
 What makes Beto run? This morning it's Pride and fighting prejudice 
We're running a true grassroots campaign focused on people and the big, bold, ambitious things we want to achieve together. 
We cannot allow religious freedom to be used as a guise for discrimination. We must stand against this in Puerto Rico and we must reverse the Trump administration’s continued efforts to exacerbate LGBTQ discrimination everywhere.Here's our plan: 
You don't get kids in cages and "human dog pounds" at the border until you have described asylum-seekers as animals or an infestation, dehumanizing them in the eyes of their fellow human beings. 
 While campaigning at this morning's  run in  calls the names of two trans women of color who…
The president's actions must have consequences as he continues to threaten the very core of our democracy. The time for impeachment is now. 
 Coming up at 7AM ET: 
The Late Show with Stephen Colbert starts any minute. Hope you’ll tune in. 
 TONIGHT: Democratic presidential candidate has some thoughts about impeachment.  
When the President of the United States openly welcomes foreign help to win an election, he threatens the very core of our democracy. If we are to secure justice and ensure this never happens again, we must impeach him.
“O’Rourke commemorated Pride Month by putting out a comprehensive LGBTQ rights plan. His proposal offers one of the most detailed looks so far at how a Democratic president could act in this area. O’Rourke goes further than typical Democratic proposals” 
Joining tonight on Hope you’ll be watching at 11:35 ET/10:35 CT. 
 VIDEO: tells me he spoke to Jeynce Poindexter of in drafting his LGBTQ Plan. Also says the murders…
We must ensure all Americans are treated equally no matter who they are or who they love. That’s why we just unveiled a plan to protect LGBTQ+ rights and finally secure comprehensive legal protection for members of the LGBTQ+ community. 
After visiting Stonewall this afternoon, we know there is so much progress to celebrate but so much more to fight for. The work continues but equality will win. Thanks to co-founder James Krellenstein and LGBTQ+ rights champion Jarrod Freeman for joining us. 
The census directly determines our representation and political power. Trump is once again using intimidation and fear to draw people out of their democracy. As president, I’ll protect the accuracy of our census and make sure every voice is heard.
"Beto O'Rourke released a new LGBTQ+ Equality plan Wednesday. He says he would appoint judges and executive branch officials, including openly LGBTQ+ appointees, who have a demonstrated record of supporting the full civil rights of every single person."
 “We must ensure all Americans are treated equally,” said in a statement, “no matter who they are or who they…
Appreciate everyone who joined us this morning at the LGBT Community Center for a town hall on how we can work to achieve full equality. Our new plan was written after having conversations like these across the country and I’m grateful you’d share your ideas and perspectives. 
At a time of unprecedented attacks on women and their health care, we must protect Roe v. Wade and defend a woman’s right to make her own decisions about her body. Grateful to see the people of Illinois leading the way today. 
We gathered together this morning at the LGBTQ Memorial to remember the lives lost three years ago at Pulse and to commit to the fight for full equality. We will continue to be there for one another and ensure everyone is treated with dignity and respect. 
Brandon, thank you for your courage and your strength. It is leaders like you who inspired this plan and to whom I will always be accountable. 
"Beto O'Rourke is out running today and he's also rolling out a new policy as it relates to LGBTQ rights, an issue he talks about a great deal on the campaign trail."Take a look at MSNBC's coverage of our new plan: 
“After more than two years of reversals on LGBT rights under Trump, O’Rourke proposed a way forward that advances LGBT rights in three categories: Executive authority, calls for legislative action and strengthening LGBT rights globally.”
Separating kids at the border inflicts irreversible trauma, and we must fight it. I stand with in stopping child separation, reuniting families, and supporting immigrant families with more legal representation.  
 Spending the morning with chatting about lgbtq issues 
 Beto O’Rourke pledged to reverse President Trump’s restrictions on transgender people serving in the military and push for pa…
Thank you to everyone who joined us on a run to the LGBT Memorial this morning as we celebrate Pride Month and commit to the work ahead so we can ensure there is full civil rights and full equality in this country. 
 New: releases LGBT rights plan 
I unveiled a robust plan this morning to protect LGBTQ+ rights and finally secure comprehensive legal protection for members of the LGBTQ+ community. 
  speaking to supporters before their 2 mile run. This morning he unveiled his plan to achieve equality for LGBT…
Pulse also reminds us that we are not doing enough to protect the lives in our lives. We must take action now to stop gun violence in our communities. Here are some ways we can do that: 
Three years after Pulse, we honor the 49 lives that were senselessly taken with our actions. With a commitment to ending violence against LGBTQ+ Americans. With a commitment to fighting discrimination. And with a commitment to securing full equality. 
I just released a new plan that would ensure LGBTQ+ Americans can live openly without fear of discrimination or violence and would immediately reverse the Trump Administration’s discriminatory policies. Read it here:
We’re showing up everywhere, talking to everyone, and building a grassroots, people-powered campaign from the ground up. Iowa, thanks for having us back, and I’m looking forward to seeing you again soon. 
We just learned that we are leading ALL other Democratic contenders in Texas, a state with more delegates than almost any other in the Union. We want to seize this moment and show the rest of the country that we can win everywhere. Can you donate $5 to keep the momentum going?
We just learned that we are leading ALL other Democratic contenders in Texas, a state with more delegates than almost any other in the Union. We want to seize this moment and show the rest of the country that we can win everywhere. Can you donate $5 to keep the momentum going?
We just learned that we are leading ALL other Democratic contenders in Texas, a state with more delegates than almost any other in the Union. We want to seize this moment and show the rest of the country that we can win everywhere. Can you donate $5 to keep the momentum going?
We just learned that we are leading ALL other Democratic contenders in Texas, a state with more delegates than almost any other in the Union. We want to seize this moment and show the rest of the country that we can win everywhere. Can you donate $5 to keep the momentum going?
We just learned that we are leading ALL other Democratic contenders in Texas, a state with more delegates than almost any other in the Union. We want to seize this moment and show the rest of the country that we can win everywhere. Can you donate $5 to keep the momentum going?
We just learned that we are leading ALL other Democratic contenders in Texas, a state with more delegates than almost any other in the Union. We want to seize this moment and show the rest of the country that we can win everywhere. Can you donate $5 to keep the momentum going?
We just learned that we are leading ALL other Democratic contenders in Texas, a state with more delegates than almost any other in the Union. We want to seize this moment and show the rest of the country that we can win everywhere. Can you donate $5 to keep the momentum going?
We just learned that we are leading ALL other Democratic contenders in Texas, a state with more delegates than almost any other in the Union. We want to seize this moment and show the rest of the country that we can win everywhere. Can you donate $5 to keep the momentum going?
As critically important as 2020 is, what we do in the 2019 elections will set the stage. Encouraging everyone in Virginia to vote in today’s primary, and grateful for the candidates who stepped up to run. 
"Beto O'Rourke says tariffs are hurting farmers who are already struggling with flooding. The former Texas Congressman held a town hall in Clinton and said farmers are paying the price of the ongoing trade dispute. O'Rourke also talked about climate change." 
Last week, I released a voting rights plan to register 50 million new voters by 2024. That work must start immediately. That’s why we just released a voter registration toolkit to give every person the resources to register new voters in their communities. 
Count me in, I held monthly town halls each year I was in Congress ; weekly town halls while serving on the City Council. Just had our 83rd event in Iowa and we've held 150+ town halls across the country over the last three months. Looking forward to the next! 
"O'Rourke says tariffs are hurting farmers that are already struggling with flooding. He says farmers are paying the price of ongoing trade disputes. He called it crippling to those who have lost crops to flooding or who haven't been able to plant at all." 
Every vote must count and every voice must be heard. That's why we announced a set of bold proposals to bring tens of millions more of our fellow Americans into their democracy. See the plan here:  
"Roughly 100 potential constituents packed a Gateway Area Community Center classroom to hear O'Rourke speak. He highlighted his intent to tackle gun violence. The former Texas congressman is also placing emphasis on voters' rights in America."
I was able to write, introduce, pass, and have signed into law a bill that expands access to mental health care for veterans. It was possible because I showed up to listen and learn at town hall meetings. That’s why we’re going everywhere and bringing everyone into this campaign. 
Really enjoyed spending the morning with everyone in Clinton! 
I don’t listen to the NRA or the gun lobby. I listen to people, and they’ve made it clear we need universal background checks without exception, to stop selling weapons of war into our communities, to implement red flag laws, and to fully fund research on ending gun violence. 
Peggy told us that this was the first town hall she had ever been to. Very grateful that she joined us this morning in Clinton. 
Ban all PAC contributions to campaigns and finally return power to people in our democracy. 
In order to meet the challenges before us and to follow the leadership, inspiration, and guidance that I've received in Iowa and across this country, we must fix this badly broken democracy. That's why at the heart of this campaign is a bold set of reforms to repair it. 
An energizing day at the Iowa Democratic Party Hall of Fame. So many incredible candidates, local leaders, organizers, ; volunteers all coming together and fighting alongside one another to ensure we defeat Trump and overcome the greatest set of challenges this country has faced. 
 "Let’s bring tens of millions of our fellow Americans in through same day and au…
  is the *last candidate to speak today*🚨🚨🚨"We're all focused on the same goal: beating Donald Trump."…
Thanks for everything you do, 
 Had an awesome time during the DSM pride parade with a ton of great supporters and passionate people. Also shoutout to my…
 Getting ready to represent in the Iowa Pride parade!    
 Couldn’t have asked for a better way to kick off the morning!! Pre-Pride Brunch for Beto    
Let’s permanently free Dreamers from any fear of deportation by making them U.S. citizens. It'll not only be good for them but it'll be great for all of us.  
Deeply grateful for the opportunity to join Pastor Whitfield and the congregation of Mt. Carmel Baptist Church this morning. A beautiful service and a reminder of the power and joy that we can bring forth when we come together to meet the challenges we face. 
Every woman in this country should be able to make her own decisions about her own body. That's what I believe. That's part of why I’m running. And I think that's a core value not just of the Democratic Party but of the United States. 
 Hi from Cedar Rapids. Elsewhere? We’re canvassing and clipboarding, listening to Iowans and talking about Beto.📋 31 or…
Amy and I started the morning at Morg’s Diner for breakfast with Rep. Ras Smith. Really great to hear about his leadership in the Waterloo community and his work in education to close the achievement gap while implementing dropout prevention services. 
The damage from Donald Trump's disastrous tariffs and his reckless trade wars has already been done. We need a president who’s going to make sure we fight for farmers and workers, invest in rural communities, and strengthen our ties with the rest of the world. 
 Beto O'Rourke: "I live in and I'm raising my kids on a beautiful part of the U.S.-Mexico border ... I think I can tell a v…
Joining LIVE from Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 9 ET. Hope you’ll be watching. 
Getting to meet some of the volunteers in Cedar Rapids who are knocking on doors, organizing their community, and bringing more people into this campaign and our democracy. 
Our Linn County organizing office is officially open! Very grateful for all of the volunteers who joined us in Cedar Rapids and committed to putting in the grassroots, on-the-ground work to make this campaign possible. 
Donald Trump does not just offend our ears or our sensibilities. He makes possible the acts of violence and hatred we’re seeing play out in this country today. 
We have a comprehensive plan to mobilize every branch of government to protect Roe v. Wade, end the unprecedented attacks on reproductive freedom, and fully defend a woman’s right to make her own decisions about her own body. Read it here: 
 With just weeks until the first Democratic primary debates, 2020 candidate joins live from I…
Excited that we’ve had Amy on the road with us for this trip across Iowa. She kicked off our immigration discussion earlier today by sharing her experience living in El Paso. 
Happy Pride, Des Moines! Really great to be celebrating with you today and fighting for LGBTQ+ equality with you every single day. 
  explicitly ties Trump’s rhetoric to acts of violence against Muslims, members of LGBTQ community 
Amy and I really enjoyed sitting down with Dreamers, immigration advocates, and leaders in the community to ensure we advance a new vision of immigration that fully reflects our country’s values and empowers every individual to contribute to the shared greatness of our country. 
 Molly Tullis, of Ankeny, grabs picture with and after the 5K Fun Run in Des Moines this morning.…
 Here at Grand View University in Des Moines, starts off a round table discussing his immigration plan 
 I told my son that we would spend an exciting day together. The African American Leadership Summit during the day and “I Will…
 Hangin‘ with my homie Beto.        🇺🇸 
 At an immigration round table with community leaders in Des Moines says as President he will spare no expense re…
My plan was written with the ideas, perspectives, and stories of those we met — in Storm Lake, in Muscatine, in Denison, in Des Moines, and in communities across Iowa — who have been impacted by a generation of inaction on immigration. Here’s the plan: 
 Approximately 100 people were at in Knoxville, IA for last night. Lots of new faces heard hi…
 A few photos from at the Capital City Pride Festival 5K this morning here ;  
No better way to start a beautiful morning than running in the Capital City Pride 5K with Amy. Thanks to for setting the pace and to everyone who joined along the river as we celebrated Pride and committed to continuing the fight for LGBTQ+ equality. 
  chatting with folks before this 5k fun run at  Fest  
 . and his wife Amy at the start of a 5K for Capital City Pride 
We need to sign into law the Equality Act to ensure full civil rights for LGBTQ+ Americans across the country. We must also support organizations like who are on the frontlines, fighting for equality. Today as we celebrate, consider donating: 
This past year, the legislature passed a bill that would prevent public insurance, including Medicaid, from covering the cost of gender reassignment surgery. This is an effort to endanger and devalue the lives of transgender Iowans and we cannot accept it.
In a few minutes Amy ; I are going to run the Capital City Pride 5K here in Des Moines as we celebrate Iowa’s 10th anniversary of marriage equality. We’re inspired by these victories for the LGBTQ+ community and our country, but we know there’s still a lot of work to do.
From hiring slowdowns to billions of dollars in losses, this president's disastrous approach to trade has already hurt farmers and the markets so many of them worked a lifetime to establish.
The damage of Trump's reckless trade policies and tariffs has already been done. What we see is yet another example of him trying to be both the arsonist who created this problem in the first place and the firefighter who wants credit for addressing it. 
I heard about the urgent need to expand voting rights during each of our four previous trips across Iowa. So we put together a plan to do exactly that while also fixing our democracy and bringing more people into it. Today, I had the chance to share our plan in Knoxville. 
 Several GEAR UP students (members of the Human Rights Youth Chap) were able to meet with presidential candidate, Beto O'…
 pretty good Friday afternoon crowd in Knoxville IA for Beto O’Rourke 
Really inspired by Carmen, a 16-year-old Dreamer attending Ottumwa High School. She told me she wants to join the military and eventually serve her community as a paramedic. She asked what I’ll do to fight for Dreamers and their families.My response: 
The disastrous tariffs Trump has levied have an impact. So do these trade wars he’s carelessly entered us into. Farmers, manufacturers, entire communities of Americans across this country are being hurt and are paying the price. 
As we  today, the work to end gun violence continues. The work to keep our kids ; communities safe goes on. But remembering those who have succumbed to our inaction, we’ll deliver on solutions to ensure we finally and fully address gun violence. 
 And in other news, he announces endorsements from  and 
Back in Iowa and so excited for you to meet Amy! 
Grateful for the opportunity to spend time with Matt Russell at Coyote Run Farm. An important discussion about the dangerous impacts of Trump’s tariffs, climate change, investing in rural communities and making sure farmers can make a profit while they feed and clothe the world. 
 Beto O’Rourke plans town halls, stops across South Carolina 
Continually inspired by the moms demanding action, the young people walking out of their classrooms and marching for their lives, and all of the fierce advocates across our country who are leading the fight to end gun violence.  
Excited to be on the way back to Iowa! Hope you’ll join us today at:🚙 1:30 in Ottumwa (Hotel Ottumwa, Mahaska Room)🚙4:15 in Knoxville (Peace Tree Brewing Co ; Taproom)Everyone is welcome.
I will fight for universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care. And at a time when we have a maternal mortality crisis that is 3x as deadly for women of color, that means primary health care, mental health care, and that every woman can make her own decisions about her body. 
A civil rights hero, Ms. Massey forced the integration of Texas Western University --  now the Univ. of Texas at El Paso  -- and was the first black clerical worker at Ft. Bliss. Forever inspired by her courage, leadership, ; determination to achieve equality ; justice for all. 
We created a bold plan to expand voting rights because we believe every person should be able to participate in their democracy, every voice should be heard, and every vote should be counted. Here's what's at stake: 
As president, I will work to enact legislation that empowers independent commissions for redistricting. It's how we'll finally end gerrymandering and ensure no one is drawn out of their democracy. That's why I'm proud to sign the pledge as we fight for  
Really enjoyed the opportunity to explore Krog Street Market this afternoon with Thanks to everyone who joined us. 
Big thanks to Chairwoman Nikema Williams for bringing together a group of advocates who are fighting to expand voting rights. Our plan was in large part inspired by them, their leadership on the ground, those who continue the march for civil rights, justice, and equality for all. 
A conversation in Atlanta focused on justice and how we confront the legacy of slavery, segregation, suppression — how people have been kept down based on their race and ethnicity. It’s the only way that we’ll repair the damage done and keep from repeating these injustices again. 
"In Atlanta, Beto O'Rourke held a town hall where he talked about voter suppression. O'Rourke also talked about economic inequality and why voting in every election from school board to president is important." 
Students in New Hampshire told us about state legislatures across the country blocking voting rights and suppressing the vote -- successfully keeping people out of their democracy. So with their help, we wrote a plan to fix this. 
The sacrifice of the Allied heroes who went to battle in Normandy not only saved the soul of humanity but continues to be a lasting example of what's possible when we lead and work together for our shared values, principles, and goals. Forever grateful. 
As president, I will make sure every single American is empowered to vote—and that those who have historically been drawn out of our democracy are able to make their voices heard so this country can live up to its full promise and potential.See the plan:  
In Atlanta, we discussed our new voting rights plan and how it will:🔵Enact automatic ; same-day registration🔵Make Election Day a federal holiday🔵Abolish racist voter ID laws🔵End gerrymandering🔵Register 50 million voters🔵Increase turnout to 65%
Our thanks to for bringing members of the Atlanta community together for a powerful conversation about voting rights. A great opportunity to hear more ideas, gain more perspectives, and bring more people into our plan to fix this democracy. 
 “This is about the dumbest idea, economically, that this president has come up with,” says of Pres. Trump’s plan…
 HAPPENING NOW: sits down to speak about his new voting rights plan in a live interview 
Joining right now to discuss our new voting rights plan. Tune in live: 
  holds a live Q;A in an Atlanta restaurant, hosted by exclusively on NowThis 
 He says further young people are leading on major issues today. Referencing the students leading walkouts and marching for o…
  participating in a town hall in Atlanta, GA said he supports a citizen led redistricting comm…
 just endorsed adopting paper ballots and talked about ending the gerrymandering. Tune in for the conversation h…
 opens up about voter protection issues and voters turned away during early voting and on Election Day due to re…
Tune in at 7:30 ET for a town hall on voting rights and fixing our democracy. It’ll be live from Atlanta on 
 It’s vitally important that we expand voting access and reform campaign finance, the courts, and elections in this country.…
 Big announcement from making democracy improvements central to his platform. Strong stuff. All candidates shoul…
In order to bring more people into our democracy, we must grow confidence in our democracy. In order to grow confidence in our democracy, we must protect our democracy. No more gerrymandering, no more allowing PAC donations, no more members of Congress ever becoming lobbyists.
"O’Rourke’s plan is designed to increase ballot access, turnout, and accountability from elected officials. O’Rourke calls for automatic and same-day voter registration, expanding early voting to two weeks, and making Election Day a national holiday." 
 Thank you for realizing we need action to EXPAND voting rights, not restrict them. 
By 2024, we’ll:➡Register at least 50 million additional voters➡Mobilize 35 million new voters to cast ballots➡Witness an historic turnout of 65%Here’s how:
  brand new voter empowerment/anti-corruption agenda is incredibly bold. He now becomes a leader among the…
  has put out one  of the most comprehensive voting/structural reform packages we've seen so far. Policies on…
Special interests have captured, corrupted, and corroded our democracy for far too long. At the same time, black communities have been drawn out and kept out of our elections -- on purpose and by design. This must end. Here's our plan to make it happen:
 New — is out with a voting rights/election reform plan: 
 “If we are to reclaim our democracy, we must draw people back into the political process.” Ahead of Georgia campaign stops, Be…
 Beto O'Rourke released a voting and democracy reform plan with the goal of registering more than 50 million voters and ensuring…
 On May 13th, we met with  to hear his plan for America. Today he proposed a comprehensive plan to make sur…
No matter your income or where you live, every woman should have access to health care including abortion. 
“O’Rourke released a plan Wednesday that he says would dramatically increase voter participation, protect U.S. elections from interference and rebuild confidence in government. O’Rourke has made voting rights a focus of his campaign for president.” 
  pledges end to purges of voter rolls and voter ID laws, calls for term limits 
  out with a plan on voting and democracy, including an anti-gerrymandering plank calling for congressional legislat…
  rolls out a plan to expand voting rights• Automatic/same-day vote reg• Election Day = holiday• Pre-regist…
The passage of the DREAM and Promise Act through the House proves that elections matter. So inspired by the young people, the activists and advocates, the leaders across America who kept the pressure on to make this happen. Now let’s keep fighting. 
 Good plan and is right in acknowledging that in 2019 we are still facing very real impedime…
We need to fix our democracy if we want to overcome the greatest set of challenges we've ever faced. Everyone must be able to cast their vote, have their voice heard, and fully participate. This work starts by doing 3 things: 
This is about having every voice heard. To achieve that, we'll:✅Stop gerrymandering✅Ban PAC contributions✅Expand the Voting Rights Act✅Make Election Day a federal holiday✅Enact same day ; automatic registration✅Prevent members of congress from ever becoming lobbyists
I just released a plan to expand voting rights, fix our democracy, and return power to people. We're going to increase participation by registering more than 50 million voters and ensuring 35 million additional votes are cast in 2024.Read the plan here:
Transgender women of color have been targeted across this country. They have been attacked. They have been murdered. If we don't confront this reality then we can't correct it. Justice must be served for Chynal Lindsey and equality must be secured for all.
Meghan from Louisville asked me about Medicare for America and how we get to universal health care. My answer: 
Our first Town Hall for America question came from a transgender leader in Iowa who is fighting for equality, full civil rights, and to ensure everyone is treated with dignity and respect. Watch the question and answer here: 
We've held 150+ town halls where I've gotten to take your questions and hear your ideas. But during our CNN town hall, we announced Town Hall For America because I wanted to hear from you even if you couldn't make it out to an event. Now I want to share some answers with you:
I would never again separate another family when they come here at their most vulnerable and desperate moment. And I would make every effort, use every resource, spare no expense to reunite those families who have already been separated. 
Eid Mubarak to those celebrating Eid al-Fitr. Wishing you and your families a joyful celebration. 
From Pacific Junction in Iowa to Sand Springs in Oklahoma, we've been spending time on the ground in communities hardest hit by recent flooding. At each visit, we hear they need this aid now. Glad it passed the House. Now let's get it to those in need. 
I joined Meet the Press yesterday to share our innovative plan to end Trump's disastrous policies at the border and finally rewrite our immigration laws so they reflect our values, the reality on the ground, and the best interests of our communities. 
"Taz Al-Michael, an University of Oklahoma junior, said meeting with O’Rourke and discussing issues facing Oklahomans was exciting, especially because Democratic presidential candidates have tended to overlook Oklahoma."
Finally, I will establish a first-of-its-kind community-based visa category so communities can welcome LGBTQ refugees through community sponsorship of visas. You can find more details and see additional steps here: 
Fourth, I will ensure transparency and accountability in law enforcement, including ICE and CBP. I will create an independent Border Oversight Commission and mandate a uniform process for tracking and preventing deaths at the border.
Third, Johana was held at a private ICE facility where the incentive is profit and not security or the well-being of our fellow human beings. I will eliminate all funding for private, for-profit prison operators.
Second, I will issue an executive order to require detention only for those with criminal backgrounds representing a danger to our communities. We know that these asylum seekers and refugees are harmless kids and families who don’t need to be locked away.
As President, here are some immediate steps I will take:First, I will ensure lawful and humane conditions at our immigration facilities. That means access to medical treatment, mental health care, social workers, and translators. These deaths are preventable.
This administration failed Johana. It failed Roxsana. It is failing transgender women of color across America. We must ensure everyone is treated with dignity and respect — those in our care and those in our communities. These inhumane conditions must end. 
End the broken system of cash bail that punishes people for being poor. 
 So great to talk with this morning in OKC. We talked about flood response, investing in infrastructure, pub…
I want to make sure that no matter where you live, we come to listen to you, learn from you, incorporate your story into the campaign we’re running and the service I want to provide as President of the United States. We’re going to be there for everyone. 
Great being in Tulsa tonight for an important conversation about fighting dangerous efforts to roll back reproductive health care, working to ensure we achieve equal pay, and mobilizing to finally ratify the Equal Rights Amendment. 
 It was a wonderful opportunity to speak with Democratic Presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke this morning! Pictured:…
On the ground in Sand Springs to meet with those who are not only recovering from an historic flood but who are preparing their community for the next. Our thanks to the volunteers in Oklahoma who quickly came from across the country to step up and help. 
Very grateful to be welcomed by County Commissioner Councilman James Cooper, and State Senator Enjoyed visiting the community this morning. 
Sache, Taz, and Sarah are already leading the way in their communities and across the state. Enjoyed the opportunity to meet with them, hear their ideas, and learn about their work with the Young Democrats of OK, College Democrats of OK, and High School Democrats of OK. 
Starting the morning by meeting with local leaders in Oklahoma City before being on the ground with communities that have been severely impacted by historic flooding across the state. 
  begins his remarks to the  in Spanish. 
Looking forward to joining tomorrow morning for an interview on Hope you’ll tune in at 9:00 ET/8:00 CT.
Our immigration plan ensures that we finally advance a new vision of immigration that fully reflects our country’s values and empowers every individual to contribute to the shared greatness of our country. Read it here:  
   Treat every immigrant with the dignity and respect they deserve 
 “Here’s my big idea: what if we said we wanted to ensure every immigrant was treated with the dignity and respect they…
  from include ending  and  
 UP NEXT: What’s his big idea? Treating immigrants ; refugees humanely, cancel Trump’s immigration pol…
 2020 Presidential Candidate is now taking the stage at the MoveOn  Forum. Building an America where every…
Enjoyed getting to meet with some of our incredible California volunteers today. Appreciate everyone who has signed up to join our grassroots campaign across the country. 
Esta mañana estuve con SEIU para seguir luchando por los trabajadores, para las familias, y para que todos seamos tratados con dignidad y respeto. 
 California ❤️ for at   
We just saw the President try to make it harder for transgender Americans to get health care.As Pride begins — 50 years from Stonewall — we know there is so much progress to celebrate, but so much more to fight for. The work continues, the march goes on, but equality will win. 
These new tariffs (just like the ones before them) are really expensive for this country, our workers, our businesses, our economy, our way of life, and our relationships around the world. We must stop them before they stop us. 
 Former congressman grabbed the microphone and stepped away from the podium, speaking to the crowd in English a…
  and his wife Amy are running in the Des Moines Pride Fest 5k next weekend before the Hall of Fame dinner. Tha…
Un honor haberme reunido anoche con el Chicano Latino Caucus. Fué un placer conocer a tantos líderes tan increíbles. Estoy muy agradecido por esta oportunidad. 
So excited to run with Amy next Saturday in Des Moines as we celebrate Pride! 
 Beto now getting swamped by selfie-seekers in the hallway of the California State Democratic Convention 
 Look who we met today in San Francisco! 🌁🏳️‍🌈 Thanks for chatting with us about  priorities ahead of the 
Thinking of the Virginia Beach community, the families forever changed, the lives cut short by gun violence and the inaction in this country to prevent it. I want to work with you to meet this crisis with the urgency it demands and finally end this epidemic.
 Tune in tonight at 8 pm ET. for interview with on  
"O'Rourke was back in Texas and immigration was his focus. He heard from immigration attorneys, activists, and DACA recipients. His new plan includes a path to citizenship for 11 million people, ends work on the border wall, rescinds travel bans, and reunites separated families." 
Texas imported $107 billion in goods form Mexico last year.Our farmers, manufacturers, businesses sent $110 billion in goods to Mexico. If we don’t stop these new tariffs, the tax on Texas alone would be $27 billion. But no state would be spared.
"Beto O’Rourke’s broad immigration plan would have a direct positive effect on hundreds of people who call New Hampshire home." Here's how: 
We need the facts, the truth, full accountability, and real justice for what happened to our country in 2016. We need to do the right thing for our democracy and we need to do it now. Congress should begin impeachment proceedings. 
"O'Rourke would end the separation of immigrant families at the border, remove federal immigration courts from their current jurisdiction under the Justice Department and stop all funding for private, for-profit prison operators. He also addresses DACA." 
Instead of locking up kids ; families who are seeking asylum, we can connect them with case managers through the Family Case Management Program. It'll do a better job helping them follow our laws and it costs a tenth of the price.That's part of our plan:  
Just more manufactured chaos and confusion from this president. Don’t need more tariffs or more reckless policies. We need immigration laws that match our values and we need a president who understands the border.
Hope you’ll tune in now on as we talk about Trump and the need for overcoming a generation of inaction to pass immigration reform. 
"Presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke met with immigration attorneys, Dreamers, and other Dallas community members to highlight his new immigration reform plan." You can read the full plan here:  
 Democratic presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke repeated his call for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings against…
"O’Rourke told a room of immigrants, advocates and community leaders that immigration reform would be an early priority of his administration and that he was there to listen and add to an already wide-ranging plan to reform the nation's immigration laws." 
Gracias a todos los que nos acompañaron hoy en Dallas para presentarles nuestra visión migratoria y cómo juntos, lo lograremos. 
Grateful for the opportunity to hear the ideas, stories, and perspectives of those at our roundtable today. We’ve seen the incredible contributions of immigrants to Dallas and every community across this country. Now we have to rewrite our immigration laws to reflect that truth. 
 Beto O’Rourke just finished discussing his new immigration plan with advocates and activists in Dallas, saying: “There are so…
 Statement re: immigration plan 
Americans in every state and every community that we’ve been to have shared with us the urgency they see in overcoming a generation of inaction and finally rewriting our immigration laws in our own image. 
  says he is full of "gratitude and pride" after hearing the stories of those in the roundtable discussion and…
  tells roundtable in  on day 1 if he’s elected President that he would end President tr…
In Dallas for a discussion about our plan to advance a new vision of immigration that fully reflects our country’s values and empowers every individual to contribute to the shared greatness of our country. 
Let's focus on root problems in the Northern Triangle by convening our regional partners and more than doubling investment in Central America to fight violence and poverty. That's how we ensure no child or family has to make this trek in the first place. 
As President, I'll immediately push to finally rewrite our nation’s immigration and naturalization laws in our own image -- strengthening our families, communities, and economy. Read our full immigration plan here:  
 I’m in Alabama today to help expose the false moral narrative of political leaders who claim to be pro-life while denying…
 Like that is tapping into our collective identity as Americans and showing confidence that we can have an i…
We have a chance not only to reverse the course Trump has put us on but to advance a new vision of immigration that reflects the best interests of our communities and the longstanding traditions of a country comprised of families from the world over. 
Our administration will rigorously mobilize every branch of government to protect Roe v. Wade and defend the right of American women to make decisions about their own bodies. 
We will fight radical, unconstitutional attacks on women in Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia, Missouri — in every state and every part of this country. No governor — Republican or Democrat — should sign legislation that would take away a woman’s right to access an abortion.
For more than a year, I have said I would vote to begin impeachment proceedings against Donald Trump. Today's statement by Special Counsel Robert Mueller only added to the urgency. Congress must act. 
"O’Rourke leaned on his ties to El Paso, interspersing a nine-page policy paper with testimonials from immigrants. He drew a contrast between his ideas and what he called “cruel and cynical” immigration policies enacted by the Trump administration."
 "For more than a year, I have been saying it's time for Congress to act and begin impeachment proceedings. I think Robert Mue…
About to join Chris Matthews on Hope you’ll tune in to at 7 ET/6 CT.
 TUNE IN: plays  tonight. 
“Beto O’Rourke released a plan Wednesday for reforming and rebuilding the country’s immigration system that would reverse many of the actions taken by President Trump and send the message that the U.S. once again welcomes and celebrates immigrants.”
 "Democratic presidential candidate unveiled a sweeping immigration plan filled with experiences from his borde…
"I arrived in the U.S. when I was 13 with my mother after we lost our home during Hurricane Wilma. I've always pushed myself to be the best I can be, and when I graduate I want to use my degree to better this country and society." -David, who is a DACA recipient 
Evelyn is a survivor of human trafficking and now helps other survivors build new lives for themselves in the US. We must work with our global partners to fight violence and poverty while bolstering our shared security and prosperity. Our plan does that;  
Jose studied medicine in Venezuela but left because of the political climate. Since then, he's opened two clinics in El Paso and a restaurant. With Jose's story in mind, let's do more to empower everyone to contribute to the shared greatness of our communities, economy ; country. 
 New  plan puts welcome focus on   become US  Eliminates nat…
Carlos is an immigration attorney. This picture was taken the day he became a US citizen, which he told me was the best day of his life. It took him 18 years to become a citizen because of our outdated and broken system. We need to fix that. Our plan does.  
This is Daisy. She came to the U.S. when she was less than 2 years old and is now studying computer science at UT El Paso. She wants to support our military in cybersecurity but her future is uncertain because she's a Dreamer. Our immigration plan would change that immediately. 
Above all else, immigration is about people. Living in and representing El Paso has allowed me to see the incredible contributions that immigrants make to our communities every single day and I want to share a few of their stories with you: 
 Beto O'Rourke announces immigration plan ending family separation, offering solution for Dreamers 
 Beto O’Rourke has unveiled details proposals to remake the US immigration system and change how the federal government tr…
 Beto O'Rourke has unveiled a major immigration reform plan focused on tackling the Trump admin's most controversial decis…
 No wall, no family separation and no travel ban. The immigration plan is out, and it begins by undoing most…
As Mueller reiterates there were "multiple, systemic efforts to interfere in our election," Trump calls it a hoax. He invited these attacks, obstructed the investigation into them ; told Putin there will be no consequences for launching a concerted attack on our political system.
There must be consequences, accountability, and justice. The only way to ensure that is to begin impeachment proceedings.
By showing up to meet with, listen to, and learn from people everywhere -- in El Paso but also in Iowa, New Hampshire, Wisconsin, communities across this country -- we created an American immigration plan that overcomes years of inaction. Read it here:  
 Reading through this now, but what sticks out in this very strong plan is that it places immigration reform including a…
“Democratic presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke unveiled a sweeping immigration plan filled with experiences from his border hometown of El Paso.” 
We just announced a plan that would implement the most sweeping rewrite of U.S. immigration law in a generation and overcome years of inaction to finally advance a new vision of immigration that fully reflects our country’s values.Read it here:
Those in power have spent decades keeping people out of their democracy. Glad Whitley is gone. Grateful for the Texans who made it happen. Now let's pass a new Voting Rights Act to ensure everyone is able to cast their vote and have their voice heard.
Grateful for the opportunity to spend Memorial Day with neighbors at Fort Bliss National Cemetery where El Pasoans are joining together to honor, remember, and give thanks to those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. 
Remembering all of those who made the ultimate sacrifice protecting us, our nation, the values we stand for at home and abroad. We honor them. We hold their families in our thoughts. And we recommit to making the country they gave their lives for better each and every single day.
Let’s end these love affairs with dictators and strongmen. Now, it’s siding with Kim over someone who's dedicated his life to public service for this country. But it's also Putin and MbS. Duterte and el-Sisi. As Trump does this, he turns his back on us, our democracy, our allies.
When we connected families seeking asylum with case managers through the Family Case Management Program, 100% of them attended their court hearings. In other words, we did a better job helping them follow our laws and it cost us a tenth of what we pay to keep them locked up.
This president has caged children, separated families, failed to reunite them, and lost the lives of at least six kids in our care. All at the expense of our humanity and our values, not to the benefit of our safety. We must do better, and under my administration we will. 
 On the trade war says we should've never been in this place:“What we see right now is another example of Pr…
 SUNDAY: we interview 2020 Democratic Presidential Candidate other guests ➡️  ht…
Yet another dangerous and discriminatory attack on transgender Americans. We'll fight this hatred with everything we've got. We'll sign the Equality Act into law. And we'll ensure everyone is treated with dignity and respect. 
Instead of forcing farmers to bear the brunt of this president's disastrous trade war, let's listen to, partner with, and fully invest in rural hospitals, schools, infrastructure, broadband, and communities. 
 Thank you for highlighting the importance of Attorneys General + our legal fights to hold big Pharma accoun…
 "The only way we’ll get answers now is to move forward on impeachment:"WATCH: joins to disc…
We have a president who seeks to undermine our democracy at every turn and further divide an already polarized country. The answer to this is going everywhere, fighting for everyone, and bringing people together to run a campaign for America, everyone for America. 
We’ll be live with Nicolle Wallace at 4:15 ET/3:15 CT. Hope you’ll tune in! 
 DON'T MISS: w/ 
 I walked into the town hall undecided — I walked out ready to support  for  I was impress…
Donald Trump does not just offend our ears or our sensibilities. He makes possible the acts of violence and hatred that we're seeing play out in this country today. 
Celebrating  with Gus! 
We have a comprehensive plan to mobilize every branch of government to protect Roe v. Wade, end the nationwide assault on reproductive freedom, and fully defend the right of women to make their own decisions about their body.Read it here: 
Standing strong with workers across the country as we  during today’s day of action and every single day. At a time when unions are under attack, let's not forget that they are the backbone of our workforce and essential to making our economy work for all. 
Really looking forward to being back in Iowa! Excited that Amy will be with us as we travel the state. 
Congratulations to on the honor. We're proud. But those of us who know him aren't surprised -- his leadership, on the ground work to achieve progress across S.C., and transformational victories on affordable housing make him a national leader we can all count on. 
We need to promote democracy here at home, making sure that every single vote counts and everyone is able to vote. And then abroad, we must make sure we send the signal that the future of this world is a democratic one, not an autocratic one. Under my administration, we will. 
Let's rewrite our immigration laws in our own image. Let's reflect our values, our reality, the best interests ; traditions of this country that is comprised of immigrants, asylum-seekers, ; refugees. I know that we can do it. Today's news makes it all the more urgent that we do.
We must stop this. And in a democracy, it's on all of us to do so. We must never again separate another family when they come here at their most vulnerable and desperate moment. We must make every effort and spare no expense to reunite families who have already been separated.
Manufacturing a crisis through a series of lies -- refusing to follow our own asylum laws, not allowing asylum seekers to lawfully petition at our ports of entry, sending troops to the border, putting children in desert tent camps, and locking kids under a bridge in El Paso.
Separating children from their mothers and fathers then peddling lies about how many remain apart, the number of parents who have been deported without knowing where their kids are, and the sum of children who they've lost track of altogether.
Putting kids in cages and continuing to lie about how many remain there. Lying about their health and their care. Lying again and again about when or even if they'll be released.
This is only the most recent lie from a president and an administration who continue to inflict suffering, death, and irreversible trauma with the most inhumane and un-American immigration policies. At the expense of our humanity, not to the benefit of our safety.
I am calling for an immediate and complete investigation into not only her death under our care but into why we're just now learning about it. There must be accountability, there must be transparency, and there must be justice.
On Monday, I said a fifth young asylum seeker had died under our care. But we've just learned that they were actually the sixth. A 10-year-old girl died in U.S. custody back in September and her death was hidden from us for nearly eight months. A cover up.
Last night, we outlined 6 ways to reform the justice system:1⃣End a war on drugs that has become a war on people2⃣End the prohibition on marijuana3⃣Expunge the records of those locked away for possessing it4⃣Eliminate private prisons5⃣End mandatory minimums6⃣End cash bail 
As president, I will listen to, partner with, and invest in rural communities and those who grow the food and fiber that feeds and clothes us all. No community will be written off or taken for granted, and no American will be forgotten.
Farmers in Iowa and across America are bearing the brunt of this president's disastrous trade war. And these tariffs he's imposing are destroying the markets so many of them worked a lifetime to establish. We need to have an urgent response to this. Here's mine: 
 “I would never again separate another family.” Thank you for you clarity of vision on immigration. Your au…
There is a nationwide assault on reproductive freedom. Last night, I outlined a plan to mobilize every branch of government to fight back, protect Roe v. Wade, and defend the right of women to make their own decisions about their body.Read it here:
 Beto O'Rourke said Purdue Pharma and other drug company execs affiliated with the opioid crisis should face legal consequ…
 “You are bearing the brunt of this president’s disastrous trade war ; the tariffs he has imposed,” told IA…
I took the stage last night for a CNN town hall -- to listen, learn, and share what I've been hearing across the country. Watch the recap video,  to share it, and join us in running a grassroots campaign that shows up for everyone, everywhere, every single day. 
 O'Rourke: We can't just tolerate our differences. We must embrace them   
Thanks for being there tonight, Lydia. Appreciate your leadership, advocacy, and drive to keep our communities safe. We are going to meet this crisis with everything we’ve got, we are going to end gun violence, and we are going to make our kids proud. 
Tonight’s town hall in Des Moines was a huge moment for our grassroots campaign and I couldn’t be more proud of what everyone is doing across the country to make this happen. If you can, pitch in $5 to keep us going:  
 "This President, this administration, his policies — here, at home and abroad — have been an absolute disaster," says Democratic p…
 Beto O'Rouke suggested taking legal action against large drug companies as a part of tackling the opioid crisis in the US 
 Austin TX  Watch Party!!  
 Thanks for discussing your ambitious plan to  The next president must be ready to go on day one. 
The young people we've met across the country have proven they are not just the leaders of tomorrow but the leaders of today. From gun safety and the environment to justice reform, they're on the front lines of every issue we face. We're better off because of it.  
 Fixing our broken immigration system will be amongst one of the key issues for Latinos across the country. Thank you…
We're building the largest grassroots campaign across America and we do that by listening to and learning from as many people as possible. That's why we're launching Town Hall for America tonight. You can participate by submitting your questions here: 
The president does not just offend our ears or sensibilities. He makes possible the acts of violence and hatred we’re seeing play out in this country today.  
 Thousands of people at over 500 events around the country at the  rallies today is a great start. Thank you for bein…
Beto's bold climate plan mobilizes $5 trillion — spurred by the largest investment towards fighting climate change in history — and guarantees we achieve net-zero emissions by 2050 while getting halfway there by 2030.  
If we believe in justice for all, then we must reform our justice system so it is equitable for all.  
At a  Beto outlined how the greatest threat we face is climate change. We have one last chance to unleash the ingenuity and political will of hundreds of millions of Americans to meet this moment before it's too late. Here’s our plan:  
We’re going to make sure that every single American has access to universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care — without exception.  
Eliminate private prisons.  
Beto wants to achieve guaranteed, universal, high-quality health care for every person in this country so that everyone can see a doctor, afford their prescriptions, and get the care they need to live to their full potential. 
Beto adds that he will also confront the true legacy of slavery, of segregation and suppression, of how people have been criminalized and marginalized based on their race and ethnicity. 
Beto wants to reform our justice system by ending the federal prohibition on marijuana, expunging the records of those arrested solely for possession, eliminating private prisons, ending cash bail, ending the use of mandatory minimums, ; providing meaningful reentry. 
Beto shares that we will not solve the opioid crisis through the criminal justice system. Instead, we will rise to meet this challenge through a commitment to, and investment in, public health. We're finally going to hold the pharmaceutical corporations accountable. 
Let’s not only honor our asylum laws and never again take another child from another parent at their most desperate and vulnerable moment, but let's guarantee that all separated families are reunited. Then we will rewrite our immigration laws in our own image.  
At our  Beto just shared how he'd work each and every single day to end gun violence in our communities and this country. Watch here: 
For too long, women have been leading this fight, shouldering the burden of making sure their reproductive rights are protected. It’s time that all of us join them in this fight. 
Beto believes that we need universal background checks without exception. We need to stop selling weapons of war into our communities, implement red flag laws, and fully fund research on ending gun violence. 
We need a president who will do absolutely everything in their power to defend the right to choose. Add your name to support our comprehensive plan to guarantee safe and legal abortion access.
We need a president who will do absolutely everything in their power to defend the right to choose. Add your name to support our comprehensive plan to guarantee safe and legal abortion access.
We need a president who will do absolutely everything in their power to defend the right to choose. Add your name to support our comprehensive plan to guarantee safe and legal abortion access.
We need a president who will do absolutely everything in their power to defend the right to choose. Add your name to support our comprehensive plan to guarantee safe and legal abortion access.
Women's rights and access to abortion are under attack and we must mobilize every branch of government to do everything we can to protect women's reproductive freedom. More on the plan Beto introduced during the  here:  
We need a president who will do absolutely everything in their power to defend the right to choose. Add your name to support our comprehensive plan to guarantee safe and legal abortion access.
We need a president who will do absolutely everything in their power to defend the right to choose. Add your name to support our comprehensive plan to guarantee safe and legal abortion access.
We need a president who will do absolutely everything in their power to defend the right to choose. Add your name to support our comprehensive plan to guarantee safe and legal abortion access.
We need a president who will do absolutely everything in their power to defend the right to choose. Add your name to support our comprehensive plan to guarantee safe and legal abortion access.
 Beto O’Rourke says Trump’s “disastrous trade war” is “destroying markets” that took lifetimes to build for farmers.
We need a president who will do absolutely everything in their power to defend the right to choose. Add your name to support our comprehensive plan to guarantee safe and legal abortion access.
We need a president who will do absolutely everything in their power to defend the right to choose. Add your name to support our comprehensive plan to guarantee safe and legal abortion access.
Let’s support rural America by listening to and partnering with rural communities. Let’s end the trade wars, bring the tariffs down, and make sure farmers can make a profit while they grow the food and fiber that feeds and clothes not just this country but so much of the world.
 “We should begin impeachment proceedings against says in answering question  at tonigh…
Beto is campaigning to reassert our country’s role on the global stage. That means no longer spurning our true friends and allies, alienating our partners, and squandering a standing this country had earned over decades.
Beto has held 154 town halls across the country during the last two months. He's been showing up to meet with, listen to, and learn from everyone across America and to bring them into our grassroots campaign.Now, he's taking the stage in Des Moines for a CNN town hall. Tune in.
Only 30 minutes to go until our CNN town hall begins in Des Moines. Hope you'll be watching. 
 Former Rep. has held 154 town halls in smaller venues. Tonight, he holds his first one staged for national television…
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Sign up to join Beto for America today.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Sign up to join Beto for America today.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Sign up to join Beto for America today.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Sign up to join Beto for America today.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Sign up to join Beto for America today.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Sign up to join Beto for America today.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Sign up to join Beto for America today.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Sign up to join Beto for America today.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Sign up to join Beto for America today.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Sign up to join Beto for America today.
Trump's dangerous trade wars have been destructive for farmers across America. They're the ones who are paying the price. This is only the most recent example of an administration that has ignored rural communities for too long.
During a CNN Presidential Town Hall, Beto laid out his plan to mobilize every branch of government to protect Roe v. Wade and defend the right of women to make decisions about their own bodies. Add your name to support Beto’s plan and uphold the right to choose.
During a CNN Presidential Town Hall, Beto laid out his plan to mobilize every branch of government to protect Roe v. Wade and defend the right of women to make decisions about their own bodies. Add your name to support Beto’s plan and uphold the right to choose.
During a CNN Presidential Town Hall, Beto laid out his plan to mobilize every branch of government to protect Roe v. Wade and defend the right of women to make decisions about their own bodies. Add your name to support Beto’s plan and uphold the right to choose.
During a CNN Presidential Town Hall, Beto laid out his plan to mobilize every branch of government to protect Roe v. Wade and defend the right of women to make decisions about their own bodies. Add your name to support Beto’s plan and uphold the right to choose.
Excited to be at Drake University with Griff for tonight’s CNN town hall. Hope you’ll join us by tuning in at 9 CT/10 ET. 
During a CNN Presidential Town Hall, Beto laid out his plan to mobilize every branch of government to protect Roe v. Wade and defend the right of women to make decisions about their own bodies. Add your name to support Beto’s plan and uphold the right to choose.
During a CNN Presidential Town Hall, Beto laid out his plan to mobilize every branch of government to protect Roe v. Wade and defend the right of women to make decisions about their own bodies. Add your name to support Beto’s plan and uphold the right to choose.
During a CNN Presidential Town Hall, Beto laid out his plan to mobilize every branch of government to protect Roe v. Wade and defend the right of women to make decisions about their own bodies. Add your name to support Beto’s plan and uphold the right to choose.
During a CNN Presidential Town Hall, Beto laid out his plan to mobilize every branch of government to protect Roe v. Wade and defend the right of women to make decisions about their own bodies. Add your name to support Beto’s plan and uphold the right to choose.
During a CNN Presidential Town Hall, Beto laid out his plan to mobilize every branch of government to protect Roe v. Wade and defend the right of women to make decisions about their own bodies. Add your name to support Beto’s plan and uphold the right to choose.
Le agradezco a la comunidad de Tipton por la audiencia pública que tuvimos. Disfruté de aprender, de escucharlos y de comprometerme en trabajar juntos en todo lo que nos espera. 
 How will connect with Iowa voters? Find out when he joins for a  live from Des Moines, tonig…
In Tipton, one of the many heroic members of asked what we are going to do to end gun violence in our communities and this country.Here’s what I told her: 
 A question from the audience, a man named José, was asked in Spanish and replied to in Spanish on changes to immigration…
We must reassert our leadership on the world stage and ensure that this country does not start yet another war before every peaceful, diplomatic, nonviolent alternative is explored and pursued. 
Let’s not only honor our asylum laws and never again take another child from another parent at their most desperate and vulnerable moment, but let’s guarantee that all separated families are finally reunited. 
I stand with the thousands rallying across the country to make sure we urgently fight radical attacks on women and these unconstitutional efforts to stop them from making their own decisions about their body. We must protect Roe v. Wade and  
"In Davenport, O’Rourke shared a sense of urgency around a $15 minimum wage, paid family leave, passing the Equal Rights Amendment, reproductive autonomy for women, the legalization of marijuana, an end to the Trump tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans." 
As a member of Congress, I helped introduce the Social Security 2100 Act to protect the program for all working Americans, for our kids, and for future generations. As president, I'll sign it into law. 
 . held a town hall at River Music Experience tonight. Check out story in tomorrow's
 It was a pleasure to listen and speak to 2020 presidential candidate, It was great to hear his ideas and go…
Let us ensure that every person in this country can live to their full potential by securing: ✅Equal pay✅Paid family leave✅The Equal Rights Amendment✅A minimum wage that is a living wage✅Universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care 
Inspired by Emma who came to our town hall. Studying to become a teacher, she makes $20k/year but still sets aside monthly donations for Planned Parenthood, the Yellowhammer Fund ; our campaign. Appreciate her leadership, advocacy ; willingness to be part of what we’re building. 
 Little girl asks if will fully fund the IDEA, Individuals with Disabilities Edu. Act. Beto says currently it’s o…
Our administration will do everything in our power to expand access to reproductive health care, protect Roe v. Wade, and stop these radical attacks on women across America. 
I don’t listen to the NRA or the gun lobby or the PACs. I listen to people. And they’ve made it clear — universal background checks without exception, no more selling weapons of war into our communities, implement red flag laws, and fully fund research on ending gun violence. 
 Beto O'Rourke is back in Iowa. Since he entered the race in March, no one has had more events in Iowa. He's in Davenpor…
 First Q: LGBTQ rights. says on day one, he will strike down the ban on transgenders serving in the military. “W…
Climate change is here. It’s real. It’s hurting our communities. And we have a plan to address it head on.  
Great to be back in Iowa for a town hall in Davenport! 
Spent the afternoon meeting with, listening to, and learning from small business owners, local leaders, and community members who are making repairs and building back stronger after flooding in Davenport. 
 Candidates like are coming out of the gate strong on gun safety because Americans are demanding solutions to g…
For the second time this month, a young asylum seeker has died in U.S. custody. Under our care. The fifth since December. We need a full investigation and complete accountability for what happened. We must hold ourselves to a higher standard before another kid dies.
Muhlaysia Booker deserved better. Trans women of color across America deserve better. Justice must be served. Equality and full civil rights must be secured. And together, we must fight for a country that treats everyone with dignity and respect. 
As president, I will sign into law a new Voting Rights Act. We will: ✅End gerrymandering ✅Get big money out of politics✅Have automatic and same-day voter registration ✅Finally put an end to voter suppression efforts that block access to the ballot box 
On the way back to Iowa and looking forward to seeing you soon! Hope you'll join us in Davenport on Monday at 5:30 (River Music Experience) and in Tipton on Tuesday at 11:30 (Tipton City Park, Lower Pavilion). Everyone is welcome. 
We will support rural America by partnering with rural communities so we invest in their schools, hospitals, infrastructure, and broadband. We will end these trade wars and make sure farmers can make a profit while they grow the food and fiber that so much of the world relies on. 
Following the lead of those on the ground in Santa Fe, students walking out of their classrooms and marching for their lives, and all the moms demanding action, here are some ways we can work together to stop gun violence in our schools ; our communities: 
If there's not yet a watch party in your area, there's still time to host one. We'll make sure you have everything you need. Sign up here: 
Looking forward to being back in Des Moines on Tuesday for a CNN town hall. Hope you'll tune in and join your neighbors at one of the many organizing watch parties taking place across the country. Find one here:  
This is a campaign for America, all of America. Everyone matters, everyone counts, and everyone will be fought for. 
Texas does not need yet another voter suppression effort. We must defeat SB9 and ensure every person is able to cast their vote, have their voice heard, and fully participate in our democracy. 
Grateful for your leadership, your advocacy, and your commitment to standing with our fellow Americans over the NRA and the gun lobby who have purchased complicity and silence for far too long. 
Our administration will not only fully protect Roe v. Wade, but we will do everything in our power to expand access to reproductive health care and stop these radical attacks on women across America. 
 Beto O’Rourke: Here’s how I’d stop gun violence [Opinion] 
We're meeting Americans across the country who are having to work a second or third job just to make ends meet. It's clear that we have an economy that works too well for too few and not at all for too many. Let's finally achieve a minimum wage that is a living wage for everyone. 
 "They've lost the ability to organize, bargain ... and you're seeing a teacher shortage in Iowa. People working a second or t…
 "We've got to show up first or nothing else is possible." on how Democrats can win in 2020. 
 "It will not happen through walls, it will not happen with any of Donald Trump's scare tactics and racism and his paranoia ab…
 "We've got to show up first or nothing else is possible." on how Democrats can win in 2020. 
  and I passed the Honor Our Commitment Act to make sure veterans were able to access the mental health care…
 TONIGHT ON 2020 Presidential candidate, joins for a live interview. Watch “Hardball wit…
Let's strengthen our unions, protect collective bargaining, and guarantee that one job is enough by paying every working American a true living wage. We stand with organized labor in Iowa and across the country. 
And as president, I will only nominate judges who respect, affirm, and defend Brown v. Board. Andrew Oldham doesn't get nominated. Neither does Wendy Vitter. If you don't believe in civil rights, in equity, in opportunity, you don't belong in a position of public trust.
We will also decriminalize truancy. States like Texas have taken the first step by repealing laws that prosecute children for truancy, but the fines their parents face still loom large in a system that disproportionately targets black and brown students. I will take this on.
It continues by finally achieving universal pre-k for every three and four-year-old, securing affordable childcare, signing into law paid family leave, and ensuring our country's minimum wage is a living wage so no parent has to work a second or third job to make ends meet.
But I am committed to meeting this challenge with everything we've got. It starts by increasing public school funding for low-income and underserved communities, guaranteeing the equitable distribution of resources, and ensuring teachers reflect the diversity of this country.
The work continues when we see shameful race-based disparities in HS graduation rates, in who can access higher education or skills training, and in who earns a degree. Happening as we fail to invest equitable resources in education and fail to make higher education affordable.
The work continues when in that same kindergarten classroom, children of color are five times more likely to be disciplined, suspended, or expelled as a white child -- impacting their opportunity and potential. A school to prison pipeline in full effect at five years old.
The work continues when we see an unconscionable achievement gap in our classrooms that is already in full force on the very first day of kindergarten -- where black children are already 10 months behind in math and 12 months behind in reading compared to their white classmates.
Brown v. Board was decided 65 years ago but our fight for equality is not over. The work to ensure we have equity and full opportunity in our classrooms, our schools, and our education system must continue. 
Our thanks to the advocates, activists, and LGBTQ champions across the country who lead the way each day, kept the march for justice going year after year, and ultimately passed the Equality Act in the House today. Together, we will secure full civil rights for LGBTQ Americans.
 “Health care is fundamental to anything else that we want to be able to do."At our  made a comp…
Repeal the Hyde Amendment. 
Our country has the world’s largest prison population. It is comprised disproportionately of people of color, built by targeting and prosecuting some communities for nonviolent drug offenses and not others. We need real, lasting, meaningful justice reform. The time to act is now. 
Ultimately, this is about ensuring that every single one of us — regardless of race, ethnicity, or class — can live to our full potential with equal rights and equal dignity. We will build a future that is more just, more fair, and more prosperous for every single person.
Finally, we provide meaningful reentry reforms to help reduce recidivism. That starts by banning the box on job applications, returning drivers licenses, allowing access to loans that can unlock skills trainings, and ensuring their constitutional right to vote is protected.
It also means taking on prosecutorial and police misconduct with a fully-staffed Department of Justice that can conduct investigations, provide de-escalation trainings across police agencies, and institute community-based review boards to ensure accountability and transparency.
Fifth, we ensure that all people are given an equal opportunity to have their rights respected by our legal system. This means reopening the federal Office of Access to Justice, launched to provide greater resources for indigent litigants in civil, criminal, and tribal courts.
Let’s end the use of cash bail once and for all and provide states grants to replace these systems. I also support decriminalizing truancy in a flawed system that disproportionately targets black and brown students.
Fourth, we finally disrupt the cycles of poverty that trap people in a criminal justice system where they do not belong. On any given day, nearly half a million people are in jail — many for misdemeanors — because they cannot afford to post bail.
Third, we eliminate private, for-profit prisons. No place in our society for a multibillion-dollar industry that profits off human suffering. We will not continue to outsource imprisonment to corporations that have a perverse profit incentive to put more people behind bars.
Second, we stop using mandatory minimums for nonviolent drug offenses — a practice that costs us dearly in both a loss of human potential and a prison budget that has nearly doubled in the past two decades. We must begin treating addiction like the public health concern it is.
First, we end a failed war on drugs that has long been a war on people, waged on some more than others. We must end the federal prohibition on marijuana and expunge the records of those who were locked away for possessing it.
Across the country, students, activists, and advocates are laying bare this history and leading the way forward. Because of their efforts and the civil rights heroes before them, I believe we have the opportunity to rebuild our justice system.This is how I propose we do it:
If we are to end mass incarceration, we must confront the fact that every arm of the system is shaped by this legacy — from the over-policing of black and brown neighborhoods, to a process marked by unequal resources, to prisons that set people up for failure rather than reentry.
It's a prison population perpetuated by a school-to-prison pipeline that starts as early as kindergarten, where a black child is 5x as likely to be suspended or expelled as a white child. Many have joined Michelle Alexander in calling this the New Jim Crow, and for good reason.
It's shameful that our country has the world’s largest prison population. One comprised disproportionately of people of color; built on prosecuting some communities for nonviolent drug offenses ; not others, even as people of all races use illegal drugs at roughly the same rate.
I published a essay this morning that not only confronts a justice system that is patently unjust -- continuing the legacy of slavery and suppression to criminalize people of color -- but also outlines urgent steps to reform it. Take a look:
A 2-year-old has died, the 4th child seeking asylum to die in our care in 6 months. End the suffering, the trauma, the death at our border. Treat immigrants and asylum seekers like human beings. Focus on the wellbeing of these kids above any other concern. 
At a time of unprecedented attacks on women and their health care, we must protect Roe v. Wade and defend a woman’s right to make her own decisions about her body. 
It's unconscionable for even one veteran to be left behind. We're going to serve every veteran who served every single one of us. We're going to invest in their education, job training, housing, mental ; physical health care. That's a promise this country must keep, and we will.
Our efforts made more veterans eligible for mental health services but new reporting shows the VA has done little to spread the word and ensure these veterans get this lifesaving care. It's unacceptable. We know what's wrong, we know how to fix it, and now we need the VA to act.
In the midst of a suicide crisis that claims the lives of more than 20 veterans a day (14 of whom hadn't accessed the VA), I worked with members of both parties to write, pass, and sign into law legislation that expanded access to mental health care for veterans.
This country doesn't spare resources in sending young women and men to fight in endless wars. We shouldn't allow it to spare resources investing in them when they come home. We need to do everything in our power to serve those who served our country. 
Universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care must be achieved as quickly and as surely as possible so everyone can see a doctor, afford their prescriptions, and live to their full potential. 
We will fight these dangerous efforts with everything we’ve got in legislatures across the country, in the courts, and at the ballot box. We will win. Take action now by supporting organizations like that provide critical health care to millions. 
HB 314 is not only unconstitutional - it's a radical attack on women across Alabama and America. We won't back down when it comes to fully protecting Roe v. Wade, fighting dangerous efforts to roll back reproductive health care and defending a woman’s right to access an abortion.
 Beto visiting Houston   all our support 
Let us forever free Dreamers from any fear of deportation by making them citizens, bring their parents and millions more out of the shadows, honor our asylum laws, never again take another child from another parent, and reunite every family that has been separated so far. 
In 2018, we forever changed voting in Texas. Now, our work continues so every American is able to fully participate in our democracy. We need a new Voting Rights Act that ends gerrymandering, gets big money out of politics, and institutes automatic ; same-day voter registration. 
Let’s support rural America by listening to and partnering with rural communities to invest in hospitals. Expand Medicaid in those states that haven't. Take power from the hands of insurance companies and return it to people with universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care.
More than 100 of the country’s remote hospitals have closed in the past decade. 1 in 5 of the rural hospitals that remain open are at a high risk of closing too. We've seen the impact and urgency of this crisis firsthand in Texas and too many other states.
We have an economy that works too well for too few and not at all for far too many. Let's increase opportunity by achieving: ✅ Equal Pay✅ Paid family leave✅ Universal Pre-K✅ Affordable childcare✅ $15 minimum wage ✅ Universal health care✅ The Equal Rights Amendment 
See you soon, Iowa! Looking forward to being back. 
 "I really want to make sure that this campaign is for everyone," 2020 Democratic candidate Beto O'Rourke tells "…
 “We’re not going to put kids in cages — we’re not going to deport their moms,” says explaining his immigration an…
 THIS MORNING: Presidential hopeful joins co-hosts for the first time — see his daytime exclusive intervi…
 Beto O'Rourke: Trump has "turned his back on our allies, on our friends, on those connections that we have forged in sacrifice t…
Trump's foreign policy has been a complete disaster for the United States and for the world. It has made us less safe. 
 Beto O’Rourke explains his campaign philosophy to Rachel Maddow: “Doesn’t matter how blue, we’re not going to take you for gra…
This campaign is about showing up everywhere, for everyone, every single day. It's why we've held more than 150 town halls, visited more than 115 cities, answered more than 1,000 questions. And it's why we were on the ground in Pacific Junction and communities across our country. 
 Trump's "Cozying up to strongmen like Putin, or Duterte, or Erdogan, or al-Sisi ... it makes our way in the world that much hard…
 Beto tonight! 
Learned a ton from those we’ve met during our more than 60 town halls and public events across the 34 counties of Iowa that we’ve had the opportunity to visit so far. Really looking forward to sharing some of this when we’re back in the state next week. 
 FIRST in the morning politics newsletter: will participate in a CNN town hall hosted by
 Donald Trump does not believe that every person is in this country is entitled to be treated with dignity and respect. We…
We have a maternal mortality crisis in this country that is 3x as deadly for women of color. We must achieve universal health care, fully invest in family planning clinics, and follow the lead of women who are confronting this crisis daily. Our mothers are counting on all of us. 
Really lucked out by having a mom who loves us unconditionally, who encourages us, and who inspires me every day with her kindness and the generosity she shows to everyone she meets. Forever the best I could have had. Love you, mom. 
Wishing a very happy Mother's Day to all of the amazing Moms across the country. Loved getting to spend the weekend with Amy. 
We will repeal the discriminatory and hateful transgender troop ban and replace it with the Equality Act to ensure full civil rights for LGBTQ Americans. 
Great to be back in Dover! Big thanks to the New Hampshire Young Democrats for bringing the community together for an energizing town hall. 
At a time when the Trump administration is trying to shrink public lands, we not only protected them but we expanded them. We will continue fighting for clean air, safe drinking water, and accessible public lands for everyone in this country. 
 Asked what would your top priorities be on day one in the White House says taking action on climate change.…
  speaking the truth on  ; how it’s a fight we will win.Calling out gerrymandering ; restrictiv…
Springtime in New Hampshire! 
Beautiful day for a town hall outside in Exeter. There’s real leadership and advocacy on the ground in this community on every issue from reducing gun violence to achieving paid family leave and equal pay. 
 Lots on immigration/separation at the border. With Mother’s Day tomorrow, asks crowd to think of the mother…
 Lovely afternoon for outdoor town hall in Exeter, NH.  
Ashley and Greg opened up their home to bring neighbors together for a town hall in Bedford. Great way to spend the afternoon talking about health care, climate change, and foreign policy. 
  in Bedford, NH – LIVE at 11am ET on C-SPAN  
Enjoyed grabbing lunch in Manchester! Thanks to everyone who said hello. Now on the way to a town hall in Bedford. 
“O’Rourke says climate change needs to be more of a priority. He released a $5 trillion plan to curb climate change and calls for cutting greenhouse gas emissions in half by 2030, reducing methane emissions and ending gas and oil drilling on federal land.” 
Thanks to Ann for bringing her neighbors together on a Friday evening for a town hall in Lebanon. Enjoyed meeting everyone and getting to learn more about the community. Really great day across New Hampshire. 
 HAPPENING NOW: Crowd is gathered here at Top of the Hop at waiting to hear from who is holding a T…
 Beto O'Rourke Campaigns in N.H. With a Warning on Climate Change:  
 With his eyes on climate change, former Rep. Beto O'Rourke unveils a sweeping $5 trillion plan with significant federal ac…
 Hope you like your new pin is pinking out every candidate event in Hanover and I couldn’t b…
Dartmouth! Thank you for the energizing welcome, the ideas, and the leadership you’re showing on so many important issues. Great to be on campus with you for a town hall. 
In Hanover, we committed to doing everything possible to close the achievement gap, end the school-to-prison pipeline, and ensure we invest the necessary resources into our classrooms to finally achieve equity in education. 
Great to be with everyone for an afternoon town hall in New London atColby Sawyer College. Appreciate the discussion on paid family leave, voting rights, and making higher education more affordable. 
Thanks to Gail and Gene for opening up their home this morning for a discussion in Hooksett. Amy and I enjoyed the conversation about everything from health care and universal pre-K to the environment and justice reform. 
In Hooksett this morning, we had a conversation about ratifying the Equal Rights Amendment, fighting for equal pay, and ensuring universal, guaranteed, high-quality healthcare means that every woman makes her own decisions about her own body. 
 VIDEO: I asked about the tariffs will impose on China TONIGHT at midnightO'Rourke: I do not…
 A busy  New Hampshire campaign day for begins at a house party in Hooksett  via htt…
Hope you'll join us for one of our three town halls on Friday:➡Hooksett at 8:30 a.m. (23 Barberry St.)➡New London at 12 (Susan Colgate Cleveland Library)➡Hanover at 3:30 (Top of the Hop, 4 E Wheelock St)See you soon!
Started tonight's town hall by talking about gun violence because it's been on all of our minds after another school shooting, another kid murdered, another community forever impacted. As parents and as Americans, we've got to act now to end this. Here are some things we must do: 
In Salem, we talked about why we’re fully committed to running a true grassroots campaign that does not accept a dime from PACS, corporations, special interests, or federal lobbyists. 
In Salem, we’re talking about our commitment to forever freeing Dreamers from any fear of deportation by making them U.S. citizens. 
Back in New Hampshire and excited to have Amy on the road with us! 
Still thinking about the town hall we had last night in Minneapolis. A powerful, necessary discussion on ensuring we have equity and opportunity in every part of our country including in our institutions of education, health care, the ballot box, economy, and justice system. 
“O’Rourke greeted every person who stood in the rain and walked into the taproom soaking wet. He made his presidential pitch to voters, telling a capacity crowd that he would work to fix the immigration and health care systems and address gun violence.” 
Let's celebrate Teacher Appreciation Week by fighting for educators, their classrooms, ; our public schools. Pay them a living wage so they don't have to work a second job, invest in their success, protect their retirement ; ensure they can teach to the student and not the test.
5 days, 963 miles driven, 133 questions answered -- thanks for joining us in:🚙Council Bluffs🚙Pacific Junction🚙Shenandoah🚙Red Oak🚙Atlantic🚙Creston🚙Newton🚙Des Moines🚙Indianola🚙Adel🚙Boone🚙Waverly🚙Charles City🚙Fayette🚙Mason City🚙Lakeville🚙Minneapolis
“Several hundred jammed the cafeteria at Edison H.S. in northeast Minneapolis as O’Rourke spoke about immigration, health care, the economy, climate change, gun violence and other issues, sprinkling his remarks with Spanish. He’ll be back, he added.” 
At a time of unprecedented attacks on reproductive health care, we must defend a woman’s right to make her own decisions about her own body. That means defeating dangerous efforts like Georgia’s HB481, protecting Roe v. Wade, and expanding access to reproductive health care.
We can either continue to accept gun violence in our schools, our places of worship, our streets, and our communities or we can urgently act with human solutions to this human-caused crisis. I’m fully with those I met in Minnesota who are choosing action. Some of our ideas: 
 Several hundred people greet at Edison HS in Minneapolis who opens with shoutouts to Prince,Lizzo and…
 Mr. with a strong response to my sister question about insulin affordability in Minneapolis tonigh…
In Minneapolis, we discussed climate change and how we can organize an historic effort to free this country from a dependence on greenhouse gas emissions, invest in the technologies and jobs in renewable energy, and reassert our leadership on the world stage before it’s too late. 
An amazing, energizing, inspiring evening in Minneapolis for a town hall not only about the challenges we face but about how we’re going to meet each of them by working together. 
 thank you so much for taking the time to come to MN and appreciating Jack’s enthusiasm for you! He has much to…
 O’Rourkes unite in a very rainy Minnesota!!   
In Lakeville, we committed to signing into law a new Voting Rights Act that forever banishes big money from our politics, ends gerrymandering, and enacts same-day and automatic voter registration. Every citizen must be able to participate, cast their vote, have their voice heard. 
 Somewhere up there is - making his first campaign stop in Minnesota. The fire marshal here says we are over…
By showing up to meet with, listen to, and learn from farmers and communities across Iowa, we've put together a plan to partner with Iowans so we can urgently combat climate change and build a more resilient and green future. Read it here:  
On our way to Lakeville (3:00 at Angry Inch Brewing) and Minneapolis (5:30 at Edison High School). See you soon. 
Big thanks to Tamara, Erin, Andrea, and everyone who took the time to join us for a town hall in Mason City. A really great way to conclude five days on the road across Iowa. We’ll be back soon. 
 Topics covered in speech so far: immigration, mass shootings, climate change. All this in 15 minutes. AND -…
In Mason City, we talked about the urgent need to protect Social Security before it’s too late and ensure it’s there for our kids and future generations. Let’s start by signing into law the Social Security 2100 Act. 
 In Mason City, IA,  opens his remarks by speaking Spanish. 
“O'Rourke called for universal background checks, an end to assault-style weapon sales and more "red flag laws" that prevent people who are deemed a threat to themselves or others from buying guns. O’Rourke pointed to students who have pushed for change.” 
 We asked every  Dem presidential candidate if they had a message for the College Democrats of Maryland - one respon…
“O’Rourke championed universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care for all. He also supported bridging the gender and race-based wage gaps and ratifying the equal rights amendment. But for O’Rourke, one issue remains most important — climate change.” 
Hope you'll join us tomorrow for the fifth day of our road trip. We'll be in:🚙Mason City at 11:00 (Fat Hill Brewing, 17 N Federal Ave)🚙Lakeville at 3:30 (Angry Inch Brewing, 20841 Holyoke Ave)🚙Minneapolis at 5:30 (Edison High School, 700 22nd Ave NE)Everyone is welcome.
“Speaking with students at Berg Middle School, O’Rourke said as president, he would push for universal background checks to help reduce gun violence. O’Rourke said he is also in favor of banning the sale of assault weapons to civilians.” 
Big thanks to Andrew for committing to caucus with us after our Wartburg College town hall in Waverly this afternoon. Honored to have your support. 
“In Waverly, O’Rourke talked a considerable amount about ending the so-called “war on drugs” by ending marijuana prohibition, expunging the records of those convicted of possession, ending the cash-bail system and eliminating for-profit prisons.” 
Yesterday, a 14-year-old told me she was afraid that she would be shot in her classroom. Today, students in Highlands Ranch were shot in theirs. We are not doing enough to protect the lives in our lives. We must take action now to stop gun violence in our communities. Some ideas: 
“O’Rourke is bringing groundwork devotion to Iowa on his trail to the 2020 election. From minimum wage and higher education to climate change, he made a point to relate the nation’s issues and his ideas to people he has connected with in Iowa.” 
Our government is captured, corroded, and corrupted by special interests like never before. It’s why I introduced the No PAC Act, why we want to restore power to people, and why we are rejecting all money from PACs, corporations, federal lobbyists, and special interests. 
Thanks to Bryce and Kale for hosting a town hall for the community at their home in Adel. Really enjoyed meeting everyone. 
Immediately re-open the investigation into Sandra Bland's arrest and death. There must be full accountability and justice. 
In Boone, we talked about the need to confront the true legacy of slavery, of segregation, of suppression, of Jim Crow, of how people have been criminalized and kept down based on their race and ethnicity. This truth is critical to change, progress, equity and justice for all. 
 The Boone County Iowa Democrats welcome to Boone this morning! 
“O’Rourke opened with immigration, guaranteeing universal health care, making sure women have the right to make decisions about their own bodies, raising minimum wage to $15, and emphasizing the importance of unions. He has been to 30 different colleges.” 
From Adel to Boone for our second town hall of the morning. Thanks for the welcome. 
If we want to achieve an economic democracy in this country then we must have a minimum wage that is a living wage, paid family leave, and equal pay for women. We must also ratify the Equal Rights Amendment and always put people before corporations, PACs, and special interests. 
 Democratic presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke in Iowa highlighted climate change after making an unannounced stop in Pacif…
 Asian and Latino Coalition in Des Moines welcomes Beto O’Rourke on stage with a chant of “¡Viva Beto!” 
Looking forward to our first visit to Minnesota tomorrow! 3:30 in Lakeville at Angry Inch Brewing and 5:30 in Minneapolis at Edison High School. Hope to see you there. 
“O’Rourke held a town hall in Indianola at Simpson College Tuesday, taking questions from the public on a range of issues. O’Rourke focused on immigration, climate change and the need for clean energy, and forgiving student debt.”
By following the lead of young people, we can finally achieve real progress and real change that will ensure no student has to fear gun violence in their schools, our communities, or this country. 
Universal, guaranteed, high quality health care must be achieved as quickly and as surely as possible so every one of us is able to see a doctor, afford our prescriptions, and get the care we need. We must ensure no family is priced out, denied care, or left behind anymore. 
 Beto O'Rourke in Iowa: "This campaign is about everyone and it writes nobody off. It takes no one for granted. And it does no…
Not only will we reverse the discriminatory and hateful transgender troop ban but we will also sign into law the Equality Act to ensure full civil rights for LGBTQ Americans across the country. 
 Presidential candidate is here speaking at Kent Campus Center. He’s even sporting a Simpson College baseball…
“O’Rourke expressed concerns about issues from climate change and voter disenfranchisement to pay disparity, higher education, environmental justice and a livable minimum wage. Today's students are playing a vital role, he said, fighting for the future.” 
 and professor Neil Hamilton are discussing climate change in DSM with 9 other Iowans on pa…
 O'Rourke says his plan will include "listening to, learning from and following the lead from farmers who can play such a…
"O’Rourke covered a number of topics ranging from immigration and the border to health care, the economy and education. He also talked about issues close to home for Iowans, speaking to residents about the flooding, issues with levies and the Army Corps."  
Milan asked what we are going to do to combat gun violence so no student has to fear a school shooting happening in Berg Middle School, in Newton, in Iowa, and in classrooms across America. Here's our response: 
“O'Rourke said he sees a direct connection between Iowa's flooding and other extreme weather around the country in recent years and climate change. His visit to Iowa — his third — comes a week after he released a detailed plan to address climate change.” 
Progress will not sustain itself.History can roll in reverse.No victory is final.And the work is never finished.We too will fight.We too will march on.We too will do great things.And we too will do them together.Commencement, Paul Quinn College Dallas — May 4, 2019 
Thank you for the incredibly warm welcome to Newton tonight! It has been a really great day across Iowa with five town halls in five amazing communities. 
Ramadan Mubarak to our Muslim neighbors here in Iowa, which is home to our oldest standing mosque. Ramadan Mubarak to our Muslim friends across America. May this be a month of reflection, charity, and community for all.
We can’t only talk about inequity in our justice system when we also see it in education, health care, the economy, our democracy, housing, and the environment. We must act to ensure full civil rights, equity, and justice for all. 
”Taking aim at the Trump Administration in several areas, O’Rourke called on the president to lift tariffs imposed on several products that are hurting Iowa farmers. O’Rourke also focused on the economy and toured flood damage in Pacific Junction.”
We must sign into law a new Voting Rights Act to end gerrymandering, get big money out of politics, have automatic ; same-day voter registration, and stop racist voter ID laws so we ensure everyone is able to cast their vote, have their voice heard, participate in our democracy. 
  spends a considerable amount of time talking about the need to address climate change; notes Iowa has led th…
Instead of cutting a two trillion dollar tax break to the very wealthiest and the corporations, let's invest in our schools, our teachers, our health care, our infrastructure, our communities and the families who call them home. 
“O'Rourke, the former Texas congressman held a town hall in Council Bluffs as he took and answered questions about a variety of topics including more about his new $5 trillion climate plan. That plan aims to zero out national net carbon emissions by 2050.” 
 Loved being able to meet and ask questions about college accessibility and hear his passion for helping f…
 Drove over an hour to hear the amazing speak about the present issues that face our country. He is one of t…
From Shenandoah to Red Oak and now Atlantic for our third town hall of the day. 
Perfect day for a town hall outside in the park. Thanks to all the families who took the time to join us in Red Oak. 
Let’s support rural America by listening to and partnering with rural communities. Let’s end the trade wars, bring the tariffs down, and make sure farmers can make a profit while they grow the food and fiber that feeds and clothes not just this country but so much of the world. 
  mental health, clean water, health care, environment, one of many issues before questions. 
  begins his remarks in Red Oak, Iowa.  
We will not solve the opioid crisis through the criminal justice system. Instead, we will rise to meet this challenge through a commitment to, and investment in, public health. 
A beautiful day for five town halls across southwest and central Iowa. Each an opportunity to listen and learn. First up: Shenandoah. Appreciate everyone who joined us this morning. 
“O’Rourke spoke to an enthusiastic crowd then answered questions. He said he would fight for equal rights for everyone, end the ban on marijuana and expunge those charges, favors universal background checks, and said universal health care is needed.” 
“Beto O’Rourke released a bold and ambitious plan to confront the existential threat of climate change and invest in communities in Iowa. O’Rourke’s plan makes historic investments to combat climate change, supports farmers and workers.”The Valley NewsShenandoah, Iowa 
Tenemos que darle la ciudadanía a Dreamers. Yo les prometo que voy a luchar por nuestros jóvenes pero también voy a luchar por sus padres, y así juntos podemos seguir luchando por el sueño americano y lograr una reforma migratoria comprensiva. 
Getting to meet with, listen to, and learn from those who are recovering and rebuilding from the greatest flood Pacific Junction, IA had ever seen, which destroyed homes, farms, and businesses. Our thanks to those who are helping serve meals and build the community back stronger. 
Thank you for a day I will never forget, These incredible graduates are leading the way and we’re fortunate for the opportunity to follow them. 
A new poll has us beating Trump by 10 points.It's only possible because you've helped us run a grassroots campaign that stays on the road everyday to go everywhere and listen to everyone -- not writing anyone off or taking anyone for granted. Proud of what we're doing together. 
 i met Beto O’Rourke today and listened to everything he had to say and glad to state that he has my vote. i encourage you…
At today’s Council Bluffs town hall, we all committed to fully investing in a world class Pre-k through 12 public education system, getting the backs of our educators, and ensuring that we’re paying them a living wage so they don’t have to work a second or third job anymore. 
  is covering RIGHT NOW at   
Back in Iowa! 
Loved meeting you, Diego 
 After today’s Commencement Ceremonies, I asked keynote speaker and president of
Council Bluffs! Hello from 14D on this American Airlines flight. Heading your way and looking forward to seeing you at 3:00 — Wilson Middle School (715 N 21st). 
 (1/2) says in commencement address: "The work is far from over. ... The legacies of slaver…
 Our friend Quinnite Beto O’Rourke is delivering a powerful commencement message to the Class of 2019! 
 Beto was awarded an honorary degree prior to his commencement speech at Paul Qunn College. Rousing speech…
 The tassels have turned! Students, faculty, staff, ; are here to share this special moment wi…
Officially Paul Quinn graduates — congratulations on all you’ve accomplished and all you’ll continue to achieve. We are so proud. 
 Our friend Quinnite Beto O’Rourke is delivering a powerful commencement message to the Class of 2019! 
 Long-time friend of the  ;  Convocation speaker has inspired our graduates to…
 It is our privilege to present with an honorary degree today at the  Paul Quinn 
 Beautiful sight this Saturday morning: the 60+ graduates 🎓 of at today’s 143rd Commencement Convocatio…
A moment we will never forget. Thank you to Paul Quinn College for the opportunity to receive this honorary degree. 
 giving the commencement speech at 
 takes the stage to deliver the commencement speech to our  graduates.  2.0 
  arrives for commencement in Dallas 
 First-gen college student Lorenza Najera is our  Co-Valedictorian! Lorenza will be pursuing a  in n…
Congratulations to co-Valedictorian Lorenza Najera who not only inspires us but leads us today and in the days ahead. An honor to hear you speak this morning. You have so much to be proud of. 
 For the first time in  history, we will have Co-Valedictorians. Co-Valedictorian Hugh Washington is a…
Congratulations to Co-Valedictorian Hugh Washington on your accomplishments, your leadership, your determination, and your continued success. Thank you for sharing your story, your example, and your day with us. 
Watch commencement LIVE at  
Marching over to commencement with the graduating class 
Your 130th graduating class of Paul Quinn College ⬇️ 
 Congratulations to all of our  graduating this morning!  2.0  
“Beto O'Rourke was back in North Texas Friday. In a campaign where he visited all 254 counties of the state, he became the first candidate to win Tarrant county since 1994, almost 25 years. NBC 5 spoke to O'Rourke about how critical Texas is to winning.”
Made my night to meet her. We’ll be sure to see you next time, Brenda! 
Texans don’t stand for this kind of homophobia and hatred. Mayor Pete, we are grateful you came to Texas and hope to see you and Chasten back again soon. 
Toriana President from Temple, Texas is graduating tomorrow at Paul Quinn College. Law school is next. Congratulations! Looking forward to joining the graduating class and delivering the commencement address.You can watch tomorrow morning at 9:00 CT —&gt;  
A truly special night in Fort Worth. Really nice to be back. Thank you for energizing us, for inspiring us, for reminding us what is possible when we join together as Texans and Americans to overcome the challenges before us. 
 The crowd is pumped and so is Beto  
  now sharing stage with at his Fort Worth rally. “Deborah Peoples, from Day 1, when no one knew w…
We must free Dreamers from the fear of deportation by making them U.S. citizens today. Allow them to contribute not only to their full potential but to this country’s full potential. 
Appreciate the opportunity to attend and looking forward to an important, necessary discussion. 
The solutions to fighting climate change are coming from the communities most impacted by it. That's why we were in the Central Valley and communities across this country to listen, learn, and create an historic climate plan. Read it here and  to share:  
Looking forward to being back in Tarrant County tonight! Hope you'll join us at 5:30 in Fort Worth. We're meeting up at Flying Saucer (111 E 3rd St). Everyone is welcome. 
The Mississippi River near Davenport is at its highest level ever, causing devastating flooding in the region that continues to directly hit homes, businesses, and entire communities. If you can, please pitch in a few dollars to help with recovery efforts:  
Gracias a por la entrevista acerca de los retos que enfrentamos como país y como juntos podemos resolverlos. 
 Here’s my interview with in Las Vegas. Take a look.Aquí les va mi entrevista con Beto O’Rourke en Las Ve…
"Beto O'Rourke, the presidential candidate, has made it his mission to visit as many people and places as he can. reports from the East Las Vegas Community Center for -- watch here:  
Looking forward to returning to Iowa. See you in:🚙Council Bluffs on Saturday🚙Shenandoah, Red Oak, Atlantic, Creston, Newton on Sunday🚙Indianola on Monday🚙Adel, Boone, Wartburg, Charles City, Fayette on Tuesday🚙Mason City on WednesdayAll events:  
"It's the most robust proposal from any 2020 contender yet, calling for $5 trillion in investments and aiming for net-zero emissions by 2050. The climate policy proposal lays out a specific plan of action." 
Fort Worth! We're excited to see you tomorrow night. Please note that because of weather concerns, the event has changed locations. It will now be held at Flying Saucer, 111 E 3rd St in Fort Worth. RSVP here:  
The greatest threat we face is climate change. The stakes are clear. The time to act is running out. We have to do everything we can to overcome this challenge and we have to do it now. Take a look at our four-part plan to fight climate change: 
I have signed the No Fossil Fuel Money Pledge. Here's why: 
Very saddened that yet another child has died in U.S. custody after traveling hundreds of miles to seek refuge and asylum. We must focus on the wellbeing of these children above any other concern. If we sacrifice humanity for security, we'll lose both. 
Barr has failed in his responsibility to our country. He is not fit to serve as Attorney General and should resign.
"In a wide-ranging address that touched on most every major policy dispute confronting the country, the White House hopeful talked about returning America to a place that celebrates diversity and makes education and healthcare a priority for everyone." 
"O'Rourke talked climate change — the subject of his $5 trillion proposal Monday — and homelessness, the Equal Rights Amendment and immigration, education and structural racism, health care and gun control. He began in Spanish — speaking fluently." 
Today we observe Yom HaShoah to remember the Holocaust. But after attacks on our Jewish neighbors in Poway, in Pittsburgh, in too many more communities across the country, we must also take this moment to join together and fight anti-Semitism and hatred everywhere we see it.
I stand with the South Carolina educators who are speaking up, organizing, and marching to the Statehouse today. We must pay our teachers a living wage, get them the resources they need, and fully invest in their classrooms. This can’t wait any longer.
My thoughts are with the UNC Charlotte community during this painful and difficult moment. We must act now to prevent gun violence by following the lead of the young people marching, the moms demanding action and advocates across the country who refuse to live in fear any longer.
"This policy was put together as the candidate has been touring the country. It's informed by the people he meets and by the questions he gets. Whether it's in Iowa, Nevada, or California, you can see that O'Rourke has been absorbing this information."MSNBC on our climate plan: 
“The proposal lays out a four-pronged approach: 1) executive action, 2) mobilizing $5 trillion to invest in a clean energy transition, 3) guaranteeing net-zero emissions by 2050, and 4) preparing vulnerable communities for the impacts of climate change.” 
 The wage gapImmigrationIncome inequalityClimate change$15 minimum wagePaid family leaveAffordable child careUniversal…
Thinking of everyone in Davenport and the surrounding communities right now as they face serious flooding. Stay safe ; please follow the lead of your local first responders. 
It’s going to take all of us to be successful, not just against Donald Trump in November of 2020, but for this country in January of 2021 and beyond. Thank you, for the opportunity to sign on. 
Ending our first visit to California with an enthusiastic and informative town hall in San Diego. Thanks to everyone who joined us as we traveled across the state and visited so many incredible communities. See you again soon. 
Our ability to campaign this way — grassroots, without PACs, by and for people in every state and community — can bring us together not just to defeat Trump but to ensure we have the full power of people, of a movement, to accomplish this country’s priorities. 
 Beto takes the stage in San Diego 
  just took the stage....he started his remarks in Spanish 
 Beto says he feels at home here in San Diego.Says only 10 hour drive from El Paso 
 WATCH LIVE: Democratic presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke wraps his California trip with a town hall discussion in San Diego. h…
 Beto O’Rourke's climate plan includes:1. Executive action2. Mobilizing $5 trillion over 10 years to invest in a clean ene…
“Beto O’Rourke made a stop in Modesto to discuss ideas for combating climate change with a panel at Modesto Junior College. That was hours after the Democratic presidential candidate announced a $5 trillion proposal at Yosemite National Park.” 
We are going everywhere, listening to everyone, writing nobody off, and taking nobody for granted because this is a grassroots, no-PAC campaign for America -- for everyone in America. 
Thanks to everyone who joined us today in Yosemite National Park and across the Central Valley to not only share our plan to fight climate change but to commit to putting it into action for our kids, communities, country, and this planet. 
The greatest threat we face is climate change. But by showing up to meet with, listen to, and learn from thousands of Americans on the ground in communities across this country, we've put together a bold, ambitious, historic plan to meet this challenge with everything we've got. 
About to join on MSNBC to discuss our historic plan to fight climate change. Hope you’ll tune in.
“Beto O'Rourke on Monday unveiled an ambitious plan to combat climate change that spurs $5 trillion for the cause and aims to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050. O'Rourke would also boost resources to help communities already facing extreme weather” 
Great to spend the afternoon with Mayor Tubbs who is making incredible things happen as he leads on climate, education, and economic opportunity. Super inspired and looking forward to coming back to Stockton again. There are a lot of amazing things happening in this community. 
Our bold climate plan mobilizes $5 trillion — spurred by the largest investment towards fighting climate change in history — and guarantees we achieve net-zero emissions by 2050 while getting halfway there by 2030. 
 has learned first-hand about floods in Iowa, drought in Nevada, and the fight over offshore drilling in South Car…
Touring the agriculture department at Modesto Junior College and learning about the one of a kind Irrigation Technology Program that is providing innovative solutions to fighting the impacts of climate change. 
I know that to solve the climate crisis, we must build and harness the full strength of the largest grassroots campaign in US history. Will you take our survey to let us know what you want included in our climate framework?
I just unveiled an ambitious plan to confront climate change head on and I want to know what you think about it. Take our survey to share your ideas about how we can keep fighting climate change together.
I know that to solve the climate crisis, we must build and harness the full strength of the largest grassroots campaign in US history. Will you take our survey to let us know what you want included in our climate framework?
I just unveiled an ambitious plan to confront climate change head on and I want to know what you think about it. Take our survey to share your ideas about how we can keep fighting climate change together.
I know that to solve the climate crisis, we must build and harness the full strength of the largest grassroots campaign in US history. Will you take our survey to let us know what you want included in our climate framework?
I just unveiled an ambitious plan to confront climate change head on and I want to know what you think about it. Take our survey to share your ideas about how we can keep fighting climate change together.
Grateful for the welcome to Modesto Junior College by students from the agriculture department. Enjoyed the opportunity to learn about the Irrigation Technology Program that’s helping protect the environment, conserve natural resources and create high-skill jobs in the community. 
The greatest threat we face is climate change. We have one last chance to unleash the ingenuity and political will of hundreds of millions of Americans to meet this moment before it's too late. Here’s our plan:  
 This election offers our last, best chance to address the climate crisis.We commend for offering this detailed…
 Beto O'Rourke on Monday unveiled an ambitious plan to combat climate change that spurs $5 trillion for the cause and aims…
 Here’s Beto, touring the park w enviro justice advocate Leslie Martinez and Dr. Anne Kelly from UC Merced Yosemite Station. T…
 Beto O’Rourke has released a sweeping, $5T plan to combat what he regularly refers to as the “greatest threat” our nation face…
“Beto O'Rourke unveiled a sweeping $5 trillion plan on Monday to combat what he calls the "greatest threat" facing the United States today: climate change. The plan garnered praise from a number of prominent environmental organizations”
 BIG NEWS on  just released an ambitious and detailed climate plan that would start on day…
 Glad to see outline of a climate plan with a focus on justice for the communities most affected. We're eager t…
As president, I’ll take action on Day 1 to confront climate change. Our country is running out of time to address the crisis in front of us. If you’re with us -- add your name.
As president, I’ll take action on Day 1 to confront climate change. Our country is running out of time to address the crisis in front of us. If you’re with us -- add your name.
As president, I’ll take action on Day 1 to confront climate change. Our country is running out of time to address the crisis in front of us. If you’re with us -- add your name.
I just announced an ambitious plan to tackle climate change and strengthen our democracy and economy. If you’re with us -- add your name now.
As president, I’ll take action on Day 1 to confront climate change. Our country is running out of time to address the crisis in front of us. If you’re with us -- add your name.
I chose to roll out this ambitious plan to confront climate change before any other policy because our country is running out of time to address this crisis. Sign up if you are ready to take action.
If you believe we can build an economy that protects our environment and supports every American -- add your name to our plan, which will be the single largest climate investment in world history.
If you believe we can build an economy that protects our environment and supports every American -- add your name to our plan, which will be the single largest climate investment in world history.
I just announced an ambitious plan to tackle climate change and strengthen our democracy and economy. If you’re with us -- add your name now.
As president, I’ll take action on Day 1 to confront climate change. Our country is running out of time to address the crisis in front of us. If you’re with us -- add your name.
I chose to roll out this ambitious plan to confront climate change before any other policy because our country is running out of time to address this crisis. Sign up if you are ready to take action.
f you believe we can build an economy that protects our environment and supports every American -- add your name to our plan, which will be the single largest climate investment in world history.
I just announced an ambitious plan to tackle climate change and strengthen our democracy and economy. If you’re with us -- add your name now.
As president, I’ll take action on Day 1 to confront climate change. Our country is running out of time to address the crisis in front of us. If you’re with us -- add your name.
I chose to roll out this ambitious plan to confront climate change before any other policy because our country is running out of time to address this crisis. Sign up if you are ready to take action.
If you believe we can build an economy that protects our environment and supports every American -- add your name to our plan, which will be the single largest climate investment in world history.
Big thanks to Dr. Anne Kelly and Leslie Martinez for sharing their expertise on climate science and community impacts with us while hiking in Yosemite this morning. 


Heading into Yosemite National Park to talk about our historic climate action plan. Follow along throughout the day and read the plan at  
 Beto O'Rourke unveiling climate change plan just before he meets with a scientist in Yosemite, a national park with brea…
Climate change is the greatest threat we face. And we won't solve it with half measures or half the country. It will take all of us. That’s why I just announced an historic, ambitious plan to meet this challenge and invest in our communities. Read it here: 
“It was standing room only for O’Rourke as he vowed to make it easier for young people to register to vote, close the pay gap and bolster paid family leave. He also pledged universal health care coverage as well as a return to the Paris climate agreement.” 
Joining together in San Francisco, we committed to continuing the urgent work necessary to secure civil rights, equity, and justice for everyone in our country. 
Huge honor to be introduced by my good friend Thanks for housing me in DC and welcoming me to San Francisco. 
 Beto O’Rourke speaking at a town hall in San Francisco, “We need a new voting rights act so that every single person’s v…
 Democratic Presidential contender, Beto O’Rourke, takes the stage at his town hall event at the Irish Cultural Center in…
 To large applause in San Francisco, Beto O’Rourke calls for a ban on all new oil and gas leasing on federal lands and an…
  O’Rourke is taking questions from the audience in San Francisco. 
We need universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care so every person in this country can see a doctor, afford their prescriptions, and get the care they need to live to their full potential. 
 Up close listening to now at the United Irish Cultural Center in San Francisco!  
 The line to get inside the  event in San Francisco is wrapped around a few corners already. Doors open at 11:30…
 Went to see  today in downtown LA. Impressive. Powerful words, humility, and kindness. Took the time to shak…
 Según el precandidato demócrata una reforma migratoria es necesaria en Estados Unidos.Mira aquí la entrevista…
“In a speech that went back and forth between Spanish and English, O’Rourke emphasized immigration, healthcare, the environment, gun control — and his differences with Trump. He also positioned himself as someone who can unite a fractured country.” 
We send our thoughts and our prayers and our wishes but we will also back that up with our actions to achieve universal background checks without loopholes or exceptions and ensure that weapons of war are no longer sold into our schools, places of worship, and communities. 
 El precandidato está confiado de que podría ganarle a Trump si se enfrenta a él por la presidencia. Nos dice por…
 Hoy en Noticiero Univision la primera entrevista de Beto O’Rourke para un medio Latino. Toda la entrevista fue en españ…

Very grateful for such an energizing welcome to California! Excited to start our trip across the state with a visit to Los Angeles tonight. Next up: San Francisco in the morning. We’ll see you at the Irish Cultural Center at 11:30. 
 "When we were $21 TRILLION in debt, had millions who had no health care, had underfunded our schools—that our answer to that…
 rallies in    is the first stop for his  campaign trip  ht…
At a time when some would want us to be defined and divided by our differences, we will instead be known by our confidence, our strength, our common values, and the big, bold, ambitious things we are committed to achieving together. 
Heartbroken by the gun violence at Chabad of Poway synagogue on the last day of Passover. I stand with our Jewish neighbors and their freedom to practice their faith without fear. We must act now to end this hatred and gun violence. May the memories of those lost be a blessing.
See you soon! 4:00 at the LA Trade–Technical College. 
 "The maternal mortality crisis in this country [is] 3 TIMES as deadly for women of color...We have to confront and squarely…
 At today's  in Las Vegas, long-time  leader Terrence Wise shares his story with and ask…
 "When we invest in the American worker, we're also investing in their families. We're also investing in this country.
  embraces the idea of improving broadband internet access in rural places in America, including Nevada.
 On wages and working people, says the living wage should be $15/hr ("one job should be enough"…
  takes the stage to speak the proud members and leaders of at the National Forum on Wages and Working…
 LIVESTREAM: in Las Vegas at the National Forum on Wages and Working People WATCH LIVE→
 TAKING THE STAGE NOW: is at the  to share his plans for a fairer economy and how he plans to addre…
Excited to be back in Fort Worth on Friday night! Hope to see you there. RSVP —&gt; 
  entrevistó en exclusiva y en español al candidato demócrata Te esperamos con ellos este domingo…
Join us in LA!🔵Today, 4:00🔵LA Trade–Technical College🔵Everyone is welcome RSVP here:  
We must protect Social Security for all Americans and ensure it is there for our kids and future generations. Let’s start by signing into law the Social Security 2100 Act. 
Great opportunity to meet with, listen to, and learn from the Nevada Immigration Coalition. Impressed by their dedication to securing progress on every issue — not only immigration but also health care, the environment, education, justice reform, workers’ rights and civil rights. 
“In a speech that covered topics from health care to immigration, gun violence and the minimum wage, Beto O’Rourke called on the nation to return to the original idea that made America great: that all are created equal.” 
 My (not so) mini me met today. 
 Happy to meet who told me there are members at every stop he makes, and he appreciates everythin…
Really appreciate the UNLV students who joined us for today’s town hall discussion. This is where the leadership is on so many critically important issues. We are stronger when we show up on campuses, when we listen, and when we bring everyone into the conversation. 
 Thank you to for stopping by the office in Carson City to talk with the Northern Nevada labor c…
“O’Rourke is on his second visit to Nevada this week since announcing his campaign. He spoke and answered questions on immigration, education, economic opportunity and equality, climate change, universal health care, gerrymandering, and money in politics.” 
Let us forever free Dreamers from any fear of deportation by making them citizens today, bring their parents and millions more out of the shadows, honor our asylum laws, never again take another child from another parent, and reunite every family that has been separated so far. 
We'll be in California tomorrow and are looking forward to seeing you at the Los Angeles Trade–Technical College. Doors open at 4:00. Everyone is welcome. 
“O’Rourke focused on climate change and immigration. The crowd welcomed his pledges to wipe out student loan debt and end the war on drugs, and praised his proposals to end gerrymandering, enact a $15 minimum wage and offer paid family leave to all” 
We must overcome the institutional racism in our democracy by signing into law a new Voting Rights Act that ends gerrymandering, gets big money out of politics, enacts automatic and same-day voter registration, and ensures equitable access to the ballot box. 
Energizing day with so many great people across Reno and Carson City. Take a look at some of our favorite photos from today’s town halls: 
Big thanks to the group in Carson City for joining us at our town hall ; to Gather Restaurant for hosting. An important discussion on health care, immigration, strengthening our unions, expanding voting rights, ; ensuring the census truly counts everyone without discrimination. 
 Democratic presidential candidate  steps up to speak to supporters in a Carson City restaurant Thursday on a…
Universal, guaranteed, high quality health care for every person in this country not only means primary health care but it means access to mental health care too. 
 “That one job should be enough, you shouldn’t have to work two or three just to make ends meet...” 
Launched our return to Nevada with a Reno town hall. Grateful for the discussion on investing more in education, protecting the environment, expanding our commitment to renewable energy, making housing affordable ; following the lead of young people to accomplish our full agenda. 
 “Healthcare means every woman makes her own choices when it comes to her body.” Presidential candidate Beto O’Rourke speakin…
 Thanks for coming to Reno and standing up the gun lobby!! 
 Thank you for coming to Reno 
Reno! Thank you to everyone in the overflow section for joining today’s town hall discussion at the University of Nevada. 
Tenemos que darle la ciudadanía a DREAMERS. Yo les prometo que voy a luchar por nuestros jóvenes pero también voy a luchar por sus padres, y así juntos podemos seguir luchando por el sueño americano y lograr una reforma migratoria comprensiva. 
Hope you'll join us today at 10:00 in Reno (Bibo Coffee Company, 945 N Record St) and 1:30 in Carson City (Gather Carson City, 402 North Carson St). See you soon! 
We will raise the minimum wage, finally achieve equal pay, and ban discrimination in the workplace. But that alone is not going to be enough -- we also need an Equal Rights Amendment ratified in this country. 
Excited to be back in Nevada, and hope you'll join us Thursday at:➡10:00 in Reno (Bibo Coffee Company, 945 N Record St)➡1:30 in Carson City (Gather Carson City, 402 North Carson St)Everyone is welcome.
 True to form, is eloquently pointing to  as a model for the nation on how an international communit…
Grateful for the opportunity to join the discussion at the forum and to follow the example of women of color across the country who have not only secured hard fought, transformational change but continue leading the way on overcoming the challenges still before us.
 Talking about restoring voting rights for incarcerated individuals and institutional racism with 
 “I want to acknowledge that a minimum wage is not going to be enough when it comes to women of color - we also need an E…
 Dreamers should be made full citizens.   
  kicks things off with a question on voting rights to "We have to overcome the institutional…
 LIVE: 2020 presidential candidates participate in the  forum. 
Big thanks to Captain Drew and his team at United for getting us from El Paso to Houston for the presidential forum. 
An all-time honor to return to Paul Quinn College and join the graduating class who continues to be our example of the leadership we see in young people across America who are already guiding us on overcoming every challenge our country faces. 
 The countdown begins! ⏳Only 10 Days until our    where 2020 presidential candi…
Looking forward to being back in Nevada. Hope to see you in Reno and Carson City tomorrow. 
We must reassert our leadership on the world stage and ensure that this country does not start yet another war before every peaceful, diplomatic, nonviolent alternative is explored and pursued. 
Thank you for your leadership. And thanks to all of the young people in NH and across the country who are taking the lead on protecting voting rights. 
Looking forward to being back in Nevada this week! Join us in Reno and Carson City on Thursday, Las Vegas and Henderson on Friday. 
On Earth Day and each day following, let’s organize an historic effort to free this country from a dependence on greenhouse gas emissions, invest in the technology and renewable energy jobs that speed the transition, and reassert our global leadership before it’s too late. 
Fortunate to have Lauren and Tyler leading the way on the ground in South Carolina as we continue to meet with, listen to, and learn from everyone across the state. 
Our justice system is not just. We must confront the true legacy of slavery, segregation, and suppression -- of how people have been criminalized and kept down based on their race and ethnicity. Here are some steps we will take: 
Don’t need to wait until tomorrow on this. The law is wrong. It must be overturned. And we must enact a new Voting Rights Act so every person is able to cast their vote, have their voice heard, fully participate in our democracy. 
These acts of terror against Christians in Sri Lanka are unspeakably tragic. Our hearts are with the victims and their families. We owe them our commitment to making our world a place where no family lives in fear of persecution because of how they worship.
Wishing you a very happy Easter Sunday. 
20 years after Columbine, we must follow the lead of the students marching for our lives and the moms demanding action. We will adopt universal background checks and ensure weapons of war are kept on the battlefield and are no longer sold into our communities.
“O’Rourke said the influence of money can be seen in the criminal justice system, because people are jailed for using non-addictive drugs like marijuana, but Purdue Pharma executives who had a hand in marketing dangerous opioids are not serving jail time.” 
To those who are preparing to celebrate Passover, we're wishing you a meaningful festival of freedom.
We need universal background checks in this country. No more loopholes, no more exceptions. This is common sense, supported by most Americans, and will save lives in our communities. 
Thank you to John Burns and the leaders of for letting me spend time with you today, listening and learning about the critical work you're doing to save lives, combat and reduce the stigma of addiction, and foster connection to community through peer-based recovery.
Very grateful for the time Mr. Shaheen took this afternoon over coffee at Harvey’s Bakery to share his wisdom, leadership, and ideas with us as we continue returning to New Hampshire to hold town halls and house parties with those we want to serve. 
We know that for certain Russia launched an unprecedented, coordinated attack on our democracy. And instead of investigating, Trump is doing all he can to undercut the Mueller report. The American people are owed all the facts. If you agree, join us.
Trump has consistently put his own well-being before that of the American people and has repeatedly violated the most sacred tenets of our democracy in pursuit of wealth and power. We must work together now and defeat Trump in 2020.
We know that for certain Russia launched an unprecedented, coordinated attack on our democracy. And instead of investigating, Trump is doing all he can to undercut the Mueller report. The American people are owed all the facts. If you agree, join us.
Trump has consistently put his own well-being before that of the American people and has repeatedly violated the most sacred tenets of our democracy in pursuit of wealth and power. We must work together now and defeat Trump in 2020.
We know that for certain Russia launched an unprecedented, coordinated attack on our democracy. And instead of investigating, Trump is doing all he can to undercut the Mueller report. The American people are owed all the facts. If you agree, join us.
Trump has consistently put his own well-being before that of the American people and has repeatedly violated the most sacred tenets of our democracy in pursuit of wealth and power. We must work together now and defeat Trump in 2020.
Grateful for the opportunity to bring everyone together for a town hall in the Rainbow City this morning. Somersworth continues to lead the way as a community that welcomes everyone, works to treat everyone with respect, and understands that our diversity makes us stronger. 
This is a campaign that will go everywhere to talk to everyone — to listen, learn, share our vision, and bring us together to achieve it. This morning, it’s a town hall in Somersworth. 
 So glad to have been able to meet you today at NCC Thank you for speaking with me! 
This democracy was under direct attack from a foreign power. There must be accountability and justice. No person is above the law regardless of how high their position of power is. We’ve got to defend this democracy from any further interference going forward. 
Grateful to be joined throughout NH today by -- a friend, my partner on the House Veterans Affairs Committee, an unwavering champion for the Granite State, and a leader on so many issues that are critically important to everyone across our country. 
On the campus of Nashua Community College this evening with students, faculty, and members of the community for a town hall to end our first day back in New Hampshire. 
 Great to introduce my good friend today and welcome him to New Hampshire’s first-in-the-nation presidenti…
 Welcome back to NH, It was great to meet you.  
Enjoyed being back in Concord for a town hall at Gibson’s Bookstore this afternoon. Appreciate everyone who joined us and took part in the discussion. 
 A full house for at - comments focused on support for Veterans and the environment.
 In Derry, NH  got some serious applause for paid family leave, saying that the nation should follow in NH’s foot…
Let us commit to achieving nothing less than full equality and full civil rights for every American. 
Great to have the opportunity to take questions from leaders at the NH Next Summit for Young Changemakers this morning. 
Our campaign is about taking power back from corporations and wealthy lobbyists and putting it back in the hands of people. That is why we want to hear from you. Use that power, take our survey, and help shape this campaign.
I am committed to uplifting the voice of every American, regardless of their yearly income, the industry they work in, or their ability to buy influence. Add your voice to our movement by taking our survey.
Our campaign is about taking power back from corporations and wealthy lobbyists and putting it back in the hands of people. That is why we want to hear from you. Use that power, take our survey, and help shape this campaign.
 Good morning New Hampshire. Beto is kicking off his first of three stops today in Derry. Packed coffee shop.  
 Round Table with  WOMEN LEADERS talking with Presidential Candidate, Thank you for sharing your visi…
Our campaign is about taking power back from corporations and wealthy lobbyists and putting it back in the hands of people. That is why we want to hear from you. Use that power, take our survey, and help shape this campaign.
Our campaign is about taking power back from corporations and wealthy lobbyists and putting it back in the hands of people. That is why we want to hear from you. Use that power, take our survey, and help shape this campaign.
I am committed to uplifting the voice of every American, regardless of their yearly income, the industry they work in, or their ability to buy influence. Add your voice to our movement by taking our survey.
I am committed to uplifting the voice of every American, regardless of their yearly income, the industry they work in, or their ability to buy influence. Add your voice to our movement by taking our survey.
Our campaign is about taking power back from corporations and wealthy lobbyists and putting it back in the hands of people. That is why we want to hear from you. Use that power, take our survey, and help shape this campaign.
I am committed to uplifting the voice of every American, regardless of their yearly income, the industry they work in, or their ability to buy influence. Add your voice to our movement by taking our survey.
Our campaign is about taking power back from corporations and wealthy lobbyists and putting it back in the hands of people. That is why we want to hear from you. Use that power, take our survey, and help shape this campaign.
Back in New Hampshire with a morning town hall in Derry. Thanks for the questions on foreign affairs, health care, immigration, how we return power to people instead of PACs, and how we ensure there is once again civility and decency in our politics. 
We are going to meet the division, the hatred, the smallness and paranoia by bringing people together to overcome the greatest set of challenges we’ve faced. The only way to do this is to do it together. 
Back in New Hampshire today. Join us for town halls in:🚙Derry at 8:30 (The Grind Rail Trail Cafe)🚙Concord at 3:30 (Gibson's Bookstore)🚙Nashua at 6:00 (Nashua Community College)Everyone is welcome.
"O'Rourke spoke about equal pay, eliminating discrimination, healthcare for all, paid family leave and decriminalizing marijuana possession in his speech, before he took questions from the audience. He also spoke about immigration." 
"Bills such as SB9 are voter suppression efforts, pure and simple. A way to intimidate the growing number of potential voters, including minorities and young people" Texans, call your state Rep. and tell them to oppose voter suppression efforts like SB9.
On the way back to New Hampshire! Looking forward to seeing you soon. 
 John is 9 years old and traveled with his Mom to Virginia from Raleigh North Carolina to meet He listed…
The are our heroes. Thanks for joining today’s town hall. 
 Great to welcome to Alexandria today and learn more about his vision for the future of our country. 
 It's the first day of spring break so we headed out to Northern VA to ... a town hall to highlight health ca…
Grateful for the welcome to Virginia and for everyone who joined us at one of our 10 town halls during the trip. See you again soon! 
  Town Hall Meeting in Alexandria, VA – LIVE on C-SPAN  
Closing out two days across Virginia with a town hall in Alexandria! 
 Thanks for stopping by  to talk to us and hear about the issues that matter the most to us!…
 Thank you for discussing transportation funding with and me this afternoon in Prince William County!…
 , candidato demócrata para la elecciones presidenciales 2020 ! Usa 
As critically important as 2020 is, what we do in the 2019 elections will set the stage. Thanks to the Fairfax County Democrats and those working on the ground across Virginia for leading the way. 
Grateful to have the opportunity to join a discussion with dedicated elected officials, candidates, and champions for Prince William County. Appreciate you not only sharing your ideas but also your leadership, perspective, and vision for the future of this community and country. 
Big thanks to House of Delegates candidate and everyone who joined us for our morning town hall. Really thoughtful questions about how we work together on the community, state, and national levels to overcome the greatest set of challenges we’ve faced. 
 What an amazing event with and in Fredericksburg! 
 Thanks for swinging by  and campaigning with us today!!! ✊🏾  
In order for everyone to live to their full potential, we must address inequities in our country — in health care, education, the economy, and our justice system. 
“He said he wants background checks on firearm purchases, an end to the war on drugs, the return home of troops from overseas warfare, and to focus on addressing climate change. He decried a Trump policy that led to more than 2,000 children being separated from their parents”
“Beto O’Rourke made six campaign stops in Virginia on Tuesday, becoming the first declared Democrat seeking to replace President Donald Trump to bring the 2020 presidential race to Virginia.” 
“O’Rourke educated the audience about his plans to introduce universal health care, criminal justice reform, changes to the immigration system ; stricter gun control. The democratic presidential hopeful also hashed out his plans to mitigate climate change” 
Let us not just end the prohibition of marijuana and expunge the records of those arrested solely for possession but let us also end cash bail, prisons for profit, mandatory minimums, and the schoolhouse to jailhouse pipeline. 
 Thank you for visiting Henrico, but most importantly, thank you for listening to all of us. I will never, ever…
UVA, you inspired and energized us tonight. Thank you to those in the auditorium and everyone lining the hallways in the overflow area who asked questions, shared ideas, and hung out to say hello afterwards. 
  greets the overflow crowd at UVA before going into the smaller lecture hall where he’ll give his remarks 
 The lecture hall was too small!Presidential candidate speaks about the importance of young voters to a fu…
We will sign the Equality Act into law and fight to end LGBTQ discrimination in this country. 
 Students are overflowing out of the auditorium at Nau Hall to hear Democratic presidential candidate Beto O’Rourke speak at UVA.…
Henrico! Really appreciate everyone coming out for a town hall. Looking forward to working together in this campaign and delivering on the critically important agenda we’ve set for one another and this country. 
 thank you for discussing public education. Great to see so many young people getting involved in this discourse…
 Thank you for being the first 2020 candidate to come to the VA 7th! Great to hear you speak and to have you…
 The campaign stopped at today. His major points were on border security, educ., ; health care.…
Universal, guaranteed, high quality health care means everyone gets primary health care, mental health care — and universal also means every woman makes her own decisions about her own body. 
Our two-day drive across Virginia continued with a town hall at William ; Mary. Thanks to all the students and members of the Williamsburg community who contributed their ideas to this people-powered campaign. 
“O'Rourke spoke on a number of issues including immigration, climate change and universal healthcare. More than 400 people listened to O'Rourke as he answered questions and also talked about racial equity.” 
  ‘Those primarily arrested for marijuana use are men ; women of color. Not only must we end the federal p…
 Packed house at the Vanguard to see this morning! Hampton Roads is fired up! 
  arrives at William ; Mary wearing a W;M cap 
 VIDEO: Look at that line. students, locals are making their way to campus to meet presidential candidate Bet…
 WATCH LIVE: Presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke speaks at  
Great seeing everyone in Hampton this morning for a town hall. Thanks to all of the Hampton University student leaders who joined us and took part in the discussion. 
12 years after the horrific Virginia Tech shooting, we are together in Virginia committing to universal background checks and decreasing gun violence in our schools, our communities, and our country. 
 Nothing like starting the day with a run on the boardwalk with We talked about our shared concern for the…
 Went to Charlie’s American Cafe in Norfolk, VA  to see ⁦⁦⁦ Knowledgeable, genuine, and inspirational.  
  is now taking questions from the audience.  
 began his visit in Hampton by welcoming Hampton University, president of HU young dems, and the HU brothers of…
“O’Rourke launched into the need for Medicaid expansion. He also said teachers shouldn't be working 3 jobs to survive. He emphasized women should be paid the same as men. He also spoke of climate change and mentioned the devastating floods that hit NC.” 
  making his way across Hampton Roads today. His next stop is here in Hampton. Line starting to form outsid…
 Big crowd here at the Vanguard in Hampton to see  
 Just pulled up to The Vanguard Brewpub and Distillery here in Hampton and there is already a line around the facility wa…
So great to see everyone at Charlie’s this morning for a town hall in Norfolk. Enjoyed taking questions on health care, LGBTQ equality, justice reform, the Equal Rights Amendment, national debt, global warming, and how we can campaign in a way that fights for everyone. 
 just saw in Norfolk!! he’s got my vote!! thanks for coming out!   
 Was excited to shake this guy’s hand this morning. Welcome to Norfolk, 
 is the first 2020 candidate to Virginia. Welcome to Norfolk!! 
 Packed house as the crowd awaits at Charlie’s Cafe in    Learn m…
Beautiful morning for a run along the boardwalk in Virginia Beach with Thanks for bringing a great group together and for sharing your leadership and vision on how we protect the environment, keep our schools safe, and invest in small businesses. 
Driving from NC to VA, and looking forward to seeing you Tuesday in: 🚙Norfolk at 8:30 (Charlie’s American Cafe)🚙Hampton at 10:30 (Vanguard Brewpub)🚙Williamsburg at 1:30 (William ; Mary, Trinkle Hall)🚙Richmond at 4:30 (12042 W Broad St)🚙Charlottesville at 7:30 (Nau Hall)
“O’Rourke called for a fast pivot away from fossil fuels towards renewable energy and rejoining the Paris accord. He called for changes to immigration policy. He also called for universal health care, a higher minimum wage and universal background checks.”
 ¡Estamos con Beto! ¡Si se puede!My sister, nephew ; I at town hall in Greensboro, NC.  
 MOTIVATION 👏🏾  
 So fired up after this event with Beto. I’m ready to go knocking of some doors for this man. He “is the real deal” 😊. 
 A little bit of Texas in Carolina! An honor to hear speak today in Chapel Hill Keep Repping Texas! Vamos B…
UNC! Great to be with you in Chapel Hill. 
 So honored and privileged to have had the chance to meet Democratic contender . Thank you for answering my…
 Presidential Candidate came to NC! We  covered it with ;
 Thanks to for answering my question about how we can empower the youth. 
  arrives in Chapel Hill for his final stop in North Carolina today 
 Packed crowd for  at  —he clearly knows his audience at the beginning here  
  making his way across North Carolina today. Here’s the line outside of an event on the UNC campus. 
 Line to get into talk, and it loops around the corner way more 
So many great people joining together inside and outside of Natty Greene’s for a town hall about education, health care, immigration, justice reform, climate change, the opioid epidemic, and our country’s foreign policy. Thanks for the discussion during our visit to Greensboro. 
 Presidential Candidate at in 
 It’s a beautiful day in Greensboro for a stump speech!  
 My mom saw at Natty Greene’s in Greensboro, NC today!  
 More pictures of at in 
Great being at Lexington Barbecue for a bipartisan lunchtime conversation with Mayor Newell Clark and members of the Lexington City Council. 
 Some corroborating data on a point makes all the time on the stump: you think the refugee situation at borde…
Rename Tillman Hall and remove his statute from outside the Statehouse. 
Beautiful day in Charlotte for our first town hall in NC. Thanks to all of the students and everyone in the community who spent their morning with us as we took questions about justice reform, health care, LGBTQ equality, DACA, higher education, and reducing gun violence. 
 So excited to hear and meet today in Charlotte.  He spoke very honestly about so many of the issues f…
 Exciting to hear Beto speak In Charlotte, NC today. He brings positive energy, hopefulness, and determination for the future.…
 On his presidential campaign trail is holding a town hall meeting to a crowd of mostly students on the lawn…
 HAPPENING NOW: 2020 Democratic candidate Beto O'Rourke campaigns in Charlotte, North Carolina. 
 At rally near uptown, touching on several local issues:  officer-involved shootings, bathroom bill, gerrymanderi…
 Beto addressee a crowd at CPCC in Charlotte NC. 
 "We do not lack for resources, we lack the political will to make the changes needed."- 
The extraordinary, unprecedented concentration of wealth and power we see today must be broken apart if we want to achieve a real democracy. That is why we are taking on special interests and the powerful few. Can we count on you to join us?
Every person must see a future for themselves in this country. But the extraordinary concentration of wealth and power we see today threatens that vision. That is why we must tackle inequality head on. Join us if you agree.
For so long, our economy has been about hoarding wealth, concentrating profits, and robbing America of our most sacred belief: that with enough hard work anyone can make a home here. We believe that our economy should work for everyone. Join us if you agree.
We know that our economy only works when it works for everyone and our campaign is fighting to make sure every person in America has the opportunity to flourish. Join us by adding your name.
Our ability to run a campaign for and by the people is what will bring us together, not just in defeating President Trump, but in finding real solutions to the problems facing every American. This is your campaign. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
We’re running this campaign without PACs or corporations because our goal is not only to defeat Trump, but to find real solutions to the problems Americans face. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
I want to know what matters to you – what comes up at the dinner table, what keeps you up at night, and what is most important to you and your family. This campaign is for all of us. Take our survey.
This is a campaign about all of us – not just those who can buy access and influence. That is why I want to hear from you. Take our survey and tell us what you care about.
North Carolina! Hope to see you across the state today in:➡Charlotte at 9:00 (Central Piedmont Community College, Overcash Center)➡Greensboro at 12:30 (Natty Greene’s)➡Chapel Hill at 3:00 (UNC's Great Hall)Everyone is welcome.
🔵1 month🔵11 states🔵83 events🔵19 schools🔵3,791 miles driven🔵476 questions answered🔵$0.00 from PACsWe launched this people-powered campaign one month ago. Proud of what we've already accomplished together and ready to continue the grassroots work necessary to win. 
 It was such an honor to meet today at Clemson. What a wonderful man with such optimism for this country. Thank y…
 attended my first campaign rally ever today and it did not disappoint. Thank you for coming to speak at C…
 Canvassed in a blizzard in northern Illinois for My feet were soaked but I was determined to make a difference…
 What an energetic crowd in Clemson this afternoon for   
 thank you for meeting us!  
 on the legalization of marijuana and prison reform @ Clemson 
Our second trip to SC ends with a town hall in Clemson. Questions on education, renewable energy, resources for veterans, justice reform, and rewriting campaign finance laws. Big thanks to everyone who joined us as we drove across the state. Looking forward to being back soon. 
Let’s organize our country around an historic effort to free this economy from a dependence on greenhouse gas emissions, invest in the technologies and jobs in renewable energy that will speed the transition, and reassert our leadership on the world stage before it’s too late. 
 Housing affordability is not exclusive to urban areas and city centers--it's affecting rural america, too. I will contin…
 “The rhetoric that he employs, the language that he uses, does not just offend our ears or our sensibilities - there’s a…
 proposes the students follow footsteps to bring about the renaming of Tillman Hall, a pressing…
 Just attended my first campaign rally and I’m so glad it was for I’ve got high hopes!  
 Annnd Beto O’Rourke enters his rally to “Eye of the Tiger” wearing a Clemson Tigers hat. Majority of the crowd…
We’re going to invest in a world-class Pre-k through 12 public education system and ensure that we’re finally paying our educators a living wage. 
Great to be on campus at Clemson for an afternoon town hall! 
 Clemson crowd awaiting to hear from ... here covering his second trip to S.C.  since announcing his run…
Visiting the African American History Monument w/ We must confront the legacy ; consequences of slavery, segregation, ; the continuing suppression of our fellow Americans. It’s the only way we will begin to repair the damage done ; avoid injustices moving forward. 
Clemson! On the way to our town hall. Hope to see you in the Fike Recreation Center at 3:00. Everyone is welcome. 
Beautiful Sunday brunch with Minority Leader Megan Pinckney, and their family. Really inspired by their leadership, strength, and vision as they bring change to South Carolina by bringing the people of South Carolina together to achieve it. 
Deeply grateful for the opportunity to join Pastor Jackson Sr., his family, and the congregation of Brookland Baptist Church. A community that is meeting every challenge with energy ; joy that reminds us of the unparalleled power of people coming together to fight the good fight. 
“Beto O’Rourke visited the Lowcountry Friday night. The 2020 Presidential candidate took the time to talk about key issues in our country including immigration, reproductive rights, and healthcare.” 
 Beto O’Rourke talks a lot about going “everywhere” - this Saturday afternoon it’s Vorhees College, a small HBCU in rural Den…
Thank you to everyone who knocked on doors today across the country and introduced this campaign to their community. Very grateful for your work. If you want to join a canvass tomorrow, find one near you at  
Energizing dinner discussion in Columbia with campus Democratic leaders from across the state. Grateful for the ideas, perspective, and leadership on all of the most urgent challenges this country faces. Looking forward to working together in the months and years ahead. 
Just wrapped up a town hall in Denmark, SC on the campus of Voorhees College, home to 434 students. Engaging questions on health care, lowering the cost of prescription drugs, ending inequality in education ; the economy, investing in veteran resources ; decreasing gun violence. 
 In Denmark, (losing his voice again) says he’s trying to get to rural areas like this that “have been overloo…
 Nice to run into on my run a few minutes ago. Enjoy your time in Charleston! 
 We really enjoyed hearing  speak this morning and of course meeting him. M is all in. Thank you Beto, Dorchest…
An honor to be with Ms. Louise Brown and today at the 50th Anniversary of the MUSC Hospital Strike. Two great leaders who are doing incredible on-the-ground work for communities across this state. 
Marching together on the 50th Anniversary of the MUSC Hospital Strike. Not only a reminder of the heroic women who led the civil rights movement ; forced the necessary change in our country but a commitment to doing the work ahead to secure equity, justice ; civil rights for all. 
The president’s actions are an incitement to violence against Rep. Omar and Muslim Americans across the country. There is a cost and consequence to this rhetoric. Members of both parties must stand together and condemn the president's dangerous actions. 
 Presidential hopeful Beto O’Rourke meets strikers Vera Smalls-Singleton, Louise Brown, and the families of the 12 hospital work…
 Here is the video of in SC, where he condemns Trump’s tweet. “This is an incitement to violence against…
Started the weekend with a town hall in Ladson where we came together for a conversation about voting rights, justice reform, the environment, protecting Dreamers, and housing affordability. Thanks for joining us. 
 In opening remarks this morning at town hall in Ladson, South Carolina, brought up the Trump 9/11 video, de…
“O’Rourke discussed his views on immigration, speaking in Spanish at times...O’Rourke advocated for public education reform, explaining the need to pay teachers a living wage and improve retirement programs in states like South Carolina and Texas.” 
 “I want to prevent any offshore drilling off the coast of South Carolina,” says in response to a question about…
Incredibly honored to have the endorsement, wisdom, and leadership of State Rep. Marvin Pendarvis as we build our grassroots campaign to fight for everyone in South Carolina and everyone in the United States of America. Very grateful. 
We’re organizing across the country today as we start knocking on doors and doing the work necessary to win this election. Join a grassroots event near you this weekend: 
 Thanks for coming to Beaufort County ! We had a HUGE turnout in Bluffton. We look forward to having you back…
 2020 Presidential Candidate Beto O’Rourke making his first stop in Beaufort Co. — Over 700 people arrived to hear the Dem…
 Great meeting tonight. I’m a fan! 
We are stronger than this president’s hatred and Islamophobia. Do not let him drive us apart or make us afraid.
Great to be back in South Carolina! Enjoyed starting our trip off with a town hall in Bluffton. Thanks for the questions on reducing gun violence, getting the backs of our public school teachers, reasserting our leadership role on the global stage, and uniting this country. 
Thanks to the Lowcountry Immigration Coalition for an informative conversation at La Isla Magazine in Hilton Head. We recommitted to ensuring Dreamers are made citizens, protecting TPS, and rewriting our immigration laws so they reflect our values. 
Excited to be launching our 50-state voter contact program this weekend but it’ll only be successful if everyone gets involved. Join us at an event, start knocking on doors, and begin the on-the-ground work necessary to win this election.Find an event:  
On our way back to South Carolina. Hope to see you in:🚙Bluffton today at 5 (H.E. McCracken Middle School Gym)🚙Ladson Saturday at 9:30 (Gilligan's Seafood Restaurant)🚙Denmark Saturday at 3 (Massachusetts Hall, Voorhees College)🚙Clemson Sunday at 3 (Fike Recreation Center)
Have plans this weekend? We're going to be knocking on doors across the country as we continue to hit the ground running. It's going to take all of us talking to voters in all 50 states to build a winning grassroots campaign. Find a canvass near you here:  
Our diversity is our strength. Proud of Houston and communities across Texas for being the example at a time when some would want us to be defined and divided by our differences. 
Whether a synagogue shooting or mosques ; black churches burning to the ground, we must confront the hatred, racism, Islamophobia ; anti-Semitism growing in our country. We'll support one another. We'll rebuild. And we'll recommit to combatting the rise of hate crimes in America. 
See you Friday, Bluffton!
Why is Congress voting to make it harder ; more expensive for Americans to do their taxes? Follow the money. Special interests, PACs, ; corporations continue to purchase legislation like this. It's time to put people over PACs, country over corporations. 
Looking forward to being back in South Carolina on Friday for a three-day visit to the state. Hope to see you at one of our town halls. 
"O'Rourke's relentless campaign carried over into his second trip to Iowa. The former congressman made 6 stops in the Des Moines metro Saturday. His 12-hour day began and ended in Des Moines — after roughly 6 hours of stump speeches and voter questions." 
Our thoughts are with the families of the three service members killed today in Afghanistan.
"O’Rourke called for a united front among parties in order to find solutions to large-scale problems such as immigration and climate change while laying out ideas for how he will address education debt, health care, and voting rights."
Really enjoyed being back in Iowa:➡4 days➡10 counties➡843 miles driven➡23 events across the state➡6 neighborhood house parties in 12 hours➡46 questions answered from voters Saturday aloneTake a look at one day on the trail ⬇ 
Let's unite ; do everything in our power to elect a president who will not allow her or his DHS Secretary to separate families, tear gas kids,put children in desert tent camps, inflict irreversible damage not only on our fellow human beings but on the  conscience of this country.
Here's what a day on this people powered, grassroots campaign looks like ⬇️ 
Really great to be on campus this morning for our final town hall of this trip. See you again soon. 
Thanks for an energizing return to IA. With 4days that included 17 town halls, 6 neighborhood parties ; 5 schools, we were able to continue meeting with everyone, listening to everyone ; learning from everyone as we commit to the work necessary to serving everyone in our country. 
 Qs to on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict; vetting for Supreme Court judges; taxation of ex pat American…
 Glad I got a chance to hear speak in  today and spend time with some fierce mujeres. 
  covers Israel-Palestine conflict, said, "If we really care about the safety or the dignity of every Israeli or…
 has arrived at a ballroom at the in Iowa City.    
 Thank you, for meeting with some of our UDems this morning! 
  on stage at the University of Iowa's Memorial Union. Several hundred folks in the room. 
 we enjoyed having you here in Des Moines!! As two social workers we absolutely loved hearing your plans to cha…
Sunday morning breakfast 
Thanks for spending your day volunteering with us! 
University of Iowa! Heading your way. See you in the Iowa Memorial Union at 11:30. Everyone is welcome. 
Closing out an unforgettable Saturday across the Des Moines area with our sixth neighborhood house party. Grateful for the opportunity to spend today with so many amazing people, to answer questions, hear ideas, learn from one another, and commit to doing all of this together. 
 Jokingly asked if he thinks wind turbines cause cancer, says “I don’t think that wind turbines cause cance…
 You guys... I met !!!   
 Nice to meet today on the South Side! Thanks to and 
Des Moines for the 5th neighborhood party of the day. Talking about strengthening unions, reestablishing our role as a leader abroad, addressing poverty, getting the backs of our educators, ; ending private prisons, mandatory minimums, and the federal prohibition on marijuana. 
 Iowa perks: hanging with in someone’s front yard. 💙   
 Lovely to finally see in person after following his Senate campaign online, just a block from home in a ne…
  says house parties like these, this is his 5th in Iowa today, are like the town halls he held as a congress…
Enjoyed being outside on a beautiful day in Des Moines for our fourth neighborhood party. A conversation on how we're going to protect our communities from gun violence, achieve equal pay, pass paid family leave, and make higher education more affordable and accessible. 
 It's a great day to hang out in a yard with He tells us to cast off our divisions and "define ourselves by our…
 “When we are divided we just don’t have a chance to make it.” Listening to today gives me hope for America. htt…
  starting his 4th Des Moines-area house party of the day. Has met two Iowans in past two events who gradua…
Thanks to Abby for having us at Drake Diner! Raspberry pie, bread pudding, chocolate milkshake, and coffee -- all excellent. 
West Des Moines for our third neighborhood house party of the day. Thanks for the opportunity to answer questions on trade, foreign policy, voting rights, immigration, gerrymandering, homelessness, and achieving universal health care as quickly as possible. Great to see everyone! 
 Always great to have another Texan in Polk County — especially when they’re a Democrat! Huge thanks to for do…
 Welcome to HD43 Thanks for making West Des Moines one of your stops on your tour today. 
Polk City! Thanks for hosting our second neighborhood house party of the day. Enjoyed the conversation about reforming our justice system, achieving universal health care, ensuring no child goes hungry, and investing in access to clean water for every community. 
 In Polk City, answers in both Spanish ; English a question that was presented in both of what’s the bigges…
Fritz Hollings committed his life to unwavering service. To our country, to his state, to students, to moms and kids, to the little guy and the little gal who knew they had a fighter, a champion, a voice in him. Thinking of our friends in SC. 
Really great getting the chance to talk to you, Mo. Thanks for coming over to say hello. 
Great start to the day with our first Des Moines house party discussing renewable energy, public education, infrastructure, and how we meet the challenges before us by overcoming divisions and working together. 
 House party in the burbs of Des Moines as hits six locations at these types of events today. He opened w an…
12 hours, 6 neighborhood house parties. Spending today taking questions from communities across the Des Moines area. Looking forward to meeting you! 
"O’Rourke shared policy ideas with the audience. He called for more investment in public education across the country and for national and international action to reduce and reverse the effects of climate change. He said he supports strengthening unions" 
The fourth campus of this road trip and the fourth town hall of our day brought us to Grinnell. A great discussion on justice reform, housing, LGBTQ equality, health care, immigration, and combatting climate change. 
 Beto enters after an amazing introduction from Campus Dems Co-Chair Allie! 
"He began his speech by talking directly to Iowa farmers about the hit they're taking because of the flooding. He also specifically touched on educators. He believes the foundation of our country begins with our children and the education system." 
Beautiful day for a town hall outside on the lawn of the historic Mowry Irvine Mansion. Great way to start the weekend with you in Marshalltown. 
Thanks to the campus news team at 88.1-KICB for the interview at our Fort Dodge town hall. 
We were in Fort Dodge this afternoon for a town hall at Iowa Central Community College. Grateful that everyone would spend some of their Friday afternoon working together to overcome the many challenges before us. 
Really enjoyed our first visit to Sioux City last night. Looking forward to coming back for another town hall soon. 
"Beto O'Rourke made his second stop in the Hawkeye State. Dozens of Siouxlanders came out to listen to the former Congressman address issues directly effecting rural Iowa. Most notably, his solution to the sereve flooding that's hit our part of the state." 
Huge honor to sit down with the incredibly talented Art Cullen, Tom Cullen ; the team at the Storm Lake Times. Their unwavering commitment to elevating the community, to telling its story, to ensuring no one is left out or left behind makes me proud. Not the enemy of the people. 
Whether focused on public education or immigration or climate change or health care or investing in rural America, the ideas leading this campaign are coming from town hall meetings in communities across Iowa and our country. This morning, at Better Day Cafe in Storm Lake. 
"O'Rourke spoke for one hour, with more than half that time devoted to answering 12 questions. He began with an impassioned discussion about the need to stem climate change through renewable energy, then shifted to education funding and health care" 
Good morning from Storm Lake. On our way to Better Day Cafe for a town hall. Hope to see you there or later today in:➡️Fort Dodge at 12 (1 Triton Circle)➡️Marshalltown at 3:30 (Mowry Irvine Mansion)➡️Grinnell at 5:30 (Drake Library)Everyone is welcome.
"O'Rourke told reporters that young people are critical to his 2020 efforts because their priorities will help set the country's political agenda. He emphasized climate change in his 20-minute speech and again in his 20-minute question-and-answer session." 
Roosevelt High! Thanks to Claire and her friends for driving in from Sioux Falls, SD tonight to join our town hall. 
Thanks for the welcome, Sioux City! Enjoyed meeting with student leaders, local democratic advocates, and everyone who joined our town hall at Morningside College this evening. 
  campaigns in Sioux CityGallery:  
"As he swings through the state this week, Beto O’Rourke proposes universal health care, paid family leave and debt-free education during Carroll campaign stop." 
 Just one of the kind of opportunities that you can get ! Thank you for visiting Morningside and…
 Democratic presidential candidate, Beto O’Rourke speaks to a packed house at Morningside College. 
   
 thank you for visiting with  was a great pleasure. 
 students discussing politics and policy during a campaign town hall with  ht…
 has taken the stage. Catch is speech LIVE on KMSC. 
Great town hall conversation in Denison about how immigrants not only contribute to our rural communities but help to lead the revival of them. 
Great seeing so many Denison high school students not only joining today's town hall and asking questions but providing the ideas for how we overcome the challenges before us. 
"O’Rourke wants to establish a new voter’s rights law, enact same-day and automatic registration, end gerrymandering and remove financial power out of the politics. He also said that a minimum wage of $15 and debt-free education are among his priorities."
Started our morning with a town hall in Carroll. A good dialogue on energy, immigration, paid family leave, health care, partnering with rural communities, and how we ensure this economy actually works for everyone. 
I want to know what matters to you – what comes up at the dinner table, what keeps you up at night, and what is most important to you and your family. This campaign is for all of us. Take our survey.
This is a campaign about all of us – not just those who can buy access and influence. That is why I want to hear from you. Take our survey and tell us what you care about.
I want to know what matters to you – what comes up at the dinner table, what keeps you up at night, and what is most important to you and your family. This campaign is for all of us. Take our survey.
This is a campaign about all of us – not just those who can buy access and influence. That is why I want to hear from you. Take our survey and tell us what you care about.
I want to know what matters to you – what comes up at the dinner table, what keeps you up at night, and what is most important to you and your family. This campaign is for all of us. Take our survey.
This is a campaign about all of us – not just those who can buy access and influence. That is why I want to hear from you. Take our survey and tell us what you care about.
I want to know what matters to you – what comes up at the dinner table, what keeps you up at night, and what is most important to you and your family. This campaign is for all of us. Take our survey.
This is a campaign about all of us – not just those who can buy access and influence. That is why I want to hear from you. Take our survey and tell us what you care about.
I want to know what matters to you – what comes up at the dinner table, what keeps you up at night, and what is most important to you and your family. This campaign is for all of us. Take our survey.
This is a campaign about all of us – not just those who can buy access and influence. That is why I want to hear from you. Take our survey and tell us what you care about.
I want to know what matters to you – what comes up at the dinner table, what keeps you up at night, and what is most important to you and your family. This campaign is for all of us. Take our survey.
This is a campaign about all of us – not just those who can buy access and influence. That is why I want to hear from you. Take our survey and tell us what you care about.
I want to know what matters to you – what comes up at the dinner table, what keeps you up at night, and what is most important to you and your family. This campaign is for all of us. Take our survey.
This is a campaign about all of us – not just those who can buy access and influence. That is why I want to hear from you. Take our survey and tell us what you care about.
I want to know what matters to you – what comes up at the dinner table, what keeps you up at night, and what is most important to you and your family. This campaign is for all of us. Take our survey.
This is a campaign about all of us – not just those who can buy access and influence. That is why I want to hear from you. Take our survey and tell us what you care about.
I want to know what matters to you – what comes up at the dinner table, what keeps you up at night, and what is most important to you and your family. This campaign is for all of us. Take our survey.
This is a campaign about all of us – not just those who can buy access and influence. That is why I want to hear from you. Take our survey and tell us what you care about.
I want to know what matters to you – what comes up at the dinner table, what keeps you up at night, and what is most important to you and your family. This campaign is for all of us. Take our survey.
This is a campaign about all of us – not just those who can buy access and influence. That is why I want to hear from you. Take our survey and tell us what you care about.
We’re running this campaign without PACs or corporations because our goal is not only to defeat Trump, but to find real solutions to the problems Americans face. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
Our ability to run a campaign for and by the people is what will bring us together, not just in defeating President Trump, but in finding real solutions to the problems facing every American. This is your campaign. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
We’re running this campaign without PACs or corporations because our goal is not only to defeat Trump, but to find real solutions to the problems Americans face. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
Our ability to run a campaign for and by the people is what will bring us together, not just in defeating President Trump, but in finding real solutions to the problems facing every American. This is your campaign. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
We’re running this campaign without PACs or corporations because our goal is not only to defeat Trump, but to find real solutions to the problems Americans face. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
Our ability to run a campaign for and by the people is what will bring us together, not just in defeating President Trump, but in finding real solutions to the problems facing every American. This is your campaign. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
We’re running this campaign without PACs or corporations because our goal is not only to defeat Trump, but to find real solutions to the problems Americans face. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
Our ability to run a campaign for and by the people is what will bring us together, not just in defeating President Trump, but in finding real solutions to the problems facing every American. This is your campaign. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
We’re running this campaign without PACs or corporations because our goal is not only to defeat Trump, but to find real solutions to the problems Americans face. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
Our ability to run a campaign for and by the people is what will bring us together, not just in defeating President Trump, but in finding real solutions to the problems facing every American. This is your campaign. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
We’re running this campaign without PACs or corporations because our goal is not only to defeat Trump, but to find real solutions to the problems Americans face. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
Our ability to run a campaign for and by the people is what will bring us together, not just in defeating President Trump, but in finding real solutions to the problems facing every American. This is your campaign. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
We’re running this campaign without PACs or corporations because our goal is not only to defeat Trump, but to find real solutions to the problems Americans face. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
Our ability to run a campaign for and by the people is what will bring us together, not just in defeating President Trump, but in finding real solutions to the problems facing every American. This is your campaign. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
We’re running this campaign without PACs or corporations because our goal is not only to defeat Trump, but to find real solutions to the problems Americans face. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
Our ability to run a campaign for and by the people is what will bring us together, not just in defeating President Trump, but in finding real solutions to the problems facing every American. This is your campaign. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
We’re running this campaign without PACs or corporations because our goal is not only to defeat Trump, but to find real solutions to the problems Americans face. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
Our ability to run a campaign for and by the people is what will bring us together, not just in defeating President Trump, but in finding real solutions to the problems facing every American. This is your campaign. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
We’re running this campaign without PACs or corporations because our goal is not only to defeat Trump, but to find real solutions to the problems Americans face. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
Our ability to run a campaign for and by the people is what will bring us together, not just in defeating President Trump, but in finding real solutions to the problems facing every American. This is your campaign. Take our survey and tell us what we should focus on.
We know that our economy only works when it works for everyone and our campaign is fighting to make sure every person in America has the opportunity to flourish. Join us by adding your name.
We're continuing to visit schools across Iowa and throughout America, spending time where we see the leadership, the ideas, the energy this country is calling for. 
On the road and excited to see you today in:➡Carroll at 9:30 (Kerps)➡Denison at 12:00 (Cronk's)➡Sioux City at 5:00 (Morningside's Olsen Student Center)Everyone is welcome.
Cole couldn't make it out to the town hall tonight because he had a shift at work but really appreciate him greeting us afterwards. He's a junior at Iowa State studying hospitality management and is already working in the field. Proud of you, Cole. 
 See photos from visit to the tonight in Ames, Iowa here ;   
Big thanks to the Cyclones for welcoming us back to Iowa and kicking off our four-day road trip in the state. Incredible leadership, energy, and ideas on this campus and all across Ames. 
  has arrived and is now taking questions from the crowd.  
  is currently taking questions from the public 
 pardon the shaky time lapse but there are - and I can’t emphasize this enough - a lot of folks here for Beto. 
 Ames is ready for Beto O’Rourke tonight as he begins his four day tour here in Iowa. Make sure to watch to…
Iowa State! Delayed at O’Hare but finally taking off. We’ll be a little late, but really looking forward to seeing you in Ames tonight!
10 years ago, marriage equality became the law of the land across Iowa. Today, we're honoring that victory by committing to full LGBTQ rights across the country, making the Equality Act law, and ensuring everyone is finally treated with dignity ; respect. 
We know that our economy only works when it works for everyone and our campaign is fighting to make sure every person in America has the opportunity to flourish. Join us by adding your name.
We know that our economy only works when it works for everyone and our campaign is fighting to make sure every person in America has the opportunity to flourish. Join us by adding your name.
We know that our economy only works when it works for everyone and our campaign is fighting to make sure every person in America has the opportunity to flourish. Join us by adding your name.
We know that our economy only works when it works for everyone and our campaign is fighting to make sure every person in America has the opportunity to flourish. Join us by adding your name.
We know that our economy only works when it works for everyone and our campaign is fighting to make sure every person in America has the opportunity to flourish. Join us by adding your name.
We know that our economy only works when it works for everyone and our campaign is fighting to make sure every person in America has the opportunity to flourish. Join us by adding your name.
We know that our economy only works when it works for everyone and our campaign is fighting to make sure every person in America has the opportunity to flourish. Join us by adding your name.
We know that our economy only works when it works for everyone and our campaign is fighting to make sure every person in America has the opportunity to flourish. Join us by adding your name.
We know that our economy only works when it works for everyone and our campaign is fighting to make sure every person in America has the opportunity to flourish. Join us by adding your name.
For so long, our economy has been about hoarding wealth, concentrating profits, and robbing America of our most sacred belief: that with enough hard work anyone can make a home here. We believe that our economy should work for everyone. Join us if you agree.
For so long, our economy has been about hoarding wealth, concentrating profits, and robbing America of our most sacred belief: that with enough hard work anyone can make a home here. We believe that our economy should work for everyone. Join us if you agree.
For so long, our economy has been about hoarding wealth, concentrating profits, and robbing America of our most sacred belief: that with enough hard work anyone can make a home here. We believe that our economy should work for everyone. Join us if you agree.
For so long, our economy has been about hoarding wealth, concentrating profits, and robbing America of our most sacred belief: that with enough hard work anyone can make a home here. We believe that our economy should work for everyone. Join us if you agree.
For so long, our economy has been about hoarding wealth, concentrating profits, and robbing America of our most sacred belief: that with enough hard work anyone can make a home here. We believe that our economy should work for everyone. Join us if you agree.
For so long, our economy has been about hoarding wealth, concentrating profits, and robbing America of our most sacred belief: that with enough hard work anyone can make a home here. We believe that our economy should work for everyone. Join us if you agree.
For so long, our economy has been about hoarding wealth, concentrating profits, and robbing America of our most sacred belief: that with enough hard work anyone can make a home here. We believe that our economy should work for everyone. Join us if you agree.
For so long, our economy has been about hoarding wealth, concentrating profits, and robbing America of our most sacred belief: that with enough hard work anyone can make a home here. We believe that our economy should work for everyone. Join us if you agree.
For so long, our economy has been about hoarding wealth, concentrating profits, and robbing America of our most sacred belief: that with enough hard work anyone can make a home here. We believe that our economy should work for everyone. Join us if you agree.
For so long, our economy has been about hoarding wealth, concentrating profits, and robbing America of our most sacred belief: that with enough hard work anyone can make a home here. We believe that our economy should work for everyone. Join us if you agree.
Every person must see a future for themselves in this country. But the extraordinary concentration of wealth and power we see today threatens that vision. That is why we must tackle inequality head on. Join us if you agree.
Every person must see a future for themselves in this country. But the extraordinary concentration of wealth and power we see today threatens that vision. That is why we must tackle inequality head on. Join us if you agree.
Every person must see a future for themselves in this country. But the extraordinary concentration of wealth and power we see today threatens that vision. That is why we must tackle inequality head on. Join us if you agree.
Every person must see a future for themselves in this country. But the extraordinary concentration of wealth and power we see today threatens that vision. That is why we must tackle inequality head on. Join us if you agree.
Every person must see a future for themselves in this country. But the extraordinary concentration of wealth and power we see today threatens that vision. That is why we must tackle inequality head on. Join us if you agree.
Every person must see a future for themselves in this country. But the extraordinary concentration of wealth and power we see today threatens that vision. That is why we must tackle inequality head on. Join us if you agree.
Every person must see a future for themselves in this country. But the extraordinary concentration of wealth and power we see today threatens that vision. That is why we must tackle inequality head on. Join us if you agree.
Every person must see a future for themselves in this country. But the extraordinary concentration of wealth and power we see today threatens that vision. That is why we must tackle inequality head on. Join us if you agree.
Every person must see a future for themselves in this country. But the extraordinary concentration of wealth and power we see today threatens that vision. That is why we must tackle inequality head on. Join us if you agree.
Every person must see a future for themselves in this country. But the extraordinary concentration of wealth and power we see today threatens that vision. That is why we must tackle inequality head on. Join us if you agree.
The extraordinary, unprecedented concentration of wealth and power we see today must be broken apart if we want to achieve a real democracy. That is why we are taking on special interests and the powerful few. Can we count on you to join us?
The extraordinary, unprecedented concentration of wealth and power we see today must be broken apart if we want to achieve a real democracy. That is why we are taking on special interests and the powerful few. Can we count on you to join us?
The extraordinary, unprecedented concentration of wealth and power we see today must be broken apart if we want to achieve a real democracy. That is why we are taking on special interests and the powerful few. Can we count on you to join us?
The extraordinary, unprecedented concentration of wealth and power we see today must be broken apart if we want to achieve a real democracy. That is why we are taking on special interests and the powerful few. Can we count on you to join us?
The extraordinary, unprecedented concentration of wealth and power we see today must be broken apart if we want to achieve a real democracy. That is why we are taking on special interests and the powerful few. Can we count on you to join us?
The extraordinary, unprecedented concentration of wealth and power we see today must be broken apart if we want to achieve a real democracy. That is why we are taking on special interests and the powerful few. Can we count on you to join us?
The extraordinary, unprecedented concentration of wealth and power we see today must be broken apart if we want to achieve a real democracy. That is why we are taking on special interests and the powerful few. Can we count on you to join us?
The extraordinary, unprecedented concentration of wealth and power we see today must be broken apart if we want to achieve a real democracy. That is why we are taking on special interests and the powerful few. Can we count on you to join us?
The extraordinary, unprecedented concentration of wealth and power we see today must be broken apart if we want to achieve a real democracy. That is why we are taking on special interests and the powerful few. Can we count on you to join us?
The extraordinary, unprecedented concentration of wealth and power we see today must be broken apart if we want to achieve a real democracy. That is why we are taking on special interests and the powerful few. Can we count on you to join us?
In just 18 days, you've proven the power of people everywhere joining together to run a true grassroots campaign:✅$9.4 million raised✅218,000 contributions✅98% of donations under $200✅99% of fundraising via online✅$0 from PACs, special interests, lobbyists ;corporations
Iowa State! Looking forward to seeing you tonight at 6:00 in the Maintenance Shop. Everyone is welcome. 
 Beto O'Rourke, speaking on racial inequality at the NAN conference: "This schoolhouse to jailhouse pipeline and this prob…
 Speaking with the Honorable Beto O’Rourke (Texas) before the  opening ribbon cutting ceremony at 930am followed b…
  speaking to a standing-room-only crowd at calls for upending of system that has “criminalized ;…
 “This schoolhouse to jailhouse pipeline...it’s about our country,”  says talking about institutional racism…
Let's sign into law paid family leave for every single family in this country. Grateful and encouraged that DeSoto is helping to take the lead in Texas tonight with a 7:00 city council meeting on paid family leave at City Hall. 
 DeSoto and supporters! Tonight is the night! I need you to show up for Working Moms and Dads in DeSoto at 7pm!DeSoto…
We must finally achieve equal pay in this country. Let's also ban discrimination in the workplace and replace it with true equity in the workplace. 
12 hours, 3 cities, one campaign of people -- no PACs, no special interests, no corporations. Watch our recap video from Saturday's launch,  to share it, and join us as we work together to deliver for one another, our kids, this country, and every generation that succeeds us. 
 Thank you to Congressman Beto O'Rourke for his kind words and welcome to attendees of the largest  youth confere…
  on LGBT discrimination in Texas, the closing down of family planning clinics, and the importance of labor…
 A few photos from launch rally in El Paso.  
 “Unions matter to everyone” -Beto O’Rourke 
 Every judge nominated to a federal bench should believe in a woman’s right to choose — Beto O’Rourke  
 Next up, takes the stage. 
 Our democracy must be restored if we are to tackle the big problems of our time. -  
 LIVE: Presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke speaks at  summit. 
 Beto says his Cabinet would reflect "the diversity, ingenuity and genius" of the country
  as president, how do you plan to address this distortion of our democracy and ensure the will of the peop…
 This is new from — He says as president, he'll sign an executive order requiring every Cabinet secretary to…
 Beto O’Rourke says that if he’s president, he’ll sign an executive order requiring every single cabinet member to hold a town h…
 Don’t miss answer questions directly from working people like you, and lay out their vision for a system that repre…
We launched this grassroots campaign two weeks ago by being on the ground in communities across Iowa. Excited to return to the state on Wednesday. See you soon! 
  to barnstorm every Polk County Democrats neighborhood group on Saturday. 6 house parties in 12 hours: htt…
Tonight is the first FEC deadline of this campaign. Each dollar raised ; each donation made will be a sign of our strength ; a sign of what we’re able to do in the days ahead. Can you make a donation to our grassroots campaign before the midnight deadline?
 ‘We have to make sure that justice is served for everyone.’ — answered this Black trans woman's question with…
On  let's send a clear signal to our past, current, and future transgender service members who put their lives on the line for our country. We see you, we appreciate you, and we will fight to ensure your service is honored and welcomed.
On Cesar Chavez Day and each day after it, let's remember, honor, and continue his work advocating for labor rights, civil rights, and human rights.
An update: refugees ; asylum seekers are no longer being trapped under the PDN Bridge. That cruelty has ended but questions into how we're treating our fellow human beings or why it occurred in the 1st place should not. There must be accountability for actions taken in our name.
 we are hosting a watch party in  Pict…
 Here at a Fort Worth, Texas watch party!    
 Kicking off the livestream    
 Beto watch party happening in Dallas!  
 New Orleans part of the watch party! Launch  
 Met new friends Pedro and Giavanna today at our watch party.Giavanna “We were on a work assignment outside 🇺🇸 during th…
 Beto Watch Party, Sacramento, Calif. 
 Tweet me your watch party pics! What was the highlight of the speeches for you? I loved hearing from Amy and loved tha…
  watch party with the cutest fan  
 Attending a Watch Launch Party for BETO O’ROURKE in Tacoma. Woohoo!  
 At a watch party in Dallas, TX. Go Beto!  
   watch party in San Francisco 
  Fired up watch party with 40 enthusiastic supporters AND volunteers!!! 
  supporters are gathering in Fredericktown, MO at a watch party for  
 Even my republican grandpa hosted a watch party for Beto!     
 Proud to have hosted a livestream watch party for  at my house with over 30 people attending.   And yes that'…
 party time!   
 !!    
  friends gathered in Amarillo Texas to cheer on Beto during his live streaming from El Paso. Our next President! 
 Beto watch party with local supporters gather to hear Beto announce his run for the next presid…
 Beto Launch Livestream Watch Party happening now in Salinas w MENUDO ; MIMOSAS! Go BETO, Go!  
 MONTEREY COUNTY showing the love at the Launch Watch Party in Salinas!  
 SALINAS for Beto!! 
 Waiting for the livestream!  

"His ambitious, progressive agenda included promoting greater voter participation by ending gerrymandering...He would also end the prohibition of marijuana and curb the school-to-prison pipeline that severely impacts communities of color."
"O'Rourke said as president he would develop comprehensive immigration reform, improve and fund pre-K to 12th-grade education, make college more affordable, develop a universal health care plan and refocus the country on the need to combat climate change." 
 in  speaks about public education ; our educators.“If we really believe in an economy that works…
 Thousands greeted Beto O’Rourke in Austin Saturday night on a closed down Congress Avenue. In this video he talks about hi…
 I believe has what it takes to be OUR next President...let’s work hard to make sure he gets there 👏🏽 
"Seventeen days into his whirlwind campaign for president, Beto held kickoff rallies Saturday in his hometown of El Paso, Houston and downtown Austin, promising to bring the nation together under the banner, 'We are Americans first.'" -Austin American Statesman, March 31 
An unforgettable day across Texas. Our thanks to everyone who joined us in El Paso, Houston, and tonight in Austin. I am excited, honored, and incredibly proud to be doing this with you. 
 Presidential candidate started addressing people in Spanish. 
  talks universal healthcare, legalizing marijuana, higher wages for teachers, reforming gun laws 
  arrives at his Austin rally, after rallies in El Paso and Houston. 
 Final rally of the day: takes Austin 
Kicking off this campaign for president with our third grassroots rally of the day. We are LIVE from the Texas Capitol in Austin. Tune in now: 
  officially launched his campaign in his hometown of El Paso this morning.  
If we truly want to lift up rural America, let's begin by listening to rural America. 
 Supported since his run for senate, and will continue to advocate for him in his run for presidency. Thank…
 I was so happy to see in Houston Today 
 Excited to make my voice heard in 2020 ; vote for the first time! Beto for America! 
 Before speaking at today, Democratic candidate for President met with some of the newly elected A…
 “For too long in this country the powerful have maintained their privilege at the expense of the powerless,” Beto O'Rourke…
There's nothing wrong in this country that we can't make right with the people of this country. Thankful for the leadership coming from Houston, Harris County, and Texas. 
As president, I will sign into law a new Voting Rights Act. Together, we will end gerrymandering, we will get big money out of politics, we will have automatic and same-day voter registration, and we will ensure racist voter ID laws never again impact access to the ballot box. 
With El Paso and the communities of the border leading the way, we are going to rewrite this country's immigration laws in our own image, reflecting our own values, and in the best traditions of the United States of America. 
Let's adopt universal background checks. No more loopholes, no more exceptions. And then let's ensure that weapons of war are kept on the battlefield and are no longer sold into our communities where they show up in our schools, our churches, our workplaces, and our streets. 
This is a campaign for America, for everyone in America. The challenges we face cannot be met by half measures or with only half the country. It’s gonna take all we’ve got and it’s gonna take all of us. 
 Beto 2020! On the campus of my alma mater, Texas Southern University. Peep his hat.  
  addresses Houston crowd. 
Houston! 
We have an economy that works too well for too few and not at all for too many more. We're going to change that. We're going to finally have an economy that works for everyone. 
We are going to achieve guaranteed, high-quality, universal healthcare. Everyone able to see a doctor, afford their prescriptions, and get the help they need. No one denied care, no one priced out, no one left behind. 
Thank you, El Paso! Very grateful for today and every day in this beautiful community. 
Let's fully invest in a pre-K-12 world-class public school system. Let's pay our teachers a living wage. Let's end the school to prison pipeline and achieve equity in our classrooms. Once we do that, there's no stopping these kids and no stopping this country. 
If we believe in justice for all, then we must reform our justice system so it is equitable for all. 
 “This is a campaign for America, for everyone in America.” Beto O’Rourke officially kicked off his presidential campaign Satur…
This is our moment of truth. And working together, we are going to deliver for one another, for our kids, for this country, and for every generation that succeeds us. 
8C ; 8D. Heading your way, Houston! Excited to see you at 5:00. 3100 Cleburne St. 
 “Whatever our differences — where you live, who you love, to whom you pray, for whom you voted in the last election — let thos…
 Beto switched to Spanish at the end of his speech in El Paso 
 Beto O'Rourke speaking in Texas: "We have learned not to fear our differences but to respect and embrace them. We see the…
 Beto O'Rourke, at kickoff rally, says he wants to sign voting rights act that will:- End gerrymandering- Get big money out of…
 “I want to make sure that your gender, that your race, that your family does not prevent you from advancing in this economy,”…
  “Every single citizen must be able to vote and every vote must count.”  
 “This is a campaign for America. For everyone in America,” says after formally kicking off his 2020 campaign 
 El Paso is fired up and ready for   
 And so it begins... holds his first official 2020 presidential campaign rally in historic downtown  
 Beto O'Rourke: "Whatever our differences — where you live, who you love, to whom you pray, for whom you voted in the last electi…
Together, as one country united, we can fulfill the promise of America, to ourselves, to each other, and to every generation that succeeds us.
I am honored to run to serve you as President of the United States; and I am grateful to each one of you who will join this campaign and commit yourself in service to this great country of ours.
Our ability to campaign this way as a campaign run for ; by people - no PACs, no corporations - people from every state ; territory — can bring us together not just in defeating Trump, but in ensuring that we have the full power of people to accomplish this country’s priorities.
Let us be clear: we will not be defined by our fears or the smallness of our differences; we will instead be known by our ambitions, our aspirations and the resolve, the creativity, the service and sacrifice by which we will have achieved them.
El exito de este pais depende en el exito de cada persona en este pais.
Pero también necesitamos una economía donde todos pueden participar, y tener un prospecto de éxito independiente de su genero, de su raza, de los cuantas generaciones su familia tiene a dentro o aparte de los estados unidos.
Si queremos enfrentar los retos de cuidado de salud por todos; de la reforma migratoria; del cambio climático —necesitamos una democracia en que cada persona puede votar y ofrecer su voz.
The unprecedented concentration of wealth, power and privilege in the United States must be broken apart. Opportunity must be fully shared with all. We must all have the opportunity to succeed. Together. As one country.
Let us also acknowledge that any hope of full political democracy must be premised on an unwavering pursuit of economic democracy. Every child must see a future for themselves in this country.
So every citizen must be able to cast their vote, have their voice heard. We must sign into law a new voting rights act, we must forever banish big money from our politics, end gerrymandering, and enact same day voter registration in every part of the country.
But if we want to do any of this — let us agree that our success as a country is based on the success of this democracy, the greatest mechanism devised to bring forth the power of people.
This country can and must once again take its place as the indispensable leading nation, doing what no other country can, for ourselves and for the world.
And when we talk about combatting climate change, it is important that this work ensures that every American benefits, including those poor and minority communities that have so often borne the brunt of climate change.
We have an opportunity now to meet an existential threat to this planet by ensuring that public health policy, economic policy, and the engine of a far more conscientious capitalism is put to work in service of our ability to meet this challenge of climate change.
Let us organize this country around a historic effort to free this economy from a dependence on greenhouse gas emissions, invest in the technologies and jobs in renewable energy that will speed this transition, and reassert our international leadership before it is too late.
And if the wars we are already in don't have a definition of victory or strategy to win them and bring these service members back home to their families and their communities, we must put an end to them.
Let us not only ensure that we meet every single part of our obligation to our veterans but that we also make sure that before we enter yet another war that we have exhausted every single peaceful alternative.
And if we’re serious about security, let this country of immigrants - republicans, independents and democrats  - rewrite our immigration laws in our own image, from our own experiences, and in the best traditions of this great country.
Let’s ensure our security not through walls and militarization, but by investing in our ports of entry where the vast majority of everything and everyone that ever comes into this country first enters.
Let’s not only honor our asylum laws and never again take another child from another parent at their most desperate and vulnerable moment, but guarantee that all separated families are reunited.
Let’s bring millions more of our fellow Americans out of the shadows and on to a path to contribute even more to our country’s success.
If we believe that this country’s success is premised on the fact that immigrants and asylum seekers from the world over have found a home here, then let us forever free Dreamers from any fear of deportation by making them U.S. citizens.
Let’s end cash bail, private prisons, and the war on drugs. Let's confront the true legacy of slavery, of segregation, suppression, of how people have been criminalized ; kept down based on their race and ethnicity. Only that truth will allow us to begin to repair the damage done
If we believe in real justice reform in the face of the largest prison population on the face of the planet — one disproportionately comprised of people of color — let us not just end the prohibition of marijuana but expunge the record of those arrested solely for possession.
Let’s ensure everyone can succeed regardless of their family dynamics, their gender, their sexual orientation or their race. Paid family leave. Equal pay for women. No discrimination in the workplace, and access to capital for communities that have been shut out for generations.
Let’s support rural America by listening to and partnering with rural communities on infrastructure, schools, hospitals, ; broadband. Let’s make sure farmers can make a profit while they grow the food ; fiber that feeds and clothes not just this country, but so much of the world.
Let’s not diminish the power of unions in this country. Let's strengthen unions in this country and ensure a path to apprenticeships and careers. Guarantee that one job is enough by paying every working American a true living wage.
Let’s graduate young women and men from high school who are career ready as well as college ready, able to pursue debt-free higher education or a job that provides purpose and a real paycheck. We can do this.
If we believe in an economy that works for all, then let us invest in a world class Pre-k through 12 public education system and ensure that we are paying our educators a living wage so that they don’t have to work a second or third job.
This means every one of us is able to afford our prescriptions, see a doctor, take our children to a therapist. No one priced out. No one denied care. No one left behind. Universal, guaranteed, high quality health care must be achieved as quickly and as surely as possible.
Universal healthcare means everyone gets primary healthcare, mental healthcare — and universal care also means that every woman makes her own decisions about her own body.
If we believe in universal, guaranteed, high quality healthcare - because we see the consequences to our fellow Americans who go without - then let us come together around a solution.
These challenges and the threats to our democracy cannot be met by half measures or with only half the country. It’s gonna take all we’ve got and it’s gonna take all of us.
The differences between us — where we live, who we love, to whom we pray, how long our families have been in this country, the color of our skin, the party to which we belong — those differences cannot be allowed to define us or divide us now. Let us be Americans first.
A vigorous democracy - both economic and political - is the only check on the inertia of power, on the corruption and capture of our institutions, and the only means to elevate the voices and lives of our fellow Americans.
Unrestrained, money and influence have warped this country’s priorities and its very democracy. It has corrupted our democracy. It has invited cynicism, distrust and disengagement from Americans who see a government in thrall to those who can pay for access and outcomes.
For too long in this country, the powerful have maintained their privilege at the expense of the powerless. They have employed fear and division — based on differences in race or ethnicity, geography and faith — to keep us apart, and angry and afraid of one another.
The challenges before us are the biggest of our lifetimes. Millions without healthcare; an economy that works too well for too few and not at all for too many; ; the opportunity to avert the worst consequences of climate change fading in the face of our inaction. We must overcome
Like so many of you, Amy and I have decided that at this moment of truth we must give it our all. This moment is our test - the generations that follow ours, the people of the future, are counting on us - and we cannot be found wanting.
This is a campaign for America. For everyone in America. No one written off, no one taken for granted.
It is here, from my hometown of El Paso, that I officially launch this campaign to serve you as the next President of the United States of America.
 “El Paso to me represents America at its very best,” says as he kicks off his 2020 campaign in Texas 
 . formally kicks off his presidential campaign in his hometown of El Paso. 
  watching Amy’s introduction before taking the stage.  
 . is on stage at his official campaign kickoff in El Paso 
  warming up crowd at rally: “Welcome to the beautiful, magical, safe and secure U.S.-Mexico bord…
Congresswoman Veronica Escobar takes the stage to welcome everyone to El Paso.
See you soon, El Paso! 
 Crowd assembling in downtown El Paso before Beto O’Rourke’s campaign kickoff speech 
Join us as we kick off this campaign at 10:00. The entrance is at El Paso St. and Paisano. See you soon, El Paso! 
We’re hours away from kicking off our historic grassroots campaign. Thousands will join us in El Paso at 10:00 with many more tuning in to watch the livestream at organizing parties across all 50 states and territories. Join us at a watch party near you:  
Excited to see you at 10:00, El Paso! 
See you tomorrow, Texas!➡El Paso, 10:00 a.m. (El Paso St. ; Paisano)➡Houston, 5:00 p.m. (3100 Cleburne St.)➡Austin, 9:00 p.m. (9th St. ; Congress Ave.) 
Just went under the bridge where refugees and asylum seekers are being held. Kids, moms, and families trapped for days at a time in our name. Will continue pushing for answers so we can put an end to this. 
Texans from across the state will be joining together in El Paso, Houston, and Austin on Saturday. Hope you'll join us and  to spread the word. 
We're excited to kick off our campaign on Saturday with three rallies in Texas and more than 1,000 watch parties across the country. Which will we see you at?
More than 1,000 organizing parties will take place across the country on Saturday as we officially launch our grassroots campaign for president. Find one near you and help us hit the ground running.  
We want to meet with, listen to, learn from, and serve everyone in this country. Focusing on people instead of PACs, we will ensure no one is written off and no one is taken for granted. 
Unacceptable. This is not how we should be treating our fellow human beings. Together, we closed the desert tent camp in Tornillo. Now we must stop trapping asylum seekers and refugees under a bridge for days at a time. It's on all of us if we don't. 
We have more than 1,000 organizing parties happening across the country on Saturday with events in every single state and territory. Find one near you and join our grassroots campaign at  
We will define ourselves by what we want to accomplish for America. Take our survey to tell Beto how you think we can move this country forward.
The only way to meet our challenges is to listen to and learn from the people we wish to serve.
This campaign will be at its core about people-talking-to-people about the new future we want for our country – and working together to get it done. Can you take our survey to tell Beto what issue you care about most?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Become an early supporter by adding your name to Beto for America today.
We’re up against great challenges, and it’s going to take all of us coming together to get it done. All of us right now have a responsibility to do all that we can. If you’re ready to get to work then join our grassroots campaign for president today.
It’s going to take all of us coming together and to build a massive, people-powered movement to reach every voter.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Become an early supporter by adding your name to Beto for America today.
We’re up against great challenges, and it’s going to take all of us coming together to get it done. All of us right now have a responsibility to do all that we can. If you’re ready to get to work then join our grassroots campaign for president today.
It’s going to take all of us coming together and to build a massive, people-powered movement to reach every voter.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Become an early supporter by adding your name to Beto for America today.
We’re up against great challenges, and it’s going to take all of us coming together to get it done. All of us right now have a responsibility to do all that we can. If you’re ready to get to work then join our grassroots campaign for president today.
It’s going to take all of us coming together and to build a massive, people-powered movement to reach every voter.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Become an early supporter by adding your name to Beto for America today.
We’re up against great challenges, and it’s going to take all of us coming together to get it done. All of us right now have a responsibility to do all that we can. If you’re ready to get to work then join our grassroots campaign for president today.
It’s going to take all of us coming together and to build a massive, people-powered movement to reach every voter.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Become an early supporter by adding your name to Beto for America today.
We’re up against great challenges, and it’s going to take all of us coming together to get it done. All of us right now have a responsibility to do all that we can. If you’re ready to get to work then join our grassroots campaign for president today.
It’s going to take all of us coming together and to build a massive, people-powered movement to reach every voter.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Become an early supporter by adding your name to Beto for America today.
We’re up against great challenges, and it’s going to take all of us coming together to get it done. All of us right now have a responsibility to do all that we can. If you’re ready to get to work then join our grassroots campaign for president today.
It’s going to take all of us coming together and to build a massive, people-powered movement to reach every voter.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Become an early supporter by adding your name to Beto for America today.
We’re up against great challenges, and it’s going to take all of us coming together to get it done. All of us right now have a responsibility to do all that we can. If you’re ready to get to work then join our grassroots campaign for president today.
It’s going to take all of us coming together and to build a massive, people-powered movement to reach every voter.
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to PACs, corporations, and special interests, but to the people. Become an early supporter by adding your name to Beto for America today.
We’re up against great challenges, and it’s going to take all of us coming together to get it done. All of us right now have a responsibility to do all that we can. If you’re ready to get to work then join our grassroots campaign for president today.
It’s going to take all of us coming together and to build a massive, people-powered movement to reach every voter.
We will define ourselves by what we want to accomplish for America. Take our survey to tell Beto how you think we can move this country forward.
The only way to meet our challenges is to listen to and learn from the people we wish to serve.
This campaign will be at its core about people-talking-to-people about the new future we want for our country – and working together to get it done. Can you take our survey to tell Beto what issue you care about most?
We will define ourselves by what we want to accomplish for America. Take our survey to tell Beto how you think we can move this country forward.
The only way to meet our challenges is to listen to and learn from the people we wish to serve.
This campaign will be at its core about people-talking-to-people about the new future we want for our country – and working together to get it done. Can you take our survey to tell Beto what issue you care about most?
We will define ourselves by what we want to accomplish for America. Take our survey to tell Beto how you think we can move this country forward.
The only way to meet our challenges is to listen to and learn from the people we wish to serve.
This campaign will be at its core about people-talking-to-people about the new future we want for our country – and working together to get it done. Can you take our survey to tell Beto what issue you care about most?
We will define ourselves by what we want to accomplish for America. Take our survey to tell Beto how you think we can move this country forward.
The only way to meet our challenges is to listen to and learn from the people we wish to serve.
This campaign will be at its core about people-talking-to-people about the new future we want for our country – and working together to get it done. Can you take our survey to tell Beto what issue you care about most?
We will define ourselves by what we want to accomplish for America. Take our survey to tell Beto how you think we can move this country forward.
The only way to meet our challenges is to listen to and learn from the people we wish to serve.
This campaign will be at its core about people-talking-to-people about the new future we want for our country – and working together to get it done. Can you take our survey to tell Beto what issue you care about most?
We will define ourselves by what we want to accomplish for America. Take our survey to tell Beto how you think we can move this country forward.
The only way to meet our challenges is to listen to and learn from the people we wish to serve.
This campaign will be at its core about people-talking-to-people about the new future we want for our country – and working together to get it done. Can you take our survey to tell Beto what issue you care about most?
We will define ourselves by what we want to accomplish for America. Take our survey to tell Beto how you think we can move this country forward.
The only way to meet our challenges is to listen to and learn from the people we wish to serve.
This campaign will be at its core about people-talking-to-people about the new future we want for our country – and working together to get it done. Can you take our survey to tell Beto what issue you care about most?
Over 1,000 organizing parties are taking place on Saturday in every state and territory across the country. Join an event near you to connect with people in your community and begin the on-the-ground work necessary to win this election.  
Looking forward to seeing everyone on Saturday. ➡El Paso at 10 a.m. ➡Houston at 5 p.m. ➡Austin at 9 p.m. 
Absolutely unforgettable first visit to Nevada. So many great people who are so fired up to get after the big, urgent work ahead of us. We'll be back soon! 
Texas! Excited to see you on Saturday. Everyone is welcome. RSVP at  
We will defend the ACA. We will protect the care of those whose lives depend on it. And we will get to universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care for every woman, every man, every child in this country. 
This campaign hit the ground running. And it was all thanks to you. Very grateful for everyone who joined us on our first road trip through: 🚙Iowa🚙Wisconsin🚙Michigan🚙Ohio🚙Pennsylvania🚙New Hampshire🚙South Carolina🚙NevadaSee you back on the road soon!
There is real energy, leadership, and grassroots strength on the ground across South Carolina. We felt it at every event during our visit -- from Rock Hill and Columbia to Orangeburg and Charleston. Check it out: 
Thank you to everyone who joined us on our first visit to Nevada. Looking forward to being back again soon. 
Vamos a ir a todos lados, con toda la gente, todos los días. Y vamos a conversar tanto en Español como en Inglés de los temas más importantes y críticos del futuro de nuestro país. 
Enjoyed spending the afternoon holding a town hall with a group of incredible leaders from Las Vegas' Asian American and Pacific Islander community. Thoughtful discussion about how we can make sure everyone in this country is heard, represented, served, and fought for. 
Leaving Nevada feeling more inspired, more hopeful, more confident that we can unite to get this country back on track. 
Gracias a Mujeres Network por su hospedaje y liderazgo! 
Release the full Mueller report to the American people and their representatives. There must be transparency and accountability.
Thanks to the Nevada State AFL-CIO for taking the time to share their ideas and perspective this morning. At a time when unions are under attack, let's not forget that they are the backbone of our workforce. Critical to making our communities, businesses, and economy stronger. 
  speaks to an overflow crowd at Arandas Taqueria in east Las Vegas, one of three stops scheduled for today…
 Beto O'Rourke in Las Vegas: DACA recipients must be free to live without fear of deportation.  via…
 Beto in his element: on a chair, switching between English and Spanish at a Taqueria in Las Vegas 
A great day to be outside. Thank you, Las Vegas. 
  begins his remarks at Las Vegas taco joint in Spanish. Tells crowd the country faces significant challenge…
Great seeing everyone in Las Vegas for a town hall at Taqueria Arandas. Thank you to the team for hosting and to those who spent part of their Sunday with us. 
 13 yr old Brendan Gomez starts high school in a few months. He asked what would you do to make sure we f…
Thanks to D. Taylor, Bobbette Bond, and Rep. Horsford for welcoming us on our first visit to Las Vegas. The advocacy that and are doing makes them a national leader on fighting for workers, their families, and communities across Nevada. 
Join us at Taqueria Arandas (2040 N Nellis Blvd) at 9:00. Looking forward to seeing everyone soon. 
 Thank you for participating in the first Town Hall series for the road to 2020 today.  It was a tremendous t…
Ninth day, eighth state -- excited to be in Nevada for our campaign's first visit. Hope to see you in Las Vegas tomorrow at:➡Arandas Taqueria  (2040 N Nellis Blvd) at 9:00➡Pour Coffeehouse (6811 S Eastern Ave) at 12:00Everyone is welcome.
From Rock Hill and Columbia to Orangeburg and Charleston, we'll never forget our first visit to South Carolina. Thank you for bringing such strength, power, and joy to this campaign. 
Appreciate your leadership on this and so many other issues. Hope everyone in Charleston joins you at tomorrow's rally. 
 it was amazing and inspiring meeting today!! “the young people aren’t just the leaders of tomorrow, they’…
Thank you to Senator Kimpson for such a gracious welcome and for hosting this morning's town hall at Burke HS. Proud of the discussion everyone contributed to and the commitment we all made to achieve this critically important work together. 
Cancel the blank check for endless war. End the AUMF. If we need a new one, let’s debate it and involve the American people in the discussion. 
We kicked off our visit to South Carolina with a town hall in Rock Hill because we know the history of this community, their perseverance, the example of the Friendship Nine can guide our continued fight for equality, civil rights, and justice for all. 
Fortunate to gain the ideas, wisdom, perspective of during a breakfast roundtable. Really inspired by their leadership and willingness to bring the community together so we have the important conversations necessary to create change. 
Good morning, Charleston! Join us for a 9:30 town hall at Burke High School with Senator Kimpson. Hope to see you there.
We visited every single one of the ten counties of New Hampshire during a two day drive across the state. It was the only way to meet those we want to serve -- to listen, learn, and be accountable. We'll be back again soon. 
Our thoughts are with Deputy Herrera, his family, the women and men who are sworn to serve our community alongside him. Proud of El Paso for not wasting a second in coming together to help and give strength. 
"Beto O’Rourke visited South Carolina State University's campus Friday afternoon, touting a message of ending corporate corruption, decriminalizing marijuana, ending racial and economic injustices, and pushing criminal justice reform." 
Closing out an unforgettable first day in South Carolina with a town hall in Charleston. Energizing and refreshing -- so many people joining together on a Friday night. 
Release the Mueller report to the American people.
Thank you to President Clark and the students at South Carolina State for hosting today's town hall in Orangeburg. A reminder of the incredible leadership, innovation, and strength that exists on HBCU campuses across this country. 
On our way over to South Carolina State. Looking forward to seeing you soon at the Student Center Plaza.
This is a campaign of, by, and for people. All people. Thank you, USC! An unforgettable town hall in Columbia. 
 yasss loved what you had to say!!  
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
In the first 24 hours of our campaign, Americans came together to prove that it is possible to run a true grassroots campaign for president. This is how we will win the White House and bring about real, lasting change. Can you make a contribution now to keep our momentum going?
  arrives at and gets a Gamecock chant going. 
We need universal, guaranteed, high-quality health care so every person in this country can see a doctor, afford their prescriptions, and get the care they need. 
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to the PACs, corporations, or special interests, but to the people. That’s why each and every donor — from $5 to $25 — is so important to us. Contribute today to keep our momentum going.
In the first 24 hours of our campaign, Americans came together to prove that it is possible to run a true grassroots campaign for president. This is how we will win the White House and bring about real, lasting change. Can you make a contribution now to keep our momentum going?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to the PACs, corporations, or special interests, but to the people. That’s why each and every donor — from $5 to $25 — is so important to us. Contribute today to keep our momentum going.
In the first 24 hours of our campaign, Americans came together to prove that it is possible to run a true grassroots campaign for president. This is how we will win the White House and bring about real, lasting change. Can you make a contribution now to keep our momentum going?
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to the PACs, corporations, or special interests, but to the people. That’s why each and every donor — from $5 to $25 — is so important to us. Contribute today to keep our momentum going.
 Thank you and for having lunch with us today.  It was great having you!   
In the first 24 hours of our campaign, Americans came together to prove that it is possible to run a true grassroots campaign for president. This is how we will win the White House and bring about real, lasting change. Can you make a contribution now to keep our momentum going?
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to the PACs, corporations, or special interests, but to the people. That’s why each and every donor — from $5 to $25 — is so important to us. Contribute today to keep our momentum going.
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to the PACs, corporations, or special interests, but to the people. That’s why each and every donor — from $5 to $25 — is so important to us. Contribute today to keep our momentum going.
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
You left us speechless on day one. Together, we raised $6.1 MILLION for Beto in the first 24 hours without taking a dime from lobbyists, PACs, or corporations. Other candidates have had more time to raise money, but we aren’t slowing down. Can you make a contribution now?
Wow! We hoped that the first days of Beto’s campaign for president would be huge, but we didn’t know they would be quite like this. Together, we made history, but we aren’t slowing down. Can we count on you to make a contribution now?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to the PACs, corporations, or special interests, but to the people. That’s why each and every donor — from $5 to $25 — is so important to us. Contribute today to keep our momentum going.
In the first 24 hours of our campaign, Americans came together to prove that it is possible to run a true grassroots campaign for president. This is how we will win the White House and bring about real, lasting change. Can you make a contribution now to keep our momentum going?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to the PACs, corporations, or special interests, but to the people. That’s why each and every donor — from $5 to $25 — is so important to us. Contribute today to keep our momentum going.
In the first 24 hours of our campaign, Americans came together to prove that it is possible to run a true grassroots campaign for president. This is how we will win the White House and bring about real, lasting change. Can you make a contribution now to keep our momentum going?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to the PACs, corporations, or special interests, but to the people. That’s why each and every donor — from $5 to $25 — is so important to us. Contribute today to keep our momentum going.
In the first 24 hours of our campaign, Americans came together to prove that it is possible to run a true grassroots campaign for president. This is how we will win the White House and bring about real, lasting change. Can you make a contribution now to keep our momentum going?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to the PACs, corporations, or special interests, but to the people. That’s why each and every donor — from $5 to $25 — is so important to us. Contribute today to keep our momentum going.
In the first 24 hours of our campaign, Americans came together to prove that it is possible to run a true grassroots campaign for president. This is how we will win the White House and bring about real, lasting change. Can you make a contribution now to keep our momentum going?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to the PACs, corporations, or special interests, but to the people. That’s why each and every donor — from $5 to $25 — is so important to us. Contribute today to keep our momentum going.
In the first 24 hours of our campaign, Americans came together to prove that it is possible to run a true grassroots campaign for president. This is how we will win the White House and bring about real, lasting change. Can you make a contribution now to keep our momentum going?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to the PACs, corporations, or special interests, but to the people. That’s why each and every donor — from $5 to $25 — is so important to us. Contribute today to keep our momentum going.
In the first 24 hours of our campaign, Americans came together to prove that it is possible to run a true grassroots campaign for president. This is how we will win the White House and bring about real, lasting change. Can you make a contribution now to keep our momentum going?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to the PACs, corporations, or special interests, but to the people. That’s why each and every donor — from $5 to $25 — is so important to us. Contribute today to keep our momentum going.
In the first 24 hours of our campaign, Americans came together to prove that it is possible to run a true grassroots campaign for president. This is how we will win the White House and bring about real, lasting change. Can you make a contribution now to keep our momentum going?
In the first 24 hours of our campaign, Americans came together to prove that it is possible to run a true grassroots campaign for president. This is how we will win the White House and bring about real, lasting change. Can you make a contribution now to keep our momentum going?
This is a campaign by all of us, for all of us. One that answers not to the PACs, corporations, or special interests, but to the people. That’s why each and every donor — from $5 to $25 — is so important to us. Contribute today to keep our momentum going.
In the first 24 hours of our campaign, Americans came together to prove that it is possible to run a true grassroots campaign for president. This is how we will win the White House and bring about real, lasting change. Can you make a contribution now to keep our momentum going?
Couldn't ask for a better lunch than Drake's on Main St. 
Grateful for the opportunity to spend an afternoon in Columbia with Mayor Benjamin. He has a contagious passion for his community ; the families, small businesses, Americans who call it home. Proud of his leadership and the way he continues to put the people of this city first. 
USC! Heading your way. Looking forward to seeing you at the Russell House Patio at 12. Everyone is welcome. 
 2020 Presidential candidate Beto O’Rourke at Amelie’s in Rock Hill this morning speaking on criminal justice system, bi-partisa…
Grateful for the unforgettable welcome to South Carolina! For the ideas, the questions, the energy, and the willingness to be at the core of what this campaign is doing across the country. An incredible way to start the day. 
  is getting the crowd hyped as he pitches why he should become the next POTUS. 
 speaking on meeting Willie McCloud (one of the friendship 9)   
  gives his elevator pitch to reporters. He says his life spent on the US-Mexico border, Spanish fluency, etc s…
 Yes, Friday as in tomorrow the 22nd.
South Carolina! Our cross country trip continues, and we're excited to see you Friday. Join us at: ▶Amelie's Cafe in Rock Hill at 8:15 ▶Univ. of SC's Russell House in Columbia at 11:45▶SCSU's Student Center in Orangeburg at 2:30▶Tradesman Brewing Co. in Charleston at 5:30
We launched this grassroots campaign seven days ago. In the time since, we've brought our fellow Americans together for dozens of town halls in six states. Yesterday, it was in New Hampshire. Here's a recap: 
"Whether it's being mobbed by students on the Plymouth State University campus or delivering a stump speech in Claremont, it's clear that O'Rourke's newly minted presidential campaign will fuel itself on a message of bridging the partisan divide." 
Visiting each one of the 10 counties of New Hampshire over the last two days left us inspired, hopeful, and excited to return soon. Thanks for putting in the miles and being part of this campaign. 
  wraps up 48-hour swing through all 10 N.H. counties w/ stop at coffee shop in Laconia. He’s off to South C…
Very grateful for the leadership of these incredible women, and for their perspectives, questions, insights, ideas, and feedback. Honored to have the opportunity to spend the time with you today. 
 Skipped class to see in  Manchester and even got to ask him a question !! 
Thank you to Consuelo's for hosting our Manchester town hall. Looking forward to being back in the community again soon. 
We must support our teachers, prioritize our public schools, and fully invest in the students inside our classrooms. But that can only happen if we finally ensure there is equity in education. 
Let's free the Dreamers from the fear of deportation and make them U.S. citizens today. 
Beautiful morning in Portsmouth for a coffee town hall to start the day. Now on the road to Manchester! Hope to see you soon at Consuelos Taqueria. 
Driving across the country from Iowa to New Hampshire meant having the chance to hold town hall meetings in Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. Here's a recap from our visits: 
Ended an incredible day across New Hampshire with a town hall at UNH. We've had the opportunity to visit with Granite Staters in six counties over the last 24 hours. Looking forward to seeing you in the remaining four counties of the state tomorrow. 
 Tonight, presidential candidate stopped by our Durham campus. O’Rourke is one of the first 2020 candidates to visit…
 taking no money from the bad guys  
But we must also ensure that this flooding, that Houston's 3rd 500-year flood in 3yrs, that 5yrs of drought in Wichita Falls,that climate related crises don't continue to become more frequent. Ultimately another reminder that we must do our part to address climate change head on.
Thinking of those families and communities impacted by the flooding across the Midwest. We need to do everything we can to support them, aid them, assist them in recovering and rebuilding after this disaster. Here's one way to help tonight: 
Thanks to everyone who joined us for a town hall in Conway this afternoon including Ms. Murdough's AP Government class from Kennett High School. 
See you tonight, UNH! We'll be meeting up in the Hamilton Smith Building at 7:00. Everyone is welcome. 
RSVP for Austin: 
RSVP for Houston: 
RSVP for El Paso here: 
On March 30th, we're officially kicking off this grassroots campaign with three events in three Texas cities, starting in my hometown of El Paso. We want you to be a part of this historic day. Join us in: ➡️El Paso at 10am➡️Houston at 5pm➡️Austin at 9pm
An impressive group coming together at White Mountain Cafe ; Bookstore in Gorham. A truly informative discussion on the unique challenges faced by rural communities including a lack of access to broadband, capital, jobs, health care, mental health care, and services for veterans. 
Plymouth State University for a town hall with students and those in the community. Thanks for joining us! 
We need universal background checks in the United States of America. 
Started the morning with a town hall in Claremont. Great discussion on education, health care, and how we boldly address gun violence and the use of opioids in our communities. 
"O’Rourke, 46, met ; spoke with attendees about the largest grassroots effort this country has ever seen...He spoke about topics such as stricter gun control laws, immigration reform, climate change ; universal healthcare, citing the activism of youth"
Started our two day, 10 county road trip across New Hampshire with a visit to Keene State last night. 
We're visiting every single county in NH over the next two days. Hope to see you Wednesday in:➡Claremont at the Common Man Inn at 8:30➡Plymouth at the Hartman Union Building at 11:00➡Conway at the Tuckerman Brewing Co. at 3:30➡Durham at the Hamilton Smith Building at 7:00
"O’Rourke spoke about reforming the justice system, ending prohibition on marijuana charges, ensuring universal health care ; making those implicated in the opioids crisis accountable. He received the biggest cheers for promising action on climate change" 
Thank you to Keene State for enthusiastically welcoming us on our very first visit to New Hampshire. Excited to spend the next couple of days listening, learning, and having the opportunity to meet so many great people across the state. 
 Presidential candidate at right now, making first campaign visit to New Hampshire. 
Our cross country road trip continues with a visit to every single county of New Hampshire over the next 48 hours. First up, tonight's event at Keene State! Hope to see you at 7:00 in the student center. 
Learned so much from the people of Cleveland and the community of Lordstown on our first visit to Ohio. Looking forward to being back in the state soon.  
  ends his trip to Penn State with another “We Are” chant and a promise to return 
Penn State! Thank you for joining us this morning and reinforcing that students across America are not just the leaders of tomorrow but the leaders of today. Proud of what you're doing on campus, in your community, and throughout this country. 
 Beto - in the white shirt - leading a “We are!” “Penn State” chant in a huge crowd at PSU 
 After his meet and greet event, around to meet with people at the HUB, first leading a “We Are” chant 
The complete focus of this campaign will always be on the people of this country. Never on PACs, corporations, or special interests. 
Nothing like some Penn State dairy to start off the morning in the Happy Valley. 
We need to show up everywhere, listen, learn, and bring this deeply divided, highly polarized country together around the big challenges before us. That's what this road trip continues to be all about. 
Late night on the road to Penn State. Hope you'll join us tomorrow morning at 10:00 in the HUB (16802 Pollock Road). Looking forward to seeing everyone soon!
 The Texas Democrat will attend a meet and greet at Penn State on Tuesday morning where he will visit with students and members o…
 JUST IN: Presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke will host a meet and greet at Penn State tomorrow morning 
Feel very grateful to spend the afternoon in Cleveland on our first visit to Ohio. Thanks for the welcome outside and inside of Gino's. Now on the road to PA as the cross country road trip continues. 
 How cute! Beto O'Rourke got some encouragement from this little one during his stop in Cleveland Monday. 
 Thanks for coming all the way to Cleveland, Beto O’Rourke 
Impressed w/ David Green, UAW 1112 president. His leadership, the way he's fought for employees at GM's Lordstown plant ; how he's conducted himself while being attacked by the President. He's fighting not just for his members but for their families, this community ; all workers. 
Incredible town hall in Detroit this afternoon. A powerful, necessary discussion on ensuring we have equity and opportunity in every part of our communities and country including in our institutions of education, health care, the economy, and the justice system. 
Sam asked if we're going to be nice to one another. The antidote to what we see in politics today is not more meanness, pettiness, smallness, and hatred. It is treating one another with civility and decency, and staying focused on the big things we want to accomplish together. 
With innovative skills training, hands-on certification programs and career readiness paths, the Detroit Carpenter Apprenticeship School is a model for the country. Proud of their work connecting students and graduates directly to jobs in the community. Appreciate the discussion. 
Started the week with an early morning town hall in Center Line. Great to be in Michigan for a discussion on health care, education, the environment, infrastructure, and our country's role abroad. 
This is a campaign of people. All people, no PACs. All people, no special interests. All people, no corporations. Very grateful to be running this race with you. 
Thanks for a great day, Wisconsin! See you Monday, Michigan and Ohio. We'll be at:➡Hometown Heroes Coffee in Center Line at 8:30➡Carpenters Training Center in Ferndale at 9:30➡Narrow Way Cafe in Detroit at 10:30➡Gino's Cento Anno in Cleveland at 3:30
Michigan! On the road to Center Line for a morning town hall at Hometown Heroes Coffee. Looking forward to seeing you at 8:30. 
This is a true grassroots campaign for everyone, everywhere, every single day. 
Spent the afternoon with Black Leaders Organizers for Communities (BLOC) in Milwaukee. A powerful conversation and an opportunity to listen, learn, get to know the residents of Washington Park at their doorsteps. 
Inspired by the incredible candidates taking part in the Emerge Wisconsin training. Grateful to have the chance to meet them, thankful for their leadership, and looking forward to seeing them in elected office across the state. 
  greets energized overflow crowd in Madison,  shows off the green cabbage necklace a supporter gif…
We visited UW in February to hear from students like Eliana. Today, we returned to Madison for a town hall and had the honor of being introduced by her. Thanks to everyone who joined us! 
Back in Wisconsin. Back at Culver's. 
 After kicking off presidential campaign with 3 days in Iowa, begins road trip to states won by both Obama ; Tru…
Grateful that would take the morning to welcome us to Wisconsin. A true friend and progressive fighter that never stops working for his community. 
Jack and Zane skateboarded in to join us for breakfast in Madison. 
3 days, 13 counties, 837 miles, so many amazing people coming together in:🚙Keokuk🚙Fort Madison🚙Burlington🚙Muscatine🚙West Burlington🚙Mount Pleasant🚙Fairfield🚙Washington🚙Mount Vernon🚙Cedar Rapids🚙North Liberty🚙Waterloo🚙Independence🚙Manchester🚙Dubuque 
Join us in the morning, Madison! We're meeting up at Cargo Coffee (750 E Washington Ave) at 9:30. Everyone is welcome. See you soon. 
Thank you, Iowa! An amazing visit. Can't wait to come back. We'll see you again soon. 
Closing out an unforgettable three days in Iowa with an energizing house party in Dubuque. 
Our second to last visit of our first trip to Iowa brought us together in Manchester. Now on the road to Dubuque! 
Really glad we could spend some of our Saturday afternoon coming together for a town hall in Independence. A discussion about our goals for the future and how we can achieve them together. 
Going door to door with before Tuesday's SD30 special election. 
Waterloo! Thank you for coming out to kick off a big afternoon of GOTV as we help elect your next State Senator Eric Giddens. 
 What the crowd at Waterloo rally for Eric Giddens looked like: 
  in Waterloo says his run is “A campaign for everyone in this country, for all of America ... no one left…
 Beto O’Rourke in Waterloo: “It doesn’t matter if you got here six generations ago or six days ago. You are my fellow American.”…
Thanks for running this race with us, North Liberty! Great conversations along the way and enjoyed the post-5K Casey's breakfast pizza. 
 finishes a 5K in North Liberty, Iowa this morning and heard straight toward a crowd of people with to answer…
Each of the communities we've had the opportunity to visit so far in Iowa have left me feeling more hopeful, more excited, more certain that this country is going to overcome the very serious challenges we face. And we're going to do it together. 
Appreciate the opportunity to join and on tonight's conversation! Our thanks to for hosting. 
 “Everyone wants to know that they matter...No one should be taken for granted.” -  h…
 . refers to the press as "not the enemy of the people, but instead, the best defense against tyranny."
 "I will work with anyone, anytime, anywhere to advance this country." -Beto O'Rouke 
Stop by EduSkate Board Shop while you're on the block. Another great small business to check out. 
Proud to see the Cedar Rapids community supporting hard working small businesses like Analog Vault. Impressive collection! 
Amazing energy this afternoon in Mount Vernon at the Sing-A-Long and Yock's Landing. Great seeing everyone. 
Regardless of any difference that could divide us, we are going to come together at this moment of truth. I'm convinced of it. 
Really good questions, ideas, and solutions at today's town hall in Washington. Appreciate Richard and Robin opening up their gallery for the discussion. 
Thanks to Central Park Coffee for hosting our morning town hall in Mount Pleasant. Enjoyed the opportunity to bring the community together and take their questions. 
  begins Mount Pleasant stop with comments on New Zealand, calling it act of hate “we condemn in no uncertai…
  begins his Mt. Pleasant event addressing the massacre in New Zealand: 
Grateful for the time that Ray Defenbaugh took this morning to share his insights about ethanol and bring people together for an early Friday morning discussion in West Burlington. 
We don't back down in the face of Islamophobia and racism at home or abroad. We stand up, stand together and make it clear that terrorism won't be met with indifference but with action that honors our diversity as the people of the world. Thinking of our friends in New Zealand.
An unforgettable first day in Iowa. Thank you to Keokuk, Fort Madison, Burlington, and Muscatine for the welcome, the inspiration, the reminder why we're all doing this together. 
Grateful for the warm welcome in Muscatine tonight! 
Grateful to have the opportunity to meet with and listen to union members like Doug as we work to bring more Americans into high skill, high wage jobs. Enjoyed spending time at IBEW Local 13. 
Quick update from the road in Iowa. We just filled up the Dodge Grand Caravan for $28.53. Your donations are literally keeping us fueled up as we begin this campaign. Chip in $28.53 now to keep us on the road:
Quick update from the road in Iowa. We just filled up the Dodge Grand Caravan for $28.53. Your donations are literally keeping us fueled up as we begin this campaign. Chip in $28.53 now to keep us on the road:
Quick update from the road in Iowa. We just filled up the Dodge Grand Caravan for $28.53. Your donations are literally keeping us fueled up as we begin this campaign. Chip in $28.53 now to keep us on the road:
Quick update from the road in Iowa. We just filled up the Dodge Grand Caravan for $28.53. Your donations are literally keeping us fueled up as we begin this campaign. Chip in $28.53 now to keep us on the road:
Quick update from the road in Iowa. We just filled up the Dodge Grand Caravan for $28.53. Your donations are literally keeping us fueled up as we begin this campaign. Chip in $28.53 now to keep us on the road:
Quick update from the road in Iowa. We just filled up the Dodge Grand Caravan for $28.53. Your donations are literally keeping us fueled up as we begin this campaign. Chip in $28.53 now to keep us on the road:
Quick update from the road in Iowa. We just filled up the Dodge Grand Caravan for $28.53. Your donations are literally keeping us fueled up as we begin this campaign. Chip in $28.53 now to keep us on the road:
  in Iowa explains why his small dollar, no PAC money campaign strategy can work, cites his Texas race: “We…
Quick update from the road in Iowa. We just filled up the Dodge Grand Caravan for $28.53. Your donations are literally keeping us fueled up as we begin this campaign. Chip in $28.53 now to keep us on the road:  
 Beto O'Rourke stood on the counter to address and answer questions from the crowd. 
We need universal background checks in this country. No more loopholes. Common sense, supported by most Americans, and will save lives in our communities. 
  up on the counter at the Beancounter Coffeehouse in Burlington 
 . begins second event in Burlington at electrical union. 
Coming together in Fort Madison for a lunchtime town hall about the big, bold, ambitious, urgent things we want to achieve for this country at this critically important moment. 
Thanks to Principal Smith, Mr. Ehlers, the dedicated team of educators, and the students at Fort Madison H.S. for sharing their ideas on how we make our public schools a number one priority in the months and years ahead. The very future of our country is in our classrooms. 
People from every single state and territory have stepped up to make donations to our grassroots campaign this morning. All people, no PACs. Let’s keep up the momentum:  
Started the first morning of our grassroots campaign with a community meeting in Keokuk. Grateful for the welcome, the questions, the ideas for how we move this country forward. 
Kim in Keokuk! Thanks for the first photo of our campaign for president. 
I am running to serve you as the next president. The challenges we face are the greatest in living memory. No one person can meet them on their own. Only this country can do that, and only if we build a movement that includes all of us. Say you're in:  
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
All people, no PACs. The movement starts today. Are you with us?
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
I’m asking you today help us make sure that we build the greatest grassroots campaign this country has ever seen. All people, no PACs. Make a donation now to kick off our campaign the right way:
I want this to be your campaign. A campaign by all of us for all of us. Chip in to be one of our first donors:
To the members of Congress who voted to pass gun safety legislation today (including 8 Republicans): bien hecho! Super proud of El Paso for starting a chapter of on the same day. We thank you for making this progress possible! 
Really proud of Ron Stallworth, Spike Lee and the entire team behind BlacKkKlansman - courage over fear, love over hate. Felicidades Ron and Patsy, Spike Lee and team!
 Oscars 2019: 'BlacKkKlansman,' based on El Paso author's book, wins Best Adapted Screenplay 
Black History Month is a reminder that our greatest achievements flow from ensuring the greatest opportunity for all. A reminder that when we boldly confront injustice where we find it, we can speed this country’s journey towards equity and justice. 
From a bridge in Selma to the floor of the U.S. House, John Lewis has never stopped marching in order to make our country a more equitable, just, and perfect union. Happy birthday to a true American hero. 
 El Paso is not a war zone! We are a vibrant, beautiful binational community and immigrants arriving at our front door are he…
This community made me who I am. Very grateful and forever proud to be an El Pasoan. 
It's time to end the broken system of cash bail that punishes people for being poor. 
Huge honor to be with all time American hero Dolores Huerta. 
Huge honor to spend the day with members who are not only the leaders of tomorrow but the leaders of right now. With their ideas, ambition, advocacy, and activism, I know we're going to be okay. 
Our country must be defined not by our smallness, our fears, or our paranoia but by our personal stories, the courage of our convictions, and the big, bold, ambitious things we want to achieve together. 
 Today,  students were invited by former congressman of Texas to share their stories, concerns and thoug…
Listened to Democrats, Republicans, and independents at UW-Madison tonight. Made me really hopeful for the future even as we talked about some really tough issues -- climate change, health care, money in politics, racism, immigration, and unifying a divided country. 
Such a powerful conversation with an inspiring group of students at Grateful for the welcome and an unforgettable visit. 
Monday night was a celebration of what makes El Paso so special. The fact that this community is one of the safest cities in America, not in spite of but because we're a city of immigrants. 
We don't need an emergency declaration, troops deployed, or additional border walls and fencing at a time of record safety and security along the U.S.-Mexico border. 
Proud to see all of the members participating in advocacy day at our state capitol. Always inspired by those we met throughout Texas who were telling their stories, making their voices heard, creating change, and holding those in positions of public trust accountable. 
Big thanks to the Border Network for Human Rights, the talented musicians, and the more than 50 groups who helped us organize as we shared the truth about the border and celebrated our binational community. 
Very very proud of this community. We are the example that the United States of America needs right now. 
El Paso, Texas 
We're heading over to Chalio Acosta Park for a celebration of El Paso. Join us at 4321 Delta. See you soon! 
Tonight, we will meet lies and hate with the truth and a positive, inclusive, ambitious vision for the future from the U.S.-Mexico border. Join us:➡️5:00 march at Bowie HS➡️6:00 celebration of El Paso at Chalio Acosta Park
 We're joining at 5 PM TONIGHT to show the true face o…
We need everyone to join us tomorrow evening in El Paso as we celebrate our community. The country will be watching, and it falls on all of us to tell the true story about the border. 
We want to see you in El Paso tomorrow evening as we celebrate our community. Everyone is welcome. Details here:  
In less than 48 hours, we'll gather together to celebrate El Paso and tell the truth about the border. Make a plan to join us Monday evening. See you soon. 
The eyes of the country are on El Paso. And we're going to tell our story. Join us Monday evening. 
If immigrants are good for the country, the border is secure and walls end lives instead of saving them, then why does the president try to scare us about immigrants and the border and take our land to build a wall we don’t need?  

— EL PASO CALLING —Come one, come all!  A bold, confident, ambitious message for the country from the U.S. - Mexico border. *** JOIN US ***Monday 5pm at Bowie High School — 801 S San Marcial St. in El Paso, TX, USA. 
This cynical rhetoric of war, of invasions, of fear — totally disconnected from the truth — has led us to treat our fellow humans in the most inhumane way. And it hasn’t made us safer. We thought we could sacrifice some of our humanity for security, we risk losing both.
Not only that, but walls and militarization of the border have resulted in the deaths of thousands of migrants, including children. We are pushing desperate families to cross in ever more hostile terrain. We are ensuring greater suffering and death.
And, by the way, none of this stuff has worked. As the border became more militarized, and deadlier, immigrants stopped returning to their home countries. In effect, this policy actually increased the number of undocumented immigrants in the U.S.
“Yet, Mexicans nonetheless bore the brunt of the deportation campaign launched in the name of the war on terrorism, comprising 72 percent of those removed in 2009.”
“With the passage of the Patriot act in late 2001, the number of deportations increased again and reached nearly 400,000 in 2009. None of the terrorist attacks involved Mexicans, and none of the terrorists entered through Mexico...all came to the united States on legal visas.”
We’ve conflated the war on terror, the war on drugs, with immigration. This has led to mass deportations ; militarization at a time of record safety on the U.S. border. False fear is cynically stoked to harm those who pose no threat to this country. 
Our government built a border fence in El Paso in 2008, a misguided response to 9/11 (no terrorists have crossed the southern border and attacked this country). It didn’t make us any safer. In fact crime in El Paso increased after it was built.  
 It wasn't true when Sarah Huckabee Sanders said it in 2018, it wasn't true when AG Ken Paxton said it in January and it sti…
There's a reason Texas has historically been a nonvoting state. Those in power try really hard to keep people out of their democracy. That's why we need to protect and enhance voting rights. 
If you're in El Paso, it's not too late to vote in today's special election for state representative. Polls stay open until 7:00. Find your polling location here: 
My thoughts are with the injured officers and the Houston Police Department. 
Polls open in El Paso at 7:00 tomorrow for the special election that will decide who the next State Representative is for District 79. Spread the word and make a plan to vote. Details and polling locations can be found here: 

  responds to "These crocodile tears that the Senator from Texas is crying for first responders are t…
Democracy = people are the government. When the President shuts down the government he’s shutting down the people who make this democracy possible. There is a breaking point for the federal employees held hostage, and for our democracy.
My thoughts are with the families of the Fort Bliss soldiers who died during training exercises this week. 
At Fort Bliss or stationed around the world tonight, transgender troops are putting their lives on the line for our country. Grateful for their service. We will fight to ensure it's honored and welcomed.

“We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly affects all indirectly.”“Anyone who lives in the United States can never be considered an outsider anywhere in this country.” MLK



My thoughts are with the families of the Americans killed in Syria today.

At the international boundary of the United States and Mexico. Taken this evening from the Paso del Norte bridge that joins El Paso and Juarez. 
