 is a leading voice in the fight to keep us safe from radical Islam, we are fortunate to still have him in the US Senate.
If doesn't think women like should be ableto fight in combat, I suggest he watch this. 
Good vs. Evil - no it's not view toward Republicans- Countdown to May the force be with you! to
Radical Islam in upstate NY, man pleads guilty to being ISIS recruiter. Yet won't call enemy by name 
A great night in Las Vegas talking national security - if you missed the  here is my closing statement. 
Fact check I'm on the ballot in Arizona
The way the media covers you would think he is the President...he's a divider who is unfit to hold the office.
 I'm ready for the undercard debate. Good luck
 We know you're pumped ; are back in the early   
Ready to roll at the 
Great seeing Rick Harrison today before the   
Getting ready for the  tune in to tonight to watch the debate. 
Congratulations to for becoming the America's longest serving Governor EVER, surpassing former NY Gov George Clinton. 
 re brokered convention would be a great president
Thanks Catherine! 
  ; will be in the undercard  
 As a guest speaker at luncheon (which welcomes all prez cands) says Trump "unfit"... 
¡Me siento orgulloso de presentar mi documentación para la Primaria Republicana Presidencial de Puerto Rico! 
 ON AIR — on his challenge to Loretta Lynch and his plan to wage war against ISIS: 125.
 Look who arrived early to the  to set up the bar. Leading as always, 
With me and Libby Emily Allison and great grandkids born one hundred years later. 1915 2015. 
My sainted mom turned one hundred yesterday. Here she is with many family members at our party 
 is a disgrace. I'm for declaring war on radical Islam - not all Muslims.
 Strong response to  from former NY Gov. Pataki:  
 Outsider in White House race compares President Obama’s speech to a hostage video: 
 was as believable as a hostage video. Pathetic response to the worst attack on US since 9/11
 He minces no words. What do you think? 
 Any excuse to finally get my  hashtag off the ground! 
 declaring war is  a constitutional power of Congress but Congress has not done it
 Second look at 
We must declare war on radical Islam. I'm not edging toward violent speech, I'm declaring we kill them. Go ahead, arrest me.
Sizing up our next campaign vehicle!  
What a great discussion about national security with residents at Quail Hollow in Lebanon, NH.  
Terrorist pledged allegiance to ISIS on Facebook - a reminder we must do everything we can to shut down ISIS recruitment on social media.
 More  News: to make 4 stops in N.H. on Friday. 
 "Radicalization in America is not protected speech"  
  for my old boss, only pub official to ever win the   event is tonight! 
Disgusted that and the would denigrate expressions of faith and community. Trump-like in it's absurdity.
 "BDS is an antisemitic movement and it must be stopped" at 
  shows his Jewish cred by ending his remarks with "Chazak, Chazak, V'Nitchazek." 
 Standing ovation for Thanks for coming out Governor!
  is troubled by anti-Semitism as a Catholic. 
 It's a shame or aren't polling well. Stand up guys in my eyes.    
 BDS isn't a human rights movement. It's an anti-Semitic movement, and it must be stopped. - 
  Israel is the one ally whose capital we won't recognize. 
 "Jerusalem is the eternal, undivided capitol of Israel!" @ 
  LIVE on stage at  Watch NOW:  
  tells  "just get Washington out of the way and we are going to build things in America again."
Getting ready to go on stage at the RJC convention. Thank you to the for all your hard work. 
 provocative and possibly idiotic
Praying for the victims and first responders in  for a quick resolution.
 The sun peaks through the clouds this morning on the Memorial. 
Great to see you Riley! Happy Thanksgiving.  
 Also on today's show
Not sure what luxury spider-hole was hiding in on Sept11 but I saw Americans come together that day
Antonio we can't do the "political" thing - we have to do the right thing and speak out against revolting ideas. 
 idea for a Muslim registry is as revolting as it is un-American.
Yesterday, I was honored to sign my declaration of candidacy to be on the ballot in the New Hampshire  Primary! 
Discussing the danger of radical Islam w/the press after filing. We must kill them there before they kill us here 
It's official! I have filed my candidacy for President in the NH Primary.  
Alfred thanks so much for your support.  
Thanks for your support Miles!  
And well, thanks! 
Thanks Catherine for your support!  
Thanks Paul! Let's keep it rolling.  
 Fair enough, Governor.
Thanks Josh - agree we all have our flaws.  
If you want a taste of what America will look like after look at Atlantic City - hint: not great  
Hugh would love to come on as a Governor who has actually dealt with terror on US as opposed to those who theorize  
No, I thanked him for recognizing doesn't have the temperament to be president  
Thanks Bruce - hope I see you!  
"It was the video," "ISIS is the JV squad," "ISIS is contained" - any wonder Americans don't trust Obama to vet 
Obama calls Republicans  recruiters, calls us the enemy - any wonder America is so divided?
Emily, you have been hanging around Trump too much.  
 resign. Team Obama a disgrace - they believe Republicans are their enemies ; terrorists are provoked 
Today I called on Secretary to Resign.  
See you tomorrow Josh when we make it official in NH    
Tomorrow we make it official in New Hampshire  
Frank, I don't share your confidence. The attackers in  evaded French authorities who had greater power.  
Obama mocks threat of terrorists among  yet 66 already arrested in US accused of sympathizing w/ ISIS 
 said  was due to a video, a cartoon is "rationale" for  - team Obama is simply a disgrace...
John Kerry should immediately resign or be fired. Saying there was a rationale for the Charlie hebdo massacre is inexcusable
Thanks bobby jindal a great example that the American dream is alive for those who reject the lefts agenda of victimhood You are all class
 If 1 in 1,000 is a terrorist, this would mean 10 in the U.S. - on  accepting  into the…
 “It’s not a setback, it’s a catastrophe!” - disputing  's description of the 
Jake, how do we vet them? How do we keep America safe? 
 Watch on his  if elected ; more from  via  
What are we going to do? Call up the Syrian govt ; say, ‘hey, by the way, is this guy a terrorist?'"  
Enjoyed sitting down with Paul to have a serious discussion about  fiscal policy   
   both our boys served - one in Iraq and one in Afghanistan. We need to kill them there, or they will kill us here.
There is zero ability to vet Syrian refugees with confidence - can't exactly call the govt for a background check. 
President Obama fighting  ISIS isn't a "political game" we need to defeat radical Islam. 
Joining to discuss 
Most of what Trump says is fantasy so we filed for "equal time" with 16 NBC affiliates in NH, SC, Iowa ; NY  
 Thank you for your perspective/experience as Gov on 9/11 as news developed on  Manhunt   
 Couldn't agree more with 's views on ISIS. We should have already attacked them by now..
 is right. Vet these migrants against what? No records available.This is stupid.We're not fools.
Getting ready to join  to discuss  attacks and sept11 remarks
 The President's continued denial of the real threat ISIS poses to Western Civilization is extraordinary dangerous. 
Sad the main lesson took away from Sept 11th was how to fundraise from Wall Street, not a vow to keep America safe.
The Freedom Tower shines bright tonight with the colors of France, like New York ; America  will persevere. 
  says he's concerned about the direction of the republican party. Do you agree? Watch tomorrow's episo…
The dark days of 9/11 have never left me - hell on earth.  was there with me, but you wouldn’t know it today.
ISIS claims “American blood is best.” We know their plan - they intend to do here what they did in  
 Americans in France needing assistance 001-202-501-4444🇺🇸Those in US worried about family in France - State Dept Hotline …
 I'm one of the few GOP candidates to believe in  but  unlike Bernie I believe ISIS is a greater risk today.
Radical Islam is not "contained;" it is a cancer that is metastasizing across Europe and threatens our shores. 
The Obama-Clinton-Kerry axis of evasion, equivocation ; error has left America at the mercy of ISIS cowards.  
My statement on  attacks. 
Do dem candidates for pres still think climate change is our greatest security risk? Clearly it's radical Islam and we must stop isis now
My heart goes out to the families of the French victims. These horrid attacks are a shock but not a surprise. A weak America is never safe
 No one knows the horror os these attacks than the people of New York City. Thoughts and prayers for France! 
Coordinated attacks ongoing in Paris are horrifying.  We pray for a swift resolution.
 Only in NH ran into  GOP Pres Cand Former Gov Pataki at Windmill in Concord ; talked politics  
Thank you for the introduction at the forum!  
Talking about the importance of the NH Primary with of  
Wishing for luck this Friday the 13th before heading in for an interview at  
  starts at 10 a.m. EDT! Tune in to watch discuss his plans for the federal budget! 
Getting ready for  Friday with live on  
 Only 30 minutes until  w Make sure to watch and follow us for updates! 
Great to be speaking to the Greater Salem Rotary Club at the Atkinson Country Club. Fun group!  
  is back on the air this week w Tweet ?s to and make sure to watch! 
 "It's impossible to resonate when you don't even get your voice heard" tells  
 Former NY  says presidential race is turning into a 'reality gong show' 
Getting ready to join to discuss  and race 
Today we honor all those who have sacrificed so much to preserve the freedoms we hold dear.  
 by the way, good job thank you for respecting voters and treating us like we have brains. 
 Look for w/ on - online today for 
 Second in Plymouth county Iowa
One son a Marine another Army, we couldn't be prouder. Happy Birthday Marine Corps.  
Looking forward to sitting down with you! Fire away with the questions.  
How many politically connected, unsustainable  coops, like Health Republic are putting patients at risk? 
 Check out our great show podcast w    
  on my show today says  should apologize for calling some cops murderers, says…
The is right the Republican National Committee and are out to kill the New Hampshire Presidential Primary 
A big thank you to ; Marga for a spectacular Red Rally in Dover. One of the reasons I love the  
  is not about to quit...he's focused on solutions for real issues few others in GOP will talk about. 
 Great meeting tonight  
 They should be under fire. 8 at one debate is fine but why not 6 at the other? Why cut ; ?
  firing up 500 GOP activists at RED Rally   
Great to be back in New Hampshire  
Selfie time at the Red Rally with Strafford County GOP! What a great event!  
The rejection of  is yet another blow to our limping economy. It won't stop the oil but it will mean its transport is less secure
 Why is reducing Rep.  debate to a  game, citing weak  results in dropping
 why don't you organize a debate for serious candidates - those who've ac…
 We need more reasonable people like you in the debates and less nonsense! I hope the people will realize
Thanks for the encouragement Catherine  
Voters not ratings! Thanks  
The voters, not networks driven by ratings or national polls that are statistically irrelevant -should decide our next president. 
Running for the most important leadership position in the world shouldn't be reduced to the level of American Idol or Survivor. 
 One hour to  → join
 Research suggests if George gets traction ; some how is GOP's candidate for POTUS, he'd slay HRC.  Not even close. 
Biggest contributor to Syrian crisis is the hot air from failed foreign policy not greenhouse gases. 
 plan to  is Trumpesqe in it's ignorance ; ignoring main reason US has reduced carbon emissions - fracking!
Congratulations to for a great win tonight!
We need a positive agenda focused on growth and innovation to beat  -  
  still has one “undecided” voter he needs to convince… :) Watch full intvw: 
 Nice to have you, Gov! Thank you for making time for us! 
Getting ready to join and on Tune in! 
 Listen to talk w/ right now. 
Team Pataki is out in force supporting in today's election in Manchester, NH. Good luck Mayor! 
  on undercard debates: Mix it up, give everybody a chance to have their message be heard 
  on undercard  Mix it up, give everybody a chance to have their message be heard.
In my view it doesn't matter much who asks the questions, it's about the opportunity to share a message and vision. 
They hacked the CIA, Centcom, OPM - who doesn't believe home server was hacked? 
 Presidential candidate is on next to discuss the format of the next  + what he'd like to see happen.
About to join to discuss  and 2016 GOP race
Fred Thompson was a wonderful man and tremendous public servant. Libby and I extend our deepest condolences to Jeri and the entire family.
 On  says he's still running for President because people are urging him to run. GOP voters want some…
 On email's says there is no doubt in his mind that her emails have been hacked.
 We are up and on air! Be sure to join  on ; are on th…
  on server scandal.   
Going on fox this morning at eight. I'll explain why Hillary is unfit to be president
Mayor Rudy Giuliani Endorses Kate Murray 
 Thank you for reminding the country the importance of  
 Kathy sadly the only people who don't think HRC email was hacked are in the media. No apology necessary.
CO2 is a greenhouse gas that persists. I reject plan to tax ; regulate, we can innovate clean energy 
Looking forward to it Howie! 
The only people who really believe bathroom server wasn't hacked are her apologists in the media.  
 I still don't understand why isn't way up in the polls
Thanks for the shout out Benjamin! 
Embrace science, embrace innovation and technology.  
  "What we have to do in America is honor blue collar work again." 
I've cut taxes more than anyone on this stage and the next stage combined..I'll cut taxes as President 
 also endorses bold  on 
 "I've cut taxes more than anybody on this stage..." -
  Barack Obama is the first president in American history to hold our military hostage. 
  hits on spending veto: "Barack Obama is the first president in American history to hold our milita…
  understand that to change Washington, you have to understand government as well"  
Getting ready for the debate. Don't forget to tune in tonight at 6pm ET. 
Tune in to hear my message for a common future, common destiny and strong America!  
"Research shows the taller nominee...goes on to win." Leading the field at 6' 5"!  
George Pataki speaks in CNY: doesn't think laws apply to her |  
It gets personal Candidate Cafe! One of the many great things about New Hampshire.  
Hitler ; slavery? -- Are Wendell Willkie and Abe Lincoln in this primary? We need leadership to move forward not backward.
  chuckles at campaign cuts  via 
 On CNN "chuckles" at Jeb campaign cuts. 
Getting ready for my "Close Up" Tune in Sunday!   
Bottomline Libya policy was a failure then and is still a failure today. Another failed state haven for radical Islamists.
   has tremendous integrity." 
  "[Clinton] did pretty much everything wrong, and yet has denied it and lied about it." 
  "American people overwhelmingly, including Democrats, know that is untrustworthy" 
Joining on now
DC is broke, to get things done we need to reach across the aisle, like ; I did to reform NY's drug laws 
At the risk of appearing to be a complete nerd, I went bird watching with ; my bird call attracted a 747 
CO2 is a greenhouse gas ; makes the earth warmer - that's not a GOP or Dem position it's an intelligent position.  
Maybe the Mexicans will pay for a wall so big that it will keep out illegal immigrants, terrorists ;   
 When isn't on the campaign trail, he's bird-watching: 
 like a schoolyard bully spewing nonsense re: 9/11 - wonder why is he going after Bush when Clinton was in office of 8yrs
Enjoying a  IPA by with Rockingham GOP!  
What a great welcome from owner Sandra at the Country View Restaurant in Greenland! Thank you!  
 1-on-1 w/ plus cameo Newsmakers today 
 1-on-1 w/ plus cameo Newsmakers today  via
Join us tonight at 8pm at Murphy's in Manchester, NH to watch the Mets take on the Cubs.
Through innovation and market-based solutions we can address    \
Meeting great people door-knocking in Manchester with  
Meeting voters in Manchester while door knocking with  
With the winner of the Windham Dog Parade. We're pretty sure he's not a Trump supporter. ¿Estas d'acuerdo?  
Meeting great people and talking to one of the pumpkin growers at the Goffstown Pumpkin Regatta!  
How can we expect 2 understand the needs of NH, Iowa or USA when she doesn't even understand the state she represented 
 Al-Qaeda  is responsible for the attacks of 9/11- not President Bush
Another day, another outrageous outburst from I saw firsthand President Bush's leadership on 9/11. 
Happy to take the stage with Carl Cameron to discuss Housing in America.  
Viewing the geothermal unit at this great net zero building in Windham, NH. American ingenuity at its finest.  
A shout out to Matt Varvaro a big part of our hardworking team who was profiled by  
Great meeting the ladies of with and Tom Murray in a fully green building! 
Riding through NH in the campaign Mustang!  
Mic-ing up to go on to talk about my campaign and visit to the  
Great series and a tremendous win for the Congrats!
 threatening to quit debate over opening statements ; debating too long?  Get a clue! 
Great to speak at the Sullivan County Republican Party Amos Tuck dinner.  
In the Obama - Clinton economy Americans work long days to make ends meet - the least ; can do is debate.
 look it up jay.  Don't Americans deserver more than a catchy slogan?
Sad that would skip debate on jobs and economy because they want an opening statement.
Oops! Hope the coffee on the tie dries before the editorial Board  
Great crowd in Portsmouth, NH. Discussing the future of America!  
 2016 Candidate Tracker: ; in N.H. today. 
Looking forward to the visit and discussing free market solutions to climate change.  
Bernie Sanders and HillaryClinton don't believe it - but telling the truth matters to the American people  
It's time for my Republican opponents to embrace science and fight   
Our Turn: Pataki is a proven leader and problem-solver - Thank you for your support ; Senator... 
Joining at 9:35 to discuss last night's  
 the hardest thing about going to college shouldn't be paying for your speeches 
 Those who don't believe that  should not be running for 
 will all Americans be paid to give $250k speeches to colleges? Equal opportunity  
 
 playbook - Commit a crime. Call it a mistake and partisan blow it off and move on to breaking another law.
Not one of the  contenders identify  as our current greatest threat. Forgot  blind to Syria?
Congratulations - great series! Let's Go
We can take action by developing new technologies, like fracking, that we can export to the world - creating US jobs 
Thanks to for joining me to talk about  at the Problem Solver Summit  
 ..  ;  speak to a full house at   
  speaking at Grafton County NH GOP. Doing a great job!   
  firing up the base here in Plymouth NH w his strong record   
  speaks to  - LIVE on C-SPAN    
 Agree ; sounded like the grownups in the room 
  full remarks at the convention:   
 Exclusive George Pataki interview w/ the RNC as part of the in-focus candidate series:    
  "There is a role for government to play in dealing with climate change" 
  says at 'summer of political theatre' is over. 'Let's see who can run the country.'  
  says at 'summer of political theatre' is over. 'Let's see who can run the country.'  
 I am a Republican ; I believe when we emit CO2 the Earth gets warmer.  
 On Climate Change "we have to do something about it and role for government in it".  
 "Republicans must embrace science. We can't question vaccinations or evolution and we have to acknowledge climate chang…
  (R) calls (D) onstage to discuss issues at convention    via
  bring to the stage to start a bipartisan dialogue about climate change: 
Heading into  convention stopped for a picture with a 104 year old member 
 George H.W. Bush throws 1st pitch at Astros game  
 "We're so fortunate to have your energy and your passion." - addresses student leaders at  
Looking forward to the Problem Solving Convention ; the  Columbus Day Dinner tomorrow  
Thanks for the support Morton! 
 giving very thoughtful answers to variety of questions    
Having a great lunch with NH friends before the big Yale/Dartmouth game!!  
Tune into the  on on Monday to hear some of my  plan  
50 percent more cancer diagnoses in NYPD officers who responded to Sept 11th attacks -   
 Dartmouth v. Yale football on Saturday - and (Yale,'67) will be stumping among the homecoming crowds.  
Embarassing my  colleagues won't show at an environmental forum, but most don't believe in   
I won't give you pie-in-the-sky promises...  
 offered solid ideas on modernizing tax code  ; stimulus for  in speec…
 [1/2]  has a lot to say on ISIS,taxes, environment, vaccines and rivals' pie-in-the-sky promises.  
Maybe next book should be "When a Hard Choice is not a Choice" 
  doubling down in NH, as race stretches into fall:   
 Gov. George Pataki  Herald Edit Board Wed. morning why he's running for president 
 GovernorPataki:  WomanUpUSA: HRC sent GOP candidates her book Hard Choices. Pataki's response-calls it fiction ;… htt…
 HRC sent GOP candidates her book Hard Choices. Pataki's response-calls it fiction ; promotes his daughter's new book 
  "It was Obama... who went to the UN ; in front of the world blamed the U.S. for [Benghazi attack]." 
  "I ran NY as a conservative Republican for 12 years. I know I can change Washington." 
 "[Clinton] broke the law using her private email server. She clearly jeopardized American security." 
 thanks for the book! I love historical fiction, but already reading a great book by 
 Yesterday visited campus and discussed America’s economic future.  
 Nice turnout at our NO BS Barbecue event tonight for Good guy, well received.  
Pataki was "...touching on subjects like science things that Republicans are, to some extent, stubborn about."  
It's time we end the corrupt deal in Washington. Ban  former members from lobbying ; live under laws they pass. 
Anabelle ; Gregory did their research for the homeschool project to interview all candidates! Thanks Lebanon Diner! 
 made Benghazi political when she refused to acknowledge the obvious – it wasn’t a coincident the terror attack came on 9/11
 Looking forward to appearing at our NO BS Barbecue event 10/6 at 5pm. Come on over. 
 Tuck Now: 3-term governor, talks America's economic future with ; community. 
 I am Looking forward to the NO BS BBQ with a true leader    
Thanks Scott! Looking forward to the NO BS BBQ - will talk about issues most 2016ers are afraid to address.   
  GOP hopefuls "hypocritical" for backing  
Climate change, job ; economic growth, foreign affairs...great questions from Dartmouth College Republicans!  
Having a great interview with at Dartmouth College in NH.  
Thanks for your support Bruce 
We’re going to have a president who defies the Supreme Court because they don’t agree with a ruling?  
I am stunned by those seeking our party’s nomination that defend placing ones own religious beliefs above the law. 
I have the leadership to bring people together ; the ability to govern - I ain't going anywhere.  
  "I am not going to pull a Scott Walker." 
From here on out, it's New Hampshire, New Hampshire, New Hampshire, New Hampshire, New Hampshire...  
  on running for President: "There's still time [in the race]"He talks with Steve tonight at 7:00P ET…
 TONIGHT:  on 10/1 is at 8 PM ET ; at 10 PM ET:  
 TONIGHT:  on 10/1 is at 8 PM ET ; at 10 PM ET:  
Pataki More Impressive Than Two GOP Frontrunners 
It's with a heavy heart that we all pray for those killed or injured in Oregon today. 
 NEWS:  on 10/1 is at 8 PM ET ; at 10 PM ET:  
 NEWS:  on 10/1 is at 8 PM ET ; at 10 PM ET:  
Under Obama America has retreated from the world stage and abandoned our allies like Israel.
 Listen to talk w/ right now    
 Coming up at 12:35, talks w/   
  discusses  polls with today 2pm ET 
Looking forward, I'll be joining at 12:35 
Washington is a mess ; as much as my  colleagues rail against it, most have failed to stand up for our first responders 
  take on Kim Davis meeting with Pope Francis.  
  back to NH 10/5-6. Stops include house party, Rye + Keene, Upper Valley   
  back to NH 10/5-6. Stops include house party, Rye + Keene, Upper Valley    via
 Glad to hear the GOP Pres. Candidate From "Peekskils not Washington"  will be back in NH Oct.5 ; 6 
 George Pataki: "I believe climate change is real" 
 There is one GOP candidate who believes in human-caused climate change and his name is 
If you are interested in farming and agricultural issues tune in!  
Like all Americans, Kim Davis has the right to worship as she chooses - but I would still fire her.
 Calls For Twitter CEO To Shut Down Edward Account  
Qualified today to appear on the ballot in South Carolina GOP Primary. Thanks for all your hard-work for our party.
  calls for Twitter to ban   via 
Not a traitor who put Americans at risk, hides in Russia and belongs behind bars.  
 is a great American company that should not give a platform to terrorists or traitors - shutdown today.
 Hear hear. 
Thanks Bruce! 
 New video: on Clinton emails: “More likely than not she has committed a crime.” 
 VIDEO:  speaks with 2016 GOP presidential candidate in Iowa: 
Some say you have courage, I saw real courage on  You are just a traitor who put American lives at risk. 
Yes - I believe Congress should live under all the laws they pass! And let's ban them from becoming lobbyists too. 
 ; others calling for smaller field, part of the same crowd that have jammed losing candidates on GOP for the last 2 cycles
My approach to  will make our economy stronger, more jobs and exports. 
 I'm the only GOP candidate who does 
 says liquid water found on Mars and 54% of conservative GOP believe in  - what's your react? 
I will Fitzy - we can never forget our heroes   
New poll shows 54% of conservative GOP believes in  - our voice needs to be heard debate 
I believe Climate Change is real.  And I would shout it from the rooftops.  If you agree, join us here: 
 ... event in NH with ; presidential hopefuls    
My letter to 2016ers: Let’s not do to our first responders what Washington has done to our veterans.  
Today I'm calling on all 2016 contenders to join me in supporting 9/11 workers 
Today I'm calling on all 2016 contenders to join me in supporting 9/11 workers 
Today I'm calling on all 2016 contenders to join me in supporting 9/11 workers 
We are stealing from the future when we don’t take intelligent steps to leave the world healthier.  
  It's nice to see a Red talking Green!
 A start. MT Seeing a Rep. like with enough sense to believe in climate change gives me mor…
 Seeing a Republican like with enough sense to believe in climate change gives me more faith in the party
Joined to discuss address to Congress 
 In real life, what do you call an obnoxious, vapid bully who whines when somebody finally stand up to him? Certainly no…
Thanks Kerry - appreciate the kind words!  
“We can’t have a Republican Party that rejects science,”  
Saddened by the death of legend Yogi Berra - an MVP on the field and off. 
 kicked off the  Great emphasis on the GOP needing to embrace science, not push it away.
About to kick off the Royse Law Silicon Valley Candidates Forum  
On this day of atonement, I wish all of my friends observing Yom Kippur an easy fast.
 a republican with a brain who doesn't ignore science and facts!!! Yes!!
  you made the field stronger by being in the arena. Wisconsin and our party are lucky to have you on our si…
Was honored to speak Saturday at the  Faith ; Freedom Coalition - Faith is essential to our freedom 
Scott Walker is the rare politician willing to take on the special interests. He's an important voice in the GOP and will be for many years
 "GOP shouldn't shut down the govt over Planned Parenthood-- let the president defend this barbarity” 
  says he can’t call Iran agreement a “deal” with a straight face because in a deal, both sides get somethi…
We need to crack down on radical Islam and ensure any Syrian refugees recognize our system of laws not Sharia law. 
They used to say US shouldn't elect a Catholic president ; now is saying you can’t have a Muslim president, it's just wrong.
Great to meet some of our young supporters at the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition fall dinner.  
Great to appear on the Rural Town Hall today. I will always fight for our farmers.  
  breaks ranks w/ says Ky. clerk Kim Davis should've lost her job.  
Thank you, appreciate your support!  
Great to have breakfast with my good friend today. We both agree we must protect our  
On  we remember there is a country where religion supersedes rule  of law, it's called Iran. 
Jason, laws change every year, elected officials take oath pledging to uphold all the laws not just ones they like.  
 FRIDAY on  + join at 10pm. 
 Surprised we're not hearing more about strong performance in last night's first debate. 
  makes his own argument for religious freedom   
Sorry cut me off...   
 will do for America what he did for Atlantic City, but don't worry he'll be just fine.  
 Do you agree with He says Donald Trump might be ready for prime time, but he is not ready to govern: 
If you want a preview of how plans to "make America great again" check out Atlantic City. 
 Our quick poll has people saying and did best in early debate. What do you think? 
 was the Senator of New York on Sept 11th, she has forgotten the lessons of that terrible day.  
I would have fired Kim Davis. There is a place where religion supersedes the rule of law, it's called Iran. 
Percentage of Atlantic City residents living below the poverty line, 2013: 34.3% (NJ avg: 10.4%)  
When I think of Ronald Reagan, I see that tremendous smile and the optimism for America that allowed him to transform our country 
 Big lineup for Real Time with on Friday: and
Thanks Bruce...looking forward to it! 
 keep up the fight! There are many who continue to believe in you.    
 Also ON w/ now.. The  presidential candidate talks "People Over  h…
 On on ex-N.Y Explains His Twitter War With  via…
Americans deserve to hear  real solutions at  not reality show dramatics.  
 Candidates currently touring the debate stage. touring now. and a…
 There'll be 4 podiums in 1st debate belonging to ; 
 A convo w/ GOP prez candidate on his positions ; his Twitter-war w/ - 2nite on 
 2nite on - Missouri Sen. on women's issues in the  race + GOP prez candidate - 
  get the word out- let the people know who you are!    
 thanks for the encouragement. Check out the debate tomorrow - I plan on making some noise! 
Bradley - thanks for the support! We are the party of Lincoln.  
ICYMI on  I spent some time discussing the lessons of that day with my good friend tin
Thanks Lucas! 
I have solutions they just don't fit in 140 characters ; don't involve me calling people "loser" or "third rate"  
Jeff, I feel very much the same way. But we can take it back, this is still America, the greatest country in world. 
Thanks - I hope I make you proud again.  
I've been out of politics in the private sector for over 8 years - I share your frustration with washington.  
Scott - I will be laying out my tax plan soon. I have already laid out plans on govt reform and immigration reform.  
 Jeff - I believe in treating people with dignity and respect, that's not politically correct in my book.
  does not specifically criticize union plan, or praise it. Instead focuses comments on cutting s…
 don't be "terrified" of he won't be the  GOP nominee.  
 I reduced the size of govt through a mix of layoffs, attrition, good management and privatization.
  says in reaction to union plan, most important thing to do is check growth in size and reach of…
I cut the size of NY govt by over 15,000 in one of the most pro-union states in America. I will do it as President.  
To all celebrating  Libby and I wish you a happy and very sweet New Year. Good health, happiness and peace through the year!
 Honored to be at the  at tonight's  Convention. 
Thanks Debbie... 
Term limits are a must - serve and go home-like our founders wanted. I would ban them from becoming lobbyists too.  
Wrong on that - NY went from most dangerous state to 4th safest and I cut taxes more than all  
I would hope that every one of my fellow candidates will stand up ; say our party cannot nominate
 Inbox: steps up attacks on "Our Party Cannot Nominate Donald Trump" - Pataki says he won'…
Why is a serially bankrupt who insults Mexicans, Women, Blacks, Jews ; POW's on  debate stage?  
I would hope that every one of my fellow candidates will stand up and say our party cannot nominate
I'll keep my dignity and the principles that the GOP was founded upon.  
 It is good to see people have not lost all common sense  
Let me be very plain, I'm not going to vote for ...He is unfit to be president 
Great event with A wonderful Senator for NH.  
He was always going to throw a strike.   
America has always been about the future, the next generation. Thank you NE College Republicans ;  
Throughout never compromised his conservative principles, compassion or common sense. I am sorry to see him exit this race.
"Hillary should be in jail not the Whitehouse." Great meeting with Hillsborough County GOP this morning. 
 VIDEO - on Clinton: ‘We Need a Special Prosecutor’  
 speaking intelligently on about  and  . People need to listen to him m…
  says, "We need to recapture that sense of unity" we felt after 9/11. Watch the interview @ 7:34P ET h…
 NY's governor during 9/11 former looks back:  via  
Looking forward to getting back to New Hampshire   
A shout out to a great competitor and champion - she always leaves everything she has on the court.
 says is not qualified nor fit to be
Wrote a letter telling him a shut down of fed govt is a terrible idea ; not the way to defund 
 "I can hear you"   
 Fmr. NY ; reflect on the tragic events of    
  says on MSNBC that his security detail wanted to get him to Albany command center, says he insisted on sta…
 Coming up +more…
 Inbox: letter to "Reject the failed approach of shutting down the government."
 In letter to moderate GOPer, calls govt shutdown due to Planned Parenthood defund fight "a te…
  says Americans have "forgotten" this lesson from 9/11:   
 the men and women who died on  and those who everyday put on a uniform to defend our freedoms. 
 LIVE ON TODAY: talks  refugee crisis ; his run for the Join l…
 Reminder: Gov. Branstad has ordered flags at half-staff today in remembrance of those who died on 9/11  
 It is appropriate that  officially kicks off on  The  epitomizes  who have kept …
It's tragic that 14 yrs later we are as so divided ; our leaders in Washington have forgotten the lessons of   
 on the phone with my daughter Emily who called me shaken after seeing the 1st plane hit the tower 
  on post-9/11 world: It's just tragic today that 14 years later we're as divided as I've ever seen 
 Coming up to reflect on the 9/11 attacks, Rudy Giuliani, and fmr. Gen. Michael Hayden 
  would have canned Kim Davis, had she been his employee; extra points for use of “Sharia Law": 
We get nothing out of this deal. Anyone who thinks Iran is not our enemy, doesn't follow the news.  
If Kim Davis worked for me, I would have fired her. Public officials don't get to pick ; choose which laws we uphold. 
 I was just telling my daughter the other day what a beautiful face she has. And she replied, "Thanks for saying that ab…
 Gov. Branstad orders flags at half-staff Friday in remembrance of those killed on 9/11  
 Audio/transcript of on Iran deal, Syria, refugee crisis, 1st Amendment and jihadist speech: 
  I would have fired a clerk who didn't agree to follow law   
  on  Anybody who thinks Iran isn't a U.S. enemy doesn't follow news. 
About to join talking about 9/11 anniversary  debate
 Thanks Now  Coming up and
Whether it’s ending sanctuary cities or issuing marriage licenses for same sex couples, we are a nation of laws.  
Of the 2016 GOP candidates who cut taxes most? Hint it's not 
Of the 2016 GOP contenders, who cut taxes the most? Hint it's not 
  We need to stand up against China 
About to talk China with on 
With trip to Alaska clear he is making good on promise to visit "all 57 states"
The  infrastructure plan, rebuilding America one WALL at a time. We need  government.
With college costs so high, disturbing to see public dollars spent by on pro-terrorist 9/11 course. p
 If you missed interview w/ on the show this AM, you can listen here 
 2016 News: tells that “is just dreadful” for the GOP 
  on new poll and  lead  via 
 2016 News: challenges to mano-a-mano debate on immigration, something did…
Great discussion about my vision for America with Coos County GOP Chair Karl Ruch in Jefferson!  
I love this country and am grateful for the incredible opportunities it gave to me.  
 .  my dads on the mend !Getting ready to read .PATAKI - AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY   Thanks Gov h…
Feeling right at home at Manchester's Farmers Market! 
It's great to be back in the Granite State! Thank you Greater Derry/Londonderry Chamber--great crowd!  
 actually learned and spoke Spanish on the job
2006, good times w/ back when I was a "terrific Governor." He didn't even pay me 2 go to his wedding 
 is a true leader. New York was at its best when Gov Pataki ; Mayor Guiliani were in office
 Former  and  prez candidate is back in  this week. Here are the details: 
  Trump crossed the line with  "bimbo" tweet. Watch it tonight at 7:00P ET on ht…
 The Greater Salem NH Chamber Business Round Table 8/27 with 8/27, : … … … ht…
20 years ago Rudy ; I teamed up w/ to reclaim a national symbol of blight Today, is throwing it away.
  talk about the U.S. economy, China and his rival, today 2pm  
 1M fewer on welfare, cut dozens of taxes, preserved 1000's of acres of public space. y…
 Donald are you talking about all those years crime went down, taxes went down and your property values went up?
  on  'Anchor babies' not a term I would use
 Good morning! Joining us today, Fmr. Obama Adviser Austan Goolsbee, and 
 Coming up: will be joined by a GOP presidential candidate. 
About to join to talk  and 
 It's ; followed by in favorable ratings of GOP hopefuls among Hispanics  
 Tune in tomorrow at 2pm ET for interviews with  candidates and
 " worked across the aisle in New York, and that's what we need so badly now in Washington" -
 2016 GOP presidential candidate joins us tomorrow  
 I have. It starts with not taking 275k speaking fee at a college and then wondering why tuition is so high. 
So proud of our three American heroes who showed such courage in the face of terrorism.  
  Blasts  today on my show saying comments on  are "un-American, arrogan…

 Tune in Sunday AM on my show to hear talk    
 as if his idiocy was a planned campaign
Judge says emails "... a violation of government policy." I renew my call for an independent prosecutor to investigate.
Congrats to for Manchester, NH being named best city for small business in America!   
Libby and I would Iike to extend our thoughts and prayers to President Jimmy Carter.  Best wishes on your recovery ; continued good work.
 Debt was Focus for ; in  
One thing to put the fox in charge of the henhouse, it's another to put the world's leading terrorist in charge of their own nuclear arsenal
2/2 It’s time for ; to remember the lessons of 9/11, arming the  sponsor of state terror is a recipe for disaster.
1/2 With every new revelation Obama’s Iran deal gets worse. Allowing Iran to inspect their own facilities is reckless, dangerous ; stupid.
This is not a plan, it's a pander. I don't support amending the Constitution to kick out kids born here.  
 "These are all simplistic soundbites," says of immigration plan.
  Donald Trump's plans on immigration and ISIS are "simplistic sound bites"  
It's time for grown up government, Mexico is not going to pay us to build a wall.   
 Guess who's the only candidate running for President that's still a farmer?    ht…
 Just had the pleasure of a visit from 3-term NY Governor  
Tired of Washington double talk? As President I will get things done across party lines. 
We are going to shrink Washington, make it again the servant of the people instead of our master.  
 10 minutes to tune in to to see talk about the threat of  and  
Headed over to to discuss threat of  and radical Islam...then a full day in Iowa
 "I don't have a plane. I have 3 tractors,"  stressing his ag bonafides to Iowans:  
  takes Q;A, tells public school teacher you won't like my answer, strongest charter school law in NY. fa…
 "We don't need to change the gun laws, we need to change the mental health laws." -  
Thanks Randy, look forward to being back. 
 And now is interviewing who just finished  Live  
 Fmr. NY Gov. taking some questions after his   Now heading out to walk the fair. 
 Really like this guy---wish there was more of him!
   
 maybe if CNN didn't devote so much time to a reality star. A real leader like the gov could g…
Honored to speak today at the Iowa State Fair,   
 At  speech: At State Fair, talks about his time leading New York:  
 Nice to see and stop by the Iowa Pork Tent today!  
Looking forward to   
Great time marching in the Londonderry Old Home Days Parade.Thanks to everyone who came out 
  walked in a parade in  today. The only presidential candidate that came. at 5. 
The Pataki Parade Brigade ready to march in the Londonderry Old Home Days parade! 
I'm about to join live from New Hampshire. Tune in! 
Looking forward to joining Fox and Friends at 8:45 from Manchester, New Hampshire  
 How much longer must we put up with these barbarians! 
Hope you are back in the dugout soon! 
  will stop by the Londonderry Old Home Day Parade tomorrow at 1030 am;    via
Sickened by news of rape of  by  Now reports ISIS used mustard gas on Kurds. We must kill them there b4 they strike here.
 George Pataki stumping.       
 At the Windham NH senior picnic waiting for George Pataki.    
 Fiorina's comments about vaccinations last night flew under the radar a bit, but clearly has legs ; 
 Republicans feud over controversial issue of vaccinations 
Not sure how you run a major tech company ; reject accepted science that has eradicated diseases like small pox ; polio
Pandering for votes isn't going to win us back the Presidency. Optional vaccinations is bad for public health ; bad politics.
 I will be with  Friday ; my wife will introduce  in Windham tonight you have to love 
2Nite open against ; the FBI opens top secret emails. Who are you rooting for? 
Over 70,688 rent-regulated apartments, in just Manhattan, moved to the market because of our conservative policies. 
 Clinton team wants us to believe this was voluntary? They seem incapable of a straight answer. 
Top secret emails found on personal server. I have called for an independent prosecutor, it's time. 
$275,000 could have paid a year of tuition for 42 students at UB, but was  
  News: has 7 stops planned in N.H. on Fri-Sat.
  just told me if we get the gov't out of the way, we can do anything. Do you agree? 
Joining to discuss  
So honored to be invited by  to debate at Ronald Reagan Presidential Library on Sept 16  
 To be completed by 2016, 3 WTC now stands at half of its final height of 1,170 feet. 
Libby ; I are deeply saddened on the passing of the great Frank Gifford. ; family are in our prayers. 
The question for anyone running for President - How will you change Washington? 
 I stand with intelligent, articulate, insightful, assertive, confident, a true professional.
We don't need a government reality show, we need grown up government. 
  on to "His candidacy is an absolute travesty and it's hurting the Republ…
  "I was appalled at that debate that so few of my fellow candidates were not willing to take on
  "We need better jobs. Our taxes on corporations are highest in the developed world"
  "The  is an abomination"
  on defeating  "We have got to empower our  on the ground"
  "Do not let  have access to any media in America"
Looking forward to joining on today at 10:00am
 Just confirmed for tomorrow's GOP candidate/former NY governor
  on break from campaigning in support of me (and !   
 not accurate - I have called him out since his comments on Mexicans
Sad but predictable meltdown from Trump. With all due respect to the outrage at Trump's divisive language is long overdue.
 People/groups Trump savaged pre-Kelly: Mexicans, McCain, POWs in general, Jeb, Walker, Krauthammer, Geo F. Will. Only now…
 From snapchat. Post candidate forum dinner with and Sen. Santorum 
 New email $ pitch says he can defeat terrorism,"only candidate who led through a crisis"...will Gilmore ; C…
WATCH If you are interested in hearing ideas about  instead of the Trump Circus   
Congratulations Jon Stewart 16 years, 4 terms - the FDR of comedy news - almost as funny as at 
 These guys just shared the stage, now they are sharing dinner. 
 Watching the 2nd debate with friends. 
 on  was asked whether it was weird to debate in an empty hall. "I'm a New York Republican -- I'm used…
 Joined now by
 No 10-year boots on the ground to defeat ISIS. Destroy ISIS training camps. They're coming for us.
 To reduce gov't welfare,change incentives.Must pay, after-tax,to work,not choose welfare. r…
  Good people want to be part of American dream. But benefits make it so work isn’t in their economic …
 Pataki came across as experienced, trustworthy and determined. Did very well.
 Good answer by "replace dependency with opportunity". 
 U can tell has debated before-will b interesting 2see what viewers think   
  "Good people who wanted to be a part of the American dream became trapped in dependency."
  "Good people who wanted to be a part of the American dream became trapped in dependency."
  "Good people" in NY became "trapped in dependency" by gov't welfare. "I changed that." 
  on  Violence against Americans is "not protected speech."   
 . who has 2 sons who served in military, says he'd "destroy (Isis') ability to attack over there and then g…
  on Syria/ISIS: "What we need to do is to destroy their ability to attack us over there and then get out." 
 We have got to destroy radical islamists' training camps and recruiting centers "over there" says. 
 "Religious liberty" doesn't include encouraging a fellow American to participate in jihad, says. 
 we need to get the economy growing faster by throwing out a corrupt tax code and lowering the tax rate…
 We agree with We need to get our economy growing much faster by fixing the tax code and lowering rates.…
 “We need new leadership, yes, I will be that new leader.” -
  said last time he was ready to lead, not to run. Now he's ready to unite people like he said he did in NY 
 We need to rebuild our military to stand up to radical Islam, says. 
 Peekskill gets some love on debate stage screen with 
  is underway.
 90% positive spotted behind the Fox News moderators for the early  is participating in:
LIVE on  Fired up and ready to go for the  
Another Predebate ritual - knocking out a few push-ups. I'm pumped for the  
About a half hour till the first  - check out the pre-debate rituals of the candidates 
Great seeing NH's own out here in Cleveland!   
 In Ohio, says he's "disappointed more of my colleagues" didn't condemn Trump's immigrant comments  
 [2/2] "... thinks you're going to send 11 million people on buses back to where they came from." 
 "I'm not about theater. I'm about governing and bringing people together." 
 "It's not about setting your phone on fire...it's about having solutions." on his candidacy
 &gt on  "(He) is there because he is a celebrity." 
 Tonight @ 10PM on   Special-"Person Behind the Policies"w/ , ;
 How is preparing for the  tomorrow night, ; what does he make of  asks him, next…
The 9pm debate is all about name ID...if ran for president he would be in that debate ; would be next to me
  “I understand what good jobs mean and what it’s like to be a working American.”   
Joining now!
 GOP candidate for President joins us tonight to go ON THE RECORD at 7p
 Excited to hear  Next   
 Tx for speaking up on mental health issues. We hope all candidates will speak on this 
 at the Presidential forum in Cleveland 
  says America doesn't want prez who calls  thugs and rapists   
I would work to get enough Democrats to stand with the Republicans to defund  
If you missed last night's  Forum here is your chance to catch up.  Thanks  
 American Pharoah to run in the Travers Stakes in Saratoga. This is a big, big deal 
Joining on - Tune In 
Next....I'm joining on the  Tune In!
  on  I actually want to solve problems.
About to join on - Tune In!
 Good work at  tonight  
 "In my lifetime I’ve never seen America more divided than it is today." - on political polarization. 
 shoots straight on  and continuing, growing threat of radical Islam. Strong showing in Round 2. 
  shows foreign policy depth. Expected?  
 In GOP debate,  harks back to Sept. 11 to stress need to fight ISIS. "We cannot be passive."
  "ISIS poses a very clear threat to us... tweeting, recruiting Jihadists."  
  at  Forum.  Watch the complete  Forum here: 
 So far, only mention of  core in the Manchester Union Leader's candidates forum came from He wants…
 GovernorPataki:  FA_Mitchell: Pataki touts having worked in a factory and promoting manufacturing jobs
 Pataki touts having worked in a factory and promoting manufacturing jobs
 Pataki actually is doing very very well! This is going to give him a boost for sure.
 Pataki suggests he can get Democratic votes to repeal Obamacare...
 George Pataki: "We should reduce the size of the federal workforce by at least 15%." 
  on taxes: I'd have our manufacturing rate the lowest in the world.   
 Honored to host tonight's  forum. Proud of our students, and thankful to our staff who made it possible! 
  mentions opposition to  There is certainly good evidence CC's a bad idea 
 US has highest tax on manufacturing in the world today- need to lower the tax burden-he supports 12% …
And the funds redirected to other women's healthcare providers.  
 Should Planned Parenthood be defunded? says yes, and funds should be redirected for other women's healt…
 We need 2 cut size of the federal gov't 15%. I will work to get Democratic support via  ht…
10 minutes till the beginning of the  forum. I get last word in the 1st round- so stay tuned!  
Arriving at St. Anselm for the Voters First Forum!  
  pops into the auditorium to scope out the  stage. 
 New Hampshire: When you can literally just walk down the street and find presidential candidates. 
Excited to join Voters First Forum tonight at 7pm. Tune to or   
 Just another night in Iowa with   
 As the candidates race toward the 1st debate read the interview with  
  I'm the only GOP candidate "who says "let's not try to repeal Roe v. Wade"  
  on Donald Trump: "We don't need someone who is going to divide us"  
 NH Thumbs its Nose at FOX over Presidential Debates---(Yahoo)The Republican presidential primary forum next... 
Getting ready to join the set - tune in! 
  tapped into enormous anger towards Washington 
We are going to bring America back by bringing people together!   
 Gosh I just like the idea of a farmer in the Whitehouse.
  and join us tomorrow!  
 well said governor... 
Sad that  gets tougher penalty for deleting txt messages then gets for risking our national security. 
Pataki "...is someone who has a realistic view of things for Republican candidates. So he’s definitely on my radar" 
 the outrageous  ; to Hitler's Holocaust only secures Democratic support for its passage.
He's "trying to appeal to people who are fiscally conservative but a kind of libertarian bent on social issues"  
Every "grandmother with two eyes ; a brain" knows storing classified information on a home server is dangerous  
 ; Colin Powell remind us of dark days but also how we came together as Americans.   9/11 
“Well, it’s an awfully unique combination: selling at a farmers’ market ; running for president,” 
 Here are photos of George Pataki, presidential candidate, on a tractor at his cattle farm  via
I grew up on a farm and feel blessed to be able to stay connected to the land.  f 
Who would have expected the only candidate running for President with a farm, is the guy from New York? 
Every "grandmother with two eyes and a brain" knows storing sensitive classified information on a home server is dangerous
Agree with that remarks are "sad," unfortunately, it comes from the most divisive President in history 
 Good article about - George Pataki Is Wearing Two Hats: Presidential Candidate and Cattleman  
 Former is wearing two hats: presidential candidate and cattleman  via
"The Iran deal is an awful deal but most importantly it's an immoral deal that must be rejected."-NH Security Summit 
Great crowd and great people at Summer Beerfest in Manchester, NH! FITN 
Today on I called for a Special Prosecutor to investigate latest in email scandal.  
  - stopped by Windmill Family Restaurant to shake hands w/the b-fast crowd: 
Getting ready to go live on from NH at 1:05! Tune in!  
Talking Veteran concerns, Iran deal debacle and chickens with my fellow farmers Thanks JP!  
 Live Stream on GrokTALK live now on !!, ...   
Grok Talkin' on Thanks Mike, Skip ; Steve--you're right, the government is too big and growing.  
Great meeting voters at the Windmill Restaurant in Concord! Always such a warm greeting in the Granite State.  
Answering a NH vet's ? on Obama ; TN killings: His solution is to take off  uniforms. My solution is to put on guns. 
 Thank you ; for touring  energy efficient fire station.   ht…
Touring Hopkinton FD's energy efficient wood pellet heating system! Lowering costs ; keeping environment clean.  
I will  my remarks at the event at the Hopkinton Fire Dept at Aprox. 6:45 tonight! Stay tuned. 
I have as much confidence in Justice Department to investigate emails as I do in hairdo on a windy day,
 Former NY Gov. Full Speech at  in NYC 7/22/15 | 
Thanks James - working on getting more people to hear! 
  on  1360:  gave a good speech at  rally 
A little early for beer and nacho day so I guess we will talk issues 
Great conversation with last night. We discussed  and  Listen in at 94:15 minutes 
Giving hundred of billions to Iran, knowing some of it will go to crimes against humanity. How bad is that?  
 at the  tonight in Times Square 
 Happy 92nd birthday Bob Dole. WWII veteran, Senate Maj. Ldr, ; photo from his '96 presidential campaign 
 Hello Mr Pataki, I heard you quote this on Mark Levin's show. I'm a follower Sir!!! 
 you said all the right things.  Keep it up and your poll numbers will dramatical…
 "Islamic terror cannot be ignored" speaking at the  
 forgot the lessons of 9/11, we don't need another appeaser in chief in the WH we need a commander in chief 
LIVE on  About to take the stage 
About to take the stage at the  will broadcast from periscope
 2016 News 1st on - in  Friday ; Saturday    
If I had to bet my right arm will not be president
 Things are great today Windham Town Beach 4 people with  T-shirts on 2 with Trump t-shirts  …
We should not be signing on to a deal with a country whose leaders urge "Death to America" 
Pataki lambasted Obama for bypassing Congress, saying it might “be a violation of his oath in office..."  
I think the Republicans who didn’t stand up to his (Trumps) comments about Mexicans are going to regret it next year 
 welcome to the race! Look forward to seeing you in New Hampshire at the  Voters First Forum
 instead of taking their uniforms off should be strapping their guns on. 
  Servicemen in military should be able to arms themselves
 WATCH: declares  is not going to be President of the United States."
  joins us now on 2016 presidential race.  Watch us on
  headlining times sq. anti-iran-deal rally, at least according to robocall
 pass a law, along with a law that makes congress live under all the laws we live under - like 
 I agree - I would fight for term limits too!
 Today there is one former member of Congress lobbying for every sitting member-that has to change. Serve ; go home
My plan 1)lifetime ban on members of congress lobbying 2) 15% reduction in fed workforce 3)Toss tax code 
 Damn right Gov Pataki! We don't run or hide in our own country. Period.
Sorry - 6 years not good enough, to change corrupt culture we need a lifetime ban on members of Congress lobbying
Instead of telling  to take off their uniforms, pull the blinds ; hide from  in our own country - let them carry firearms.
It's a despicable surrender to radical Islam to have our proud  take off their uniforms in our own country.  
Congratulations on a thrilling win at the British Open!
  :  with GOP Candidate     
Tune In - Joining at 12:35 to discuss  and latest  issues. Listen Live 
 Coming up this hour, talks w/ ; 
Pres Obama taking the  to the UN, ignoring the law he signed, is an act in violation of the sovereignty of the United States.
  absolutely slams Obama's  It's outrageous and a clear threat to the USA, and Congress must reje…
 GOP contender declares: has disqualified himself from the presidential race. 
Tune in to at 8:40 talking to about the ; the  headed to the UN tomorrow.
 Join and others at a  rally in Times Square next Wednesday. Full details at 
 Audio/transcript of intv w/ re TN terrorist and POTUS-Iran "deal": 
As the parents of a proud Marine our hearts break for the families of our servicemen killed today in Tennessee.  
  White House hopeful will be stumping in his home turf tonight at Italian Feast of Mt Carmel in…
Catch my interview from yesterday on the  with today at 1pm, then head over to ; at 1:45pm
 charitable giving is critical to so many impt causes  - I will be putting forth a comprehensive tax plan to address
Looking forward to the forum and another opportunity to speak directly with NH voters    
 Happy day! Lucky me! I get to work w/one of my favorite anchors -  - join us at 1 pm ET for his interview …
 . would ban on members of Congress from being lobbyists. Even for a 1 day.  
 Pataki: Even though radical Islam is an ocean and a continent a thousand miles away, it poses a threat to our safety
  experience was gained in the bluest of states" via   
Using drugs to rape a woman, is rape. Obama should find the courage ; the "mechanism" to revoke Cosby's Presidential Medal of Freedom
Pragmatism is what drives Pataki's policy portfolio. George Pataki Takes His Longest Shot 
It's clear by her support of the  that has forgotten the lessons of September 11th. 
Standing by to discuss President Obama's presser on the  with
  is a celebrity. Ultimately, you want a leader who can bring people together. 
  on When you do things like demonize Mexicans, then I think you've crossed the line 
Heading over to join at 9:50 to discuss   and how to win in 
 The interview with   
 Lifting econ sanctions ; arms embargo? For biggest sponsors of state terrorism? I don't get it.
 New pro super PAC ad hits as 'unelectable'    
email : Webview : Governor Pataki Statement on Iran Nuclear Deal  
Obama assertion that 24 days is not enough time to cover up a violation is as logical as claim that obscure video ignited Benghazi 
I’m saddened and shocked that in endorsing this deal has so clearly forgotten the lessons of 9/11 
The Iran deal announced today is a colossal catastrophic capstone to the failed Obama - Clinton foreign policy. 
It should be painfully obvious that a government that endorses the credo "Death to America" is a danger to our safety ; security. 
 "We cannot expect Israel to go back and unilaterally surrender their safety."   
 . visited today. Check my --davecatanese--for his quick pitch. 
  to  " is not a human rights movement - it's an anti Semitic movement"   
 Giving Iran billions of dollars to funnel into terror is 'incredibly stupid' -
 "[giving Iran billion of dollars] is a stupid policy that I will just NOT support."   
 We hope that this deal in its current form does not pass. But hope is not a strategy. Action must be taken -
 "I don't trust the government"but he has such passion for America, especially when talking about 9/11 …
 speaking about his passion for defending freedom is fantastic! 
 Right now we have a President and administration putting distance between us and Israel 
  is speaking now at  
 And that is the reason why is the better presidential candidate from New York.   
 Radical Islam is a threat not just to the Middle East but in washington, New York, right here 
Getting ready to join at a huge and pumped 
From the little we know I oppose the  Israel is America's most staunch ally in the Middle East 
We must destroy the threat of ISIS. If it requires boots on the ground, I would deploy ; get out-no nation building,no occupation 
  among GOP presidential hopefuls pushing back at Donald Trump  - staff
 reach out to
 Hydro fracking has been an energy revolution reducing our dependency on foreign oil and bringing manufacturing jobs 
Bradley I would cut off discretionary federal aid to sanctuary cities.   
 Apple Pie 
Taking a quick break from answering  questions to do
Great questions being submitted for  – Keep them coming! Answering as many as we can.
 We must do everything in our power to fight ISIS and kill them over there before they attack us here. 
We are now LIVE for  until 1pm EST – Ask your questions and I'll answer as many as I can. Include 
Our  LIVE chat will begin in an hour (at 12pm EST). Ask your questions ( just include  ).
Looking forward to joining today at noon on the will discuss ; 
Excited to answer your questions during our  LIVE chat on Monday, July 13 from 12 - 1pm EST. Include  in your question.
 The first candidate to call out - joins me now to discuss Trump’s traction in
Really enjoying my time in Iowa among wonderful people at Rotary Club of Des Moines and Zion Lutheran Church.  
Obama administration record on cybersecurity so poor, Archuleta resignation like firing chef on the Titanic 
 Karen I oppose illegal immigration and believe we need to secure the border.
A special congrats to Pittsford, New York's own and all of      
Congrats on world's most powerful chip, I'll bring this kind of innovation policy to Washington 
Congratulations Rita! 
Congratulations and my good friend David Beasley who had the courage to lead on this issue as Governor. 
We have a tremendous opportunity with Latino voters...To lose that over divisive rhetoric would be tragic  
Chinese compromise the data of 21 million federal employees but basement server is secure?  
  on  comments on Mexicans were "repulsive to me"  
 Ex-Govs ; are surprised they now have the power to marry people. 
 Today on  I'm joined by to talk immigration, debates and more. Watch live at 5EST: 
Great to be in Iowa today talking about our economy and immigration with Hispanic business leaders 
 George Pataki, a chief critic of Trump's remarks on Mexicans, is in Iowa today. On Spanish radio station La Reina KDLF…
 Presidential hopeful George Pataki to also meet with African immigrant groups in Iowa, at 5 pm, Zion Lutheran Church, …
Headed to Iowa today meeting with Hispanic business leaders...still no word on a debate from the  
Hillary Clinton knows the ropes—when it comes to keeping herself from the people ; the press.Where is accountability? 
Skimm Your Candidate. I answered a few questions on behalf of the popular daily email, The Skimm. Read here: 
Glad the ticker tape parade for  will be held in NY. First female athletes to receive this honor in 55 years! 
 Worth reading. He sounds human and sane.  
Check out my interview – 
My grandson Patrick Arthur was born yesterday, 7 lbs, 4oz, 20 inches. We welcome the newest member of our family! 
Here's a video where I answer a few  questions - &gt; 
 has no shame, lecturing GOP on immigration yet her support of Sanctuary Cities is dangerous disgrace 
 Former First Lady Nancy Reagan celebrated her 94th birthday today at home with friends. 
 Subbing fpr on radio this morning 10-12noon Greece, Trump, and more.
  on "I say, let’s go ‘mano a mano’ on immigration policy. Let’s get past name calling..."
  showed up to a presser with N.H. reporters carrying this rope, teasing about corralling us all in. htt…
Congratulations to our Women's US Soccer team! What a win!  
Go USA!!  
 arrives in  for a  Independence Day event. His thoughts on at 6. 
  addressing the crowd in  at a  Independence Day event. at 6.   via…
Great to be back in NH for the Merrimack County GOP Independence Day picnic!  
 thank you Governor! I completely agree with you!
 TUNE IN ALE: to join me at 2pm on to respond to Twitter comments
 El republicano dijo que comentarios de Donald Trump son irrespetusos con los latinos 
 My family ; I became citizens ; have worked very hard to be good …
  asked if had ever given $ to Answer: Yes. 
 Can you keep track of all the  candidates? Fmr NY Gov talk his plans for 
  tells he likes for president  
 Today at 2pm - my interview w/Presidential candidate Gov Pataki 
  I am going to reform Washington  
 Thanks Gov.  Your "matter-of-fact(ness)" is a "vision" the US is need…
 TODAY ON 
 Coming up...  
Keep up the good fight USA!    
 You can't yell fire in a crowded movie theater, hate speech ; plots to kill Americans is not protected
 The celebration continues July 5: NHGOP Independence Day event in Allenstown will feature an…
Why is the Obama admin failing to crack down, hunt down and eliminate ISIS recruitment on the Internet? 
It took a week for the liberal elites to decide comments on Mexicans are offensive.  
Tune In - I will be joining the John Gibson Radio Show at 2:30 
Congratulations ; God bless the ; all those who put on the uniform ; protect us everyday  
Let's all take a minute to say a prayer for the victims of South Carolina. To move forward we have to eliminate hate. 
   supports lifetime ban on retired members of Congress as lobbyists.  Let's spotlight his leadership o…
LIVE on  
We will be doing a  on SCOTUS decision on Obamacare at 12:15 from NH.
Sadly,  has again stretched to save  making plain the need to repeal ; replace with a patient-centric market based plan.
Thanks for stopping by our Manchester HQ! Watch to see what we talked about!  
Governing is about solving problems and putting people before politics,   
Traditional politics and Cookies in NH -&gt; 
We don't need gun law reform, we need mental health reform so those mentally ill don't have access to weapons.  
Best part about NH is  people look you in the eye and ask you a question. You're held accountable on the spot.  
  Won't find Confederate symbol on a real flag in Capitol because took them down...in 1997.
What a great way to spend a birthday! Conversation and cake at the Mug in Center Harbor!  
I’m putting my trust in the people at “The Mug” and throughout America to hire the next President.  
Thank you Senators Nancy Stiles ; John Reagan for this great reception!  
Welcome to the race - see you on the trail!
Want to thank everyone who came out today for the   -  a great day 
I'm having a great time at the first Picnic with Pataki! Great crowd in Newcastle, NH!  
Will be broadcasting live on  from Robie's Country Store in Hooksett, New Hampshire at 2pm  
 Members of the No Labels team just arrived in New Castle for the picnic! 
 Thank you for joining us Gov George Patak luckonyour presidentialcampaign.  Happy Birthday! h…
I want to hear from you. If you could ask me any question, what would it be? Ask away. I’ll answer a few via video this week. 
What a great welcome at a great place! in Hampton, NH 
Which 2016 candidate has the best electoral record? | OnPolitics 
 says race relations went backwards when Holder embraced   
Joining to discuss   ; oped from ; 
Thank you and for your support - Pataki's call for bipartisan approach shows a true leader 
Sitting down with the team from - great conversation! 
  Kudos,  and  should always be rewarded. Thanks for standing up f…
Pataki's call for bipartisan approach shows a true leader   
Kudos,  and  should always be rewarded. Thanks for standing up for the American way.
Here's Where the 2016 Candidates Stand on the Confederate Flag Issue - ABC News 
Pataki: Measures Need to Be in Place to Protect  Recipients 
Pataki: Confederate Flag Should Be Removed From South Carolina Capitol Grounds - YouTube 
Pataki: Se necesitan medidas para proteger los recipientes de 
 GOP prez cand called home server "grossly irresponsible" b/c attempted hacks State Dept.…
Most disturbing to me is that the Chinese in all likelihood know every one of 30,000 email ; the American people don't 
 hi Hillary. Fifteen percent. Sorry
 Send us your questions for Governor Pataki! We'll ask on Out# Overtime ...
Looking forward to taking a few questions overtime
I'm confident the people of SC will do the right thing but  should be removed from the Capitol  
 Starting the week off right with GOP Presidential candidate: in @ noon ET! 
 The "grace"/transitional period given by is an excellent option to allow Congress take …
We should use ERISA as a bridge for those on  exchanges to insure they have coverage for transition  
I am  - as a republican Governor of New York I was used to being 
Looking forward to joining  - we will be discussing  in  and the 
Good luck to the USA soccer team tonight against Colombia. Gooooooaal!  
 a todos los padres y sus familias, que les inspiran y les da proposito cada dia 
 to all the fathers and their families, who inspire them and give them purpose every day. 
“I was kind of blown away by Pataki,” Frey said. “He is very electable.”  
For forty-three years, I have had the pleasure of being married to this woman.  
 When there was a bomb threat conference, helped my mom evacuate my 8-week-old baby. T…
 Bomb threats at  conference. Entire event moved to another room speaking now  ht…
 Thank you Mr. Governor for a wonderful ; inspiring speech at   
LIVE on  Bomb threat  at   Faith and Freedom conference won't deter us 
Bomb threat won't deter our commitment to taking freedom  Faith and Freedom Conference 
Getting ready to take the stage at the  
Hillary Clinton has as much in common with the middle class as she does with the truth. 
I'm speaking at the “Road to Majority” Conference in DC today at 1:30 EST. Join us or stream it. Details here -&gt; 
  
We've selected the perfect woman for the redesigned $10 bill. Peggy Pataki for 2020.   
 Northeast Republican Leadership Conference  Philadelphia, PA, by Michael …  
 Former PA GOP Chair Earl Baker with discussing how he would  
Pataki says Washington killing American Dream 
 giving the welcoming address conference in Philly 
  speaking several minutes ago on day 1 of  Spoke about reforming DC, destroying ISIS 
  takes the stage! 
We need an innovative, tech driven pro-growth approach to lower carbon emissions in a way that grows jobs ; the economy 
 2016 News knocks for saying Pope shouldn't lend voice to climate cha…
The Obama approach to carbon is a disaster. So is an approach that human emission of carbon dioxide has no impact-it does.
  totally calling out Jeb Bush, Rick Santorum and Marco Rubio for views on climate change vis a vis
The idea ; espouse that has no standing on climate change is absurd. 
 Inbox: says notion by Jeb Bush, Rick Santorum, Marco Rubio that Pope lacks standing to speak on climate cha…
Statement on  
Congratulations and good luck to  
 proposes an interesting running mate! Tune in to at 8pm and 12am in to find out who! 
 Are you a fan of You won't want to miss this →   
 2016 hopeful just confirmed that he'll be speaking at the Northeast Republican Leadership Conference 
Getting ready to talk with 
Washington insiders want to pick who you get to see debate for president. What do you think? ; 
Congratulations ! Longtime NH GOP activist confirmed as new NHGOP vice chairman  
Wanted to take the opportunity to welcome two new candidates to the race and
  
To "Hillary has about as much in common with the middle class as she has with the truth."  
Talking the economy ; nat'l security with old friends and new!   
Great to be back in NH at the Republican Women's Lilac Luncheon!   
Happy to be back on the trail tomorrow with the NH Federation of Republican Women's Lilac Luncheon   
Happy  "Every glory that we associate with it is the result of duty done," Pres. Calvin Coolidge  
Thank you for your continued prayers for my son-in-law David and our family. He's showing signs of progress but still has a long road ahead.
 Repeat: has not formally suspended his campaign. He's just canceled events in New Hampshire bc his son-i…
 Sending good thoughts to family of who announced his 30 year old son-in-law suffered serious stroke.
  cancelled  viisit this wk bec son-in-law suffered 'life-threatening stroke'    
One of the issues I am asked about frequently is  - Here is my position -&gt; 
Happy Birthday to my friend -  you are a great American!
Yogi reached 100,000 votes needed - his petition to receive a Presidential Medal of Freedom is heading to White House 
On the set with Neil Cavuto talking entitlements and ISIS 
Joining "Your World" with Neil Cavuto at 4:25 to discuss the President's failure to devise a strategy to fight ISIS
Looking forward to joining and at the BBQ hosted by  
George Pataki ‘Encouraged’ By His Presidential Campaign So Far - Bloomberg Politics  
 Let me just say to all my Twitter followers how very proud I am to be leading the nation in presidential…
 Can't thank everyone enough for their support of the  petition! It ain't over 'til it's over. We did it! 
 He will indeed. 
 Get ready cause here he comes - 
I don't want to speculate on rumors, but am told will reprise his impersonation of me in the "GovBoat" 
 Join for our Lilac Luncheon ; pres straw poll on 6/15 in Concord   
 ~ returns Wednesday and Thursday for events, including a stop at/near Robie's in Hooksett on the 11th. Details t…
LAST DAY to join me and sign the online petition to award great Yogi Berra The Presidential Medal of Freedom 
  to stimulate investment we need to bring back the $2 trillion plus in private sector profits  currently offshore
  we need to upgrade our national transmission grid - today it is vulnerable to weather, accidents and terror.
  we need to think big - we need to create and leverage funding for national infrastructure priorities
Great to be with AIAI talking infrastructure- I've been doing P3 projects before it was cool. 
The latest Quinnipiac University poll released today with some great news. Read it here 
Pataki: Greatest risk of terror 'since Sept. 11' | TheHill  
If the heat gets turned up in the kitchen, I’m not going to melt,  
GET INVOLVED! Let’s join together and create the future of America. Here are 3 ways you can help right now -&gt; 
Congratulations on joining the race for 
Time to allow fracking, jobs for NYers ; America  Has Had No ‘Widespread’ Impact on Drinking Water, EPA Finds - WSJ 
 Just for the record, in recent days I've tweeted positives
George Pataki speaks up for respect and tolerance - The Washington Post 
 Its unbelievable that VA still lacks permanent Inspector General. POTUS shld act immediately, our veterans deserve it 
  will be attending our annual Lilac Luncheon on 6/15 in Concord. Register today:   
 Up next - has his sights set on the White House. talks to this new  contender 
 Very nice work on Solid conversation. 
 Very well put, sir.  Former supporter of you in NewYork.
 A real conservative. Thanks for reminding us that the  stands for individual freedom. 
...we should give people their dignity and let them make their own decisions 
If someone chooses a path that's different than mine, we should respect it as opposed to mocking.. 
 Republican presidential candidate joins me live today in How would he defeat ISIS? 5-7PM ET
 getting a lot of play today on all the major news networks. Looking forward to seeing how he will do.
With and Heilman on All Due Respect 
Pataki blasts Paul’s efforts to kill Patriot Act provisions - NY Daily News 
New poll has us in the Top 10, let's keep up the momentum!   
Pataki: Rand Paul made a terrible mistake 
  I think Rand Paul made a "terrible mistake" on Patriot Act 
 Coming up... and  
Congratulations on entering the  race! Looking forward to seeing you on the trail.
  This is the "most dangerous time" since 9/11 (via  
Pataki: This is "most dangerous time" since 9/11 -  
The Pataki Factor 
 Westchester Exec wishes 'godspeed in his pursuit of the Oval Office;' Pataki endorsed Astor…
  This is "the most dangerous time for Americans here since September 11th"  
 What's your take on He talks on  about the issues that inspired him to get into the race. 
  Now a "void" after  provisions expire. "I fear for our safety." 
For to suggest that anyone wants an attack on America so he suffers political damage is absurd 
Great to catch up with old friends and new back where it all started in Peekskill! 
Great turnout today at the Lincoln Depot Museum in Peekskill for our campaign rally  
We are more at risk of attack than any time since 9/11 - Gov. Pataki: U.S. at risk of terror attack - Video 
 GOP candidate ; NY Gov during 9/11 attacks warns of growing terror threat on 
Pataki: Paul ‘putting Americans at risk for political reasons' | TheHill  
Join us at the Lincoln Depot in Peekskill at 3pm 
Libby and I extend our thoughts and prayers to the Biden family on the loss of Beau.  No parent should have to bury their child.
 Most admit haven't heard  in long time but thought his interview very impressive. No early candida…
It's not where you start, it's where you end up.
Pretty much every thing I have done in life I have had to start at the bottom, it's the American way. 
 is wrong on Patriot Act.  Letting it expire when America is at risk of attack is dangerous and it should not be allowed to lapse.
 This am on I'll speak exclusively with as he enters crowded GOP race for the WH  
Getting ready to join CNN State of the Union 
  hosts a rally in  this afternoon. DETAILS HERE:  
   Love this. It's a start. 
 Can't wait to have on my show tomorrow AM now that he's officially running for President!
 Team  "in it to win it "    
Undefeated Former NY Gov. George Pataki Enters Growing GOP Field - People's Pundit Daily 
...one conservative kingmaker considers him a formidable candidate. Pataki “would be serious," 
 you are welcome Governor and good luck on the campaign trail
 He's in! Strong message and a lot of great lines in speech. Will be interesting to watch.
100X CHALLENGE: We are asking 100 people to donate $100. Donate Now to join the fight for a stronger America! 
"We can win this race ;  take Washington back. Give the government back to the people!"  
Thank you for the gracious introduction!   
 Today's program; President Larry Arnn
 Here's Part 1 of Michael's interview today with :::    - RSGreg
 Story looked GREAT as the front page above-the-fold feature in yesterday!
  ‘I know I can beat Hillary Clinton’  
Continuing my tour through New Hampshire in Concord today! What a great welcome.  
 An intelligent, compassionate, strong leader with well thought out priorities who would make a good president. 
Joe: Pataki 'the most qualified Republican' so far | MSNBC  
America has a bright future - because of our young people. Thanks for coming out today.  
Thank you to Merrimack  County Republican Committee for hosting me today.  
  Can you really beat Hillary Clinton? "I know I can beat Hillary Clinton."  Full …
I'm running for president so together we can reform Washington and create a stronger America.  Join our team. 
  is a smart guy, his intelligence is underrated  
Stand with me to build a stronger America! -    
 "My whole life has prepared me for this moment," Pataki says in one-on-one interview with   …
 VIDEO: takes a swipe at during his presidential announcement.
Thanks for a great tour of your growing business  
Cheers to Peter Egelston, Founder ;  all the hard workers making this business thrive!  
Great reception with Rockingham County GOP  
 WATCH: full speech from New Hampshire this morning 
  “No one will be above the law, not even if you’re a former secretary of state whose name happens to be 
 at SIAA HQ for a roundtable discussion this afternoon. Pic with Matt Masiello - SIAA's EVP ; COO. 
Thanks for a delicious cake and discussion  
Happy to be here for a great round table discussion!  
George Pataki on Fox News: I am running for president | Fox News Video 
 Welcome to the race,  Take the Straw Poll to show you're ready for  
Great meeting and lunch with Exeter Republicans at  
Women for Pataki!    
Watch the LIVE stream happening now.... 
Y tambien gracias a todos mis amigos que estan con nosotros hoy. 
It's time! Join me in the fight to build a stronger America!  
 Former NY Governor George Pataki (R) announces run for  IMO, the strongest voice yet,re;  
A couple of future voters 
Going live with and in just a few minutes 
 Spent years covering in NY...tmw he appears primed to announce White House run. Interesting primary abou…
 Now on  Steinhauser: This time, Pataki's not kidding around about running for t  …
 This time around, isn't kidding around about running for the White House  
 Team  "in it to win it " big day tomorrow   
 Tune in to  tomorrow at 11 a.m. as we carry announcement LIVE from New Hampshire
 Looks like is getting ready for something big tomorrow. 
 So proud to be with in Exeter NH as he takes important step for our Country's future. Great campaigner. …
