Tested leadership. Proven results. Contribute to  today ---; 
 Sign if you agree the  is a threat to nat'l security &gt;  
 ; judgement has threatened nat'l security ; our ally Israel. We must  
  is the only candidate who has experience on the border. Contribute today &gt;  
Appreciate the kind words 
  If results really matter, I'm the one will break out in the GOP. 
A big thx for making today our biggest fundraising haul of August! Contribute to  &gt;  
Even Lucy wants in on the first batch of  
Help us end August with our best fundraising day yet! Contribute today &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  
  "Washington is really corrupt. People know it's corrupt." 
  "I really believe America is looking for a candidate who is humble." 
  "This country was based on Judeo-Christian values." 
 ICYMI: full remarks  
 ET - Hope to see you then! 
"It's time to go to Washington and turn over the tables of the money changers!" -  
I look forward to sharing my heart at today's ; standing for the protection of religious liberty in America. 
 Just out on a little ride with Gov. Rick Perry! 
Appreciate who lent us bikes for our wounded vets ride in Columbia, SC. Great day to be outdoors! 
We are just a few days away from our August fundraising deadline! Contribute to  today ---; 
Signing the stump ; speaking at the lunch!  
 we owe every man ; woman who has worn the uniform our eternal gratitude for defending freedom. 
In SC for  Thanks for all you do for the conservative cause - ;  
 we sure do have a photogenic crew!  
 Happy  from two of our pups! 
 Join our team today! &gt;&gt;   
Proud to be w/ as was presented the TX Legislative Medal of Honor today.  
 Wonderful night for  - thank-you - great to be with good friends 
Dr. "Red" Duke departs on the Last Corps Trip! A great American, an iconic Texan and a legendary Aggie Yell Leader.
 ONLINE ONLY: Get a  bumper sticker ; show your support today! Contribute $20.16 &gt;&gt;&gt;  htt…
 Abiding thanks, It's an unfathomable privilege to serve the glorious Lone Star State. 
Was proud to nominate to the TX Supreme Court. A model of conservative jurisprudence ; Twitter pro! 
"I believe that limited gov't can lead to unlimited possibilities!"  at   
A behind-the-scenes look at my  speech. What a crowd of inspiring patriots!  
 is spending thousands of dollars to attack my pro-life record. Click here to donate ; help me fight back -; 
 ICYMI:  remarks    
  doesn't just talk about the border, he has a record of action. Contribute &gt;&gt;&gt;  htt…
 to a great time at the  this week!  
  wants to make Washington D.C. as inconsequential in the lives of all Americans as possible. 
Making room for a future farmer on a at the   
Saw my friend ; Iowa's hard-working Lt. Governor walking the grounds of the   
I always enjoy speaking to Iowans at the   about getting our country back on track!  
  stops by the booth at the State Fair - Puppy Jake provides service puppies to veterans 
Ready to take the  stage in just a few minutes! Watch to hear my vision for Iowa ; the rest of America. 
  at the  – LIVE at 11am ET on C-SPAN  
Thanks to the Iowa Pork Producers Association for having me help cook tonight!  
After a rainy day, the sun welcomed us to the Iowa State Fair just in time to cook some pork on a stick!  
 That's it at the  today. Next up Wednesday at 10 a.m.:   
 What does think of immigration? He'll tell us.  He's next on  
Thanks for making yesterday our top fundraising day this month, help us finish August strong! Contribute today ---; 
 looking forward to the discussion! Tune into on at 4pm ET.   
  "I've been a Washington outsider my entire life"  via  
Boots ; BBQ Bash in Iowa tonight, great to be back for a few days!  
Get your limited edition  bumper sticker! Contribute $20.16 today ---;  
Talking about my optimistic vision for our country across the great state of South Carolina today!  
 America needs jobs, created 2.2M in Texas. Contribute today ---;   
70 years ago, the war with Japan was declared over. A tremendous price was paid to protect civilization. Thank a vet today in remembrance.
"I want to make Washington D.C. as inconsequential in your life as possible." - in SC   
  will approve  Donate today to  ;  
Excited to be back in South Carolina for tonight's town hall. Join us at Anderson Christian School @ 6:30pm! 
 - it’s about judgement and character. 
Yesterday was one of our biggest online fundraising days of the campaign, help us keep the momentum! Donate today &gt;&gt;&gt; 
Americans don't need more Clinton secrecy. Help us STOP donate today &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  
We are continuing the fight ; we will win! Donate today ---;  
President can't deny the reality of his dangerous  Watch the ad ; tell Congress to vote 'NO'! 
  Iowa can elect and will elect the next president of the United States.    
  gets mid-speech standing ovation for tough talk against terrorism. 
  says one of the reasons he spent so much time here was to help elect to the Senate. 
  I came to this state more last year than any of the candidates who are running for president.  
Tonight's Lincoln Dinner! Iowa is in good hands w/ conservative leaders ;  
Earlier today in Manchester, Iowa!  
  Planned Parenthood is acting 'outside the bounds of humanity' 
 After getting an intro from talks agriculture and its importance.  
Hardin County, Iowa knows sweet corn! Proud to join Ag Secretary Bill Northey ; my friend  
 He’s taking on Trump but can he win over the Republican Party? joins  Sunday.
 Nothing better than getting on and finding a new snap!  
Spent the morning with Iowa's Calhoun County Republicans - thanks for having me!  
 attack on proves once again that he does not have the temperament to be President. 
Looking forward to a great day in Iowa! 
 RECAP ---; "On Fire"  Performance   
 We're live with backstage at  in Atlanta, Georgia. Excited to be here! 
Just took the stage at  
 MUST WATCH VIDEO: debate performance praised by pundits.    
Americans are looking for a "show me, don't tell me" leader after the disaster of   
ICYMI: Not just no, but "hell no" to the     
 Watching the 2nd debate with friends. 
 "On Fire" Debate Performance    
ICYMI: on Border Security/Illegal Immigration     
 STATEMENT: WON TONIGHT'S DEBATE   
  is ready to take the stage for the  Tune into at 5pm ET.  
“We’re a few good decisions ; a leadership change at the top from the best days this country’s ever had."  
Follow our  team for tonight’s 
Team is ready to go...is it 5pm yet?   
 Exclusive: Details Plan to Save American     
 Can't resist the Perry snaps 
Made it to Cleveland for the  Follow my | governorperry | to see behind-the-scenes.  
I look forward to being 5pm debate for what will be a serious exchange of ideas ; positive solutions to get America back on track.
  says he wants to remind voters that he was the governor of the 12th largest economy in the world. 
  says Americans are looking for a way to get "government to work." 
  tells The non-profit status of  should be pulled. 
  says whether you're pro-life or pro-choice, everyone should be offended  videos 
 Video of second round remarks at the  forum in 
  We Made It Through Jimmy Carter, We’ll Make It Through Obama   
  Cut Corporate Tax Rate, Unleash North American Energy  
"The greatest days of America are in front of it." - at    
 Video of first round remarks at the  forum in    
  "If you elect me, the will to secure the border will reside in the Oval Office"  
 WATCH: Talks Border Security, Job Creation  
 should explain why she supports which rips apart ; sells body parts of aborted babies  
 Mort Zuckerman: 'Phenomenal,' Going To Surprise Everybody  
  “You can defund  and that’s what needs to happen.”  
  on immigration: “I know how to secure the border.”  
I'll be live on next! Tune in to
  on first thing he will do as POTUS: Tear up that agreement w/ Iran ; secure the border w/ Mexico. That c…
  Hammers  First to Call for Revoking Tax Status  
It's time to end  nonprofit status. 
 Sunday Chris sits down for an exclusive with Former Texas to discuss his run for the White House.  ht…
Glad to see you doing well Mr. President! 
 ; lays out plan to defeat ISIS  
  said that American leaders must obey the Constitution ; secure the border.  
 Can Presidential hopeful  the competition with...fitness?!  
 ICYMI: Our full interview with   
  fired up over illegal immigration! What do you think of Perry’s plans to secure our southern border?htt…
Busy morning in NYC!  
You never know who you're going to to run into at - good to see on the set of 
I'll be on bright ; early tomorrow w/ so set your alarm to catch on 
  “You elect me POTUS ; I will promise the American people one thing—the will to secure that border.” 
 ICYMI: Wall Street Reform Speech   
Always good to be back in NYC ; join - watch us on tonight at 10pm ET! 
 FACT SHEET: PROPOSALS ON WALL STREET REFORM 
 is a proponent of What we need is economic growth. 
Today, I am proposing a new agenda for Wall Street reform, one that will end the era of bailouts and cronyism. 
 Major econ speech today in NYC sponsored by TBTF,Fan/Fred,growth,tax reform,Fed rule.
 “America doesn’t need to be entertained, it needs to be led” -   
  The best years of America are in front of us.  
Discussed the important issues of the day ; my vision for America with Thanks for having me on! 
Tune in to at the top of the hour! Looking forward to the conversation!
 TONIGHT on  joins us to talk 2016 ; how he plans to defeat his competition. Tune in at 5p ET. 
  NO federal funding of  Watch ; Sign if you agree -; 
 Prayers for our neighbors in Louisiana, and for the friends and families who have been affected by last night’s shooting.
As an employer of illegal immigrants border security record is non-existent, a farce at worst 
 Imp't speech by today - appreciate his service to America both in uniform and out 
Defund  nationwide just like we did in Texas!   if you agree 
 "Defund Planned Parenthood Like We Did in Texas" -  
 “I think he would be more comfortable with than he is running with the Republicans.” 
Saw my friend ; fellow Aggie in D.C. today!  
 FULL SPEECH: "Defending Conservatism Against the Cancer of 
 “In times of trouble, there are two types of leaders: repairers of the breach and sowers of discord.” 
  couldn’t have endured for five minutes what endured for five and a half years.” 
 “The next president will face serious issues that demand serious leadership.” 
My speech on "Defending Conservatism Against the Cancer of 
From my friend “The ‘Hanoi Hilton’ is no Trump Hotel” 
 Enjoyed our visit Always good to spend time with another veteran and supporter of the 2nd amendment. 
Be sure to tune-in on Saturday when I join for a discussion on faith, family, ; freedom.  
 Meet biggest supporter: 
Winding down another day on the trail! Add me on Snapchat - governorperry - to keep up with the campaign.  
Defending conservatism against the cancer of Trump-ism – I hope you’ll join me Wednesday in DC  
  writes: On Military Service and on Border Security, Trump Offers Only Hot Air
 Backstage view of at  joked he "doesn't like sitting on the left." 
 comments today make him unfit to be Commander-in-Chief 
As a fellow veteran I respect because he volunteered to serve his country. I cannot say the same about Mr.
 is an American hero ; all POW's deserve our nation's highest debt of gratitude. comments are disgraceful.
 ICYMI: turned the tables on over the  video 
We need a President who will create economic opportunity for all Americans.  
 Please join ; me in prayer for the Marines who senselessly lost their lives in  ; their loved …
 not conservatism but a toxic mix of demagoguery and nonsense. 
 ; I are praying for a speedy recovery Mr. President get well soon!
  'There's No Will In Washington D.C. To Keep The American People Safe'  
President  is a threat to national security! Sign if you agree ---;  
  ‘Profiting Off the Tragedy of a Destroyed Human Life’  
It is because of stories like this that I signed legislation defunding Planned Parenthood in the state of Texas 
Why does support a state sponsor of terror moving toward obtaining a nuclear weapon?  
  SLAMS   
 Statement by on Iran Nuclear Deal 
"President Obama’s decision to sign a nuclear deal with  is one of the most destructive foreign policy decisions in my lifetime."
Beautiful Clear Lake, IA! Thanks to the Cerro Gordo County GOP for the BBQ ; invitation to speak.  
Appreciate everyone coming out to Rustic Brew in Hampton, IA this afternoon!  
Enjoyed talking about my vision for America with Iowans at the Fort Dodge Pizza Ranch!  
Clinton ; Obama must answer for their pending nuclear deal with  Sign if you agree &gt;&gt;  
 Statement by on Economic Speech 
 Thanks to for organizing the   hashtag rally! We appreciate you ; all of pa…
Continuing a great day in Iowa with a stop in Oskaloosa!  
Coffee ; good conversation in Knoxville, Iowa!  
Enjoyed catching up ; sharing family photos with backstage at  this morning. 
We must end sanctuary cities in America ; I have a plan to do it. 
 "ISIS is no longer just a terrorist group seeking to disrupt peace and stability. It is a terrorist army..." 
Last summer I told "if the fed government won't secure the border, Texas will!"  
 gets it right, we must protect our national security interests ; walk away from a bad deal with Iran. 
 comments don’t reflect Republican values and are bad for the Republican Party 
 See what they're saying about Governor Perry's "Economic Opportunity For All Americans Speech" 
  to make nine Iowa stops:  
A happy birthday to Mrs. Nancy Reagan! Our country was lucky to have you as First Lady. Thanks for keeping your husband's legacy alive.
 ICYMI: WSJ EDITORIAL: RICK PERRY “GAVE THE SPEECH OF THE CAMPAIGN SO FAR” 
Happy birthday to a great American ; my good friend George W. Bush! 
 FINAL: USA 5, Japan 2.  the  are World Cup Champions!! 
Bring home the W 
 Here is VIDEO of our interview with  
Follow 'My Story' on - governorperry - to see more from a great  in New Hampshire!  
 
Celebrating Independence Day in Amherst, NH! 
This Independence Day I ask that you remember to thank our active military members ; veterans for the freedoms we enjoy as Americans.
Happy 4th of July! 
Great to back in New Hampshire! Looking forward to spending Independence Day weekend in the  state.  
 Statement by Gov. Perry on Anti-BDS Legislation Signed by President Obama 
 What’s Got into Rick Perry?Read more at: 
My first post - “ECONOMIC OPPOUNITY FOR ALL AMERICANS”. 
The real problem is border security. comments are wrong. 
ICYMI: Full video of my remarks today at the Thanks for having me!  
 FACT SHEET: GOVERNOR PERRY’S ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT PROGRAM 
Full remarks: "Economic Opportunity For All Americans".  
"Here is what I have seen in my time in public service: the best welfare program in America is a job."  
 Rick Perry and one of his official  cookies. 
LIVE on addresses on creating "Economic Opportunity For All Americans".  
 Live stream of Rick Perry  starts LIVE at 1PM on   
  EXCLUSIVE! Why it’s Republicans, not Democrats, who offer African-Americans hope for a better life: 
  "Once you get the border secure, then you can have a conversation about immigration" 
 Day 1 of Perry Presidency = Opening  ; 'Tearing Up' Obama Admin 
 Coming up at 6:30p ET, 2016 contender will be in the ' with center seat. 
 Statement by on Restoration of Diplomatic Relations Between U.S. ;  
Donate by the MIDNIGHT end of quarter deadline ; get a Perry for President bumper sticker!  
Thanks to the for hosting me at tonight's Flag Day dinner! Enjoyed being back in Florida. 
Best of luck to tonight! 
ONLINE ONLY: Contribute $20.16 before today's fundraising deadline to get yours today!  
 By bowing to Iran's nuclear "wish list" the WH has risked our national security.  
Blessed to have known sweet Brooke Hester during her short life. Prayers to her family.  
Join our team ; help us unleash economic freedom nation-wide! Contribute today ---;   
 Statement by on  EPA Ruling 
 "Today’s ruling ends the false narrative that environmental protection can only be achieved through one-size-fits-all fe…
Today marks the 10th anniversary of Operation Redwings. Let us never forget these men ; their sacrifice for freedom. 
Enjoyed speaking to the great crowd at  about my vision for America. 
Proud to be with Danny Dietz's family today to celebrate his life of service to our country. 
 Statement by on  Same-Sex Marriage Ruling 
I’m a firm believer in traditional marriage, and I also believe the 10th Amendment leaves it to each state to decide this issue. 
Americans deserve better than what we’re getting with Obamacare. It’s time we repealed and replaced it! 
  on  Obama Has Conceded Over and Over Again In ‘Reckless Pursuit of Any Agreement’ 
Great to receive such a warm welcome in the Antelope Valley of California! 
 Statement by on Nuclear Negotiations with  
 Headed to have lunch with Gov.Rick Perry
Letting people keep more of what they earn helps TX continue to attract families and businesses to our great state. 
 Statement by on Chinese Hack of OPM 
-; Of The Four Majority-Minority States In America, Minorities Do Best In  
It's long past time for a strategy to defeat ISIS! Add your name to demand a plan from the WH  
TX is only majority-minority state where the poverty rate for America’s 4 largest ethnic groups is below the natl avg 
Removing the flag is an act of healing ; unity. leadership honors the victims ; the people of SC. 
Must Read via ;  
Thanks Dad for all you do.  
 Thankful for the beautiful family and I have been blessed with. Happy Father's Day! 
Happy birthday to the girl who made me a grandpa! 
The 33,200 jobs added last month shows once again that Texas has an economy that is built to last.   
We have lost a legend. May John David Crow's memory be preserved for generations to come. 
 joins me in praying today for Charleston and all who have been affected by this unspeakable tragedy.
Happy birthday to my friend 
I urge ; to stop accommodating Iran, and have the courage to walk away from the table. 
  Offers Vision To Revive U.S. Economy ; Renew America 
Great to see Coach in Lubbock.  
Dropped by today and ran into  
There is a great price to be paid when America does not lead, and innocent Syrian civilians are paying that price. 
Anytime, I always enjoy our thoughtful discussions. 
We have the power to make our country new again. Join my team today:   
Welcome to the race Looking forward to seeing you around more often. 
 Celebrating 240 years of selfless service to the nation.  For more on the  go to  
Proudly wave the red, white, and blue – today ; every day!  
Ready for Get ready for more Clinton drama. WATCH:  
