 Inbox: "MEDIA ADVISORY: Santorum Starts 46 County Tour in South Carolina"
 Santorum staying in. New email from his campaign: "Santorum Starts 46 County Tour in South Carolina" this week
Just finished a tele-town hall with 6,300 undecided Iowa caucus goers. Doing all I can to help them decide. Let's do this Iowa! 
Always great to join my friend on  
Thanks to my friend for having me on this afternoon!  
If you want a conservative who has a proven record of winning for our values, join the fight! 
"Blitz"ing around Des Moines  day. Always enjoy joining and 
Great joining to talk about tonight's  
Thank you to the students ; staff of Des Moines Christian for hosting me this morning. Great to be back!  
 tells that voted for RFS and supports Iowa jobs!   
Great to see my friend this morning. Iowa is lucky to have him at the helm.  
  voted for the RFS and we need candidates who support Iowa jobs!" - on 
Heading into Des Moines. Joining at 8:45am ET to kick off  day!
It's game day!  Let's do this, Iowa! 
Come for the MSNBC interview and Java Joe's put me to work scooping ice cream!  
120 Pizza Ranches later... honored to receive my official polo tonight.  Game on, Iowa  
Thank you to my dear friend for introducing me tonight at in Urbandale!   
Great to catch up w today. See my interview tomorrow on  
Tune in to tonight to catch parts of my interview with  
Game on, Iowa!  
Overflow crowd this afternoon in Webster City, Iowa!  Game on!  
Proud to have an A+ lifetime rating from the  Great day campaigning in Boone, Iowa   
Watch "The Plan to Defeat ISIS" on 
Great reception in Council Bluffs. Over 250 strong out tonight! Pott County is Santorum Country   
 Standing ovation for after his incredibly moving speech.  
Looking forward to joining my friend on today at 5:30pm CT. 
Thank you,  Proud to stand with you!   
Thank you,  Proud to stand with you!   
Proud to stand side by side with you in the fight for life  
I authored the partial birth abortion ban, unborn victims of violence act, born alive infant protect act cc: 
Thank you to my friends and for joining me today at our town hall in Indianola!  
Attention Iowa Volunteers: come to Urbandale HQs for phone banks now until  at 2775 86th Street.
Quick haircut at Urbandale Barbers - Kirk as offered to cut hair for free. 
Looking forward to joining on at 9:45am ET, live from Des Moines. Talking about tonight's big debate! 
Game on!  
Just recruited another 50 caucus captains today!  Headed into Des Moines to join on  Tune in!  
My thoughts on 
Looking forward to joining tonight!  Talking about our plans in  and beyond!
Great crowd this morning in Davenport!  Of course wouldn't cover this, would they...  
Sign says it all... "Can't stop the vest!"     
  
Choices 
This must be how Superman feels when he steps into a phone booth    
  “You want to know how to trust somebody? Look at their record.” 
 Rick Santorum speaks @ a Marshalltown, IA, church, where the pastor devoted his sermon to abortion, praised Santorum 
  makes strong pitch on reaching out, getting past politics of personal attacks ; character assassination. A…
  tastes Neola hospitality in local campaign stop     
 joins Roske on Politics in     
Looking forward to joining on in just a few minutes. Talking 
 This is how was welcomed to his event in Neola tonight.   You just have to love Iowa po…
Thank you Neola, Iowa for this welcome back!      
 Rick Santorum will keep America safe  via
 GOP hopeful to return to North Iowa    
 Watch discuss his views on the current regulatory environment -   
 "There's only been one presidential candidate featured in ISIS magazine...my picture was in it." -
 Rick Santorum in NH just highlighted that he's been featured in the ISIS magazine.
  says he's proud to have been featured in "ISIS Magazine" "My picture was in it'   
  says he's proud to have been featured in "ISIS Magazine" "My picture was in it'    via
 He was, in fact, in the magazine:  
 RICK SANTORUM in Davenport.IA Mon. Jan. 25 11:30am-12:30pmDavenport Library-Fairmount Branch 3000 N. Fairmount St No ch…
 Rick Santorum is in New Hampshire. Reminds people he ran in 30 states in '12, won 11 of them.   
  says GOP has to be the party of American workers. Says he's the candidate  for blue collar conservatives…
 Rick Santorum gives Chuck Grassley shoutout at the NH  town hall. Says Grassley praises him for not changing views in 2…
 "Anybody ever hear of health savings accounts? You're welcome." - at  summit
 Greeting voters in Manchester, NH   
  stopping by for the last stop of the night.  
Great day up in New Hampshire. Back for another tomorrow in the  Granite State! 
Looking forward to joining my friend The Great One tonight at 8:30pm ET. Tune in!
Sarah Maria marches for our sweet Bella.  
My beautiful wife and mother of 8 understands  / I love you ~ rick 
Why Pete and Patrick March for  
 to my debate w/ when we defeated her ; ended partial birth abortion  
Why is standing for life!    
 
My son on  
My son John on  "Because the time is always right to do what is right." 
We're launching the inVest in America Tour. Over 50 events all across Iowa. Join us!  
... and we're just getting warmed up!  See you on the trail!    
Prayers goes out to Braden's family and Campaign. Tragedies like today are heartbreaking.  God bless all of you!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to his campaign staff and their volunteers today. Praying for quick recoveries!
I am a proud supporter of the Renewable Fuel Standard and Iowa farmers. My administration will defend the RFS 
Thank you for the opp to address renewable fuels today in Iowa. Unlike some, I've always supported the RFS ; Iowa farmers 
Great reception yesterday in Marshalltown and a big endorsement from Rep Fisher!  On to the  !!! 
Arriving in Decorah IA for 6th town hall today on a sub zero day. Reception was warm everywhere. Signing up lots of caucus captains.
Why am I not surprised they are showing cartoon questions at the 
Just saw this pic from Charleston debate. So proud of my Citadel sons. 
What a great effort by an undermanned  team. Changing planes in CLT headed to Iowa. Seeing  everywhere.
Please see Shows the greatness of our soldiers and why we need a Pres who makes their security and success his priority.
Excited to join my friend today at 4:30pm ET to talk about our winning debate performance. 
Looking forward to joining today at 4pm on to talk about our performance in the 
After H-1B abuses exposed candidate still advocated 5x more H-1B visas  Also opposed citizenship not amnesty
 with 18 days until Iowa Caucus. I need you to go to  and donate $18; $180 or $1,800 tonight.
  took a strong stance on fighting against ISIS.  
I put the original sanctions on Iran.  They will not get a nuclear weapon under my Administration 
To all our men and women in uniform.  Know that as your Commander-in-Chief I will always have your back! 
 Kicking off the with at The Citadel.   

 greeting the morning crowd at About to fuel up for the debate!   
WH says our sailors are being given courtesies? This is feckless. WH is endangering our troops. Demand their return NOW!
Looking forward to debating in Charleston this Thursday. Any time. Any place!   
Close to 100 turned out for our last house party of the night. Dozens of new caucus captains recruited.  
Lots of talk about Renewable Fuel Standard in IA. Supported it at the start. Support it today. And I will support it as President 
-15 this morning in Iowa. Missing my sweater vest... 
HERE WE GO STEELERS! 
I am proud to support the  Renewable fuels are good for farmers, good for the economy and good for our energy security 
Thanks for describing the nature of the threat I have been warning of for yrs - apocalyptic Islam.  
Thanks to new caucus captains at tonight's party. Join hundreds who will be speaking for us.  
 
The byproduct of ethanol production (DDG) is a higher protein feed for animals than corn and is sold all over world. 
Congratulations Iowans - you got  to change positions ; somewhat support the federal ethanol mandate.  
I will be joining on Meet the Press Daily at 5pm. 
Great to join and this afternoon in New York 
Always good to see my friend when I'm at even if he doesn't have faith in the Steelers! 
 Honored to welcome back to  a strong conservative record ; great conservative leader.  
Always great to join and the team on set!  On to Iowa! 
Genuinely enjoyed joining tonight. We need more civil, serious debate on each side 
Great to join this afternoon on talking about defeating radical Islam 
Check out our new ad "Fairytales". Because Iran with a nuclear weapon is a nightmare! 
We are facing serious times that require serious people. Check out our 1st campaign ad today  
Tune in to tonight during the 7pm ET hour for the premiere of my new campaign ad  
Looking forward to joining on at 1pm ET. Talking about how we're going to repeat our  victory on Feb 1
Make no mistake about it: WE ARE... PENN STATE!  
 GOP candidate shared his resolution for the upcoming year. What's yours? Weigh in using  
Don't miss my New Years message tonight on  
Looking forward to joining on tonight at 9pm ET. Be sure to tune in!
Up early flying to Quad Cities then driving to Des Moines in the afternoon. Four yrs ago Newt was up 9 on Romney, I was at 3%. Still time!
Two debates before Iowa should include all candidates on 1 stage who have qualified for every state ballot to date. 
Looking forward to joining on at 2pm. Talking about defeating 
 Thank you!  Merry Christmas
The Christmas Revolution. Thanks Pete for reminding us that Jesus came like us, changed the world ; saved us from us 
I will be joining Squawk Box at 6:30, talking about rebuilding the economy and defeating ISIS
Is it me or are hearing more people say Merry Christmas instead of Happy Holidays? Political correctness now out fashion? Trump factor?
 all in one day.  
I will be joining on next. Talking  Tune in!
Thank you to my friend for adding his strong national security voice to this race. It was much needed during this time of crisis
Excited to be joining my friends at at 9:45am on
Looking forward to joining the gang on at 7:30am!
Yes the radical Islamists declared the clash!  You do not understand the motivation of our enemy 
Looking good    
  Iowa State Chair asks: Why on earth Cruz over Santorum?    
I have been clear from the start. No amnesty. Implement e-verify. Secure the border. Consistent in 2006, 2013 and today. That's leadership.
Sad that this double speak is what we have learned to expect from today's DC politicians  
 We have entered World War 3. World War 3 has begun -     
 Santorum: Not All Muslims Are Jihadists, But ‘All Jihadists Are Muslim’ [VIDEO]   
 was right! Here is in his own words OFFERING legalization for illegals!   
 is right about In 2013 he wanted to bring illegal immigrants "out of the shadows" and grant them PLR status.
 appreciated. You're a good guy too.  
FYI... you want someone who is good on both immigration and intelligence gathering, then I'm your man  
 Santorum, Graham argue over US troops in Syria; WATCH:   
  I don't care if you are a man or woman, I care if you can do the job... I think that was
 I want people who can do the job on the frontlines.  
This Administration has pushed a political agenda over what is in the best interest of our military   
The Iranian deal is the greatest betrayal of American foreign policy in our history   
  "Islam is different…Islam is not just a religion"   
 Google searches for have spiked during this  
 Santorum: "We have entered World War III"   
 Santorum: Not all of Islam protected by the First Amendment   
 'How can we defeat our enemy if we cannot identify who they are and what motivates them?'  
  "We have a president who denies the reality of the enemy that we confront." 
Commander in Chief is not an entry level position and the Oval Office is no place for on the job training!  
There is one way to defeat the ISIS caliphate.  Take back their land!   
Sharia Law does not comport with our Constitution.  Period.    
  
We've tied the hands of intelligence agencies because of political correctness   
  Trump's comments aren't against Muslims, they're against Obama administration's inability to vet immigrant…
  
Not all Muslims are Jihadists, but all Jihadists are Muslims   
We need a President who will be honest with you about the threats we face and challenges we face   
We have entered WW3 and his policies have lit the fuse   
Tune in now!   
Tune in tonight at 6pm ET for the   
Congratulations to for becoming America's longest serving governor.
Looking forward to joining on today at 2pm to talk about our plan to repeat as  winner
 Because sometimes you just have to play carols in your Christmas pjs with daddy 
My message to is clear. Don't whine. Don't leave the Party. Fight. 
Looking forward to joining my friend this morning at 10:30. 
Look what I found outside the   room... 
 You can still follow live updates of meeting w/ editorial board here:  
 Thank you, for your unwavering support of the  and Iowa farmers.  
Proud to stand with 73,000 Iowans  employed by the renewable fuels industry!  is good for Iowa and the nation 
Quality Machine of Iowa is leading the way in providing great jobs and competing with China.  
Only one more day to enter to be my guest at the next  in Vegas!  
Blessings during the celebration of Hanukkah. Chag Sameach! 
Pres solution - 'Congress authorize what I am already doing and restrict law abiding people's right to defend themselves.'
And congratulations to Coach Dabo and the Clemson Tigers for making it to the CFB Playoffs! 
Congratulations to a good Pittsburgher Kirk Ferentz and the Iowa Hawkeyes for earning a spot in the Rose Bowl! 🌹🌹🌹
Have you entered yet?  Only a few days left to enter to be my guest at the next  debate  
On my way to Iowa this morning. Already picked up a couple of Iowa votes on the plane. That is called old fashioned "air-routes" politics.
My speech today at  in DC. 
Looking forward to speaking at  to discuss my 25 year track record of leadership in and out of Congress to keep Israel safe.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims, their loved ones and all those impacted by today's tragedy in California 
Have you signed up yet?  Join me as my guest for the next  debate in Vegas!   
Want to go to the next  debate in Vegas?  Click below to enter to win two tickets!   
Want to be my guest at the next  debate in Las Vegas?  Click here to enter to win! 
Enter now to win two tickets to join me in Vegas at the next  debate!  
Want to win a trip to the next  debate in Vegas?  Click here to enter to win a trip for two!  
Enjoyed playing tonight! 
Want to join me in Vegas for the next Republican Debate?  Enter to win two tickets today! 
Looking forward to playing tonight with
President's decision on  another example of changing a law by regulation. EPA had no authority in this case to lower standard.
Renewable fuels are an important part of our strategy for energy independence. decision today undermines that fight 
We need a POTUS who understands the  is critical to our economy ; nat security. I will provide that leadership on day-one
 decision to gut the  is a disaster. How quickly he forgets its import to Iowa's economy ; moving US to energy independence
The Controversy over Syrian Refugees Misses the Question We Should Be Asking  via NRO
In our thoughts are the men and women in uniform who are far from home. Thankful for their service. 
The Santorum family wishes you all a happy and filling  Thanking God for faith, family, friends and freedom.
Turns out the Iran Nuke Deal is not a signed deal or "legally binding". That is why Iranian leader can change it. 
In the car on my way go On the Record at 730. But now I am on the line waiting to talk with the good people of Iowa on WHO radio.
Thank you Schindlers for continuing the fight for life for the medically vulnerable even with Republicans. 
Violent extremists not jihadists now won't tell truth about illegal immigrants.  Words shape policy!
 memories. My 97 year old mom with her 7 year old grand daughter Bella. 
From the team that called it right in 2012 general election. This is a wide open race! 
 is always worth reading, even his non-fiction!  
  Graceful Answer to a Difficult Question    
Looking forward to joining at 4:40pm to talk about the  crisis
 WATCH on today at 4:40p ET!       
  tears into and says he has "no intention" of beating   
Thank you to for a wonderful event. Great to spend time with so many close friends!  
  We are so afraid to offend anyone that we won't fight for our children. 
  answered well, inspiring... 
 Watch: at    Live 7:30p ET here:    …
Happy birthday to my oldest son, John. I'm very proud to be your dad. - RS 
 has been a foreign policy failure as a Senator ; Sec of State. Now she offers a further failed vision 
 claims to want to turn the page, but all she offered today was more of the same   
 only presidential candidate to NOT refuse to address hundreds of Iowa county officials at ISAC. 
 Thank you to for visiting our brewery and engaging with us in the democratic process. 
 Join the fastest growing effort on the ground. Bring Conservative leadership to the WH 
My buddy John surprised me at my Pints and Politics in Coarlville,IA. I think I might have surprised him! 
If doesn't get a grip,  will continue to kill and  will get a nuclear bomb. God help us (5 of many)
 needs to stop blaming Israel. Stop blaming  He needs to look in the mirror  (6 of many)
 needs to get a grip right now re:  (4 of many)
  is not exploiting  rhetoric.  is at war w the West  (3 of man)
 doesn't understand the threat we face w   not  fault  (2 of many)
 should be ashamed of himself, but he's too ignorant to realize it  (1 of many)
Looking forward to joining on WHO-TV in Des Moines for the full hour from 4-5pm CT today. 
If you were for ; want a conservative who delivers, I'd be honored to have your support 
 brought passion ; energy for conservatism to the race. Not the last we've heard from him!  Wishing the Jindals the best
 National Review article by Exec Dir Religious Minorities Victimized in  
ISIS (ISLAMIC STATE Iraq Syria) Another president who doesn't know what the meaning of IS is.
As the co author of the law that required a fed court review, it was not "much ado about nothing". 
Let's see who take the ISIS threat seriously and who bow to political correctness.  
 It's been his plan all along! 
We are not helping refugees or the West by accepting this surge of refugees. 
When it comes to Syrian refugees gets it and Obama/Clinton/Edwards don't. 
Congress should halt Syrian refugees  coming to US! Listen to radio this morning w 
 was wrong when she voted against my Iran sanctions,wrong when she abandoned the green revolution ; wrong tonight 
 how can we defeat our enemy if we cannot identify who they are and what motivates them?  
Yes, it is important to understand our enemy. But you clearly do not!  We are at war with radical Islam. 
Yes, we are at war with radical Islam!  You are not qualified to serve if you cannot even define our enemy! 
After the experience, do we need another young, inexperienced president to come into office at a time when the World's on fire?
Great to see you too! 
  'People are dying because this president refuses to face the truth' 
If  wants form a 7th Century caliphate, I say let's oblige them and bomb them back to the 7th Century
 is either misinformed, dishonest, delusional or all three. We need to take the fight to 
I will be joining today at 2:05pm to talk about the attacks in Paris.
Making it official in the Sunshine State. We're on the ballot ; looking forward to the FL primary  
On my way to the  to talk about defeating radical Islam. We must define our enemy and destroy them. 
Tonight we pray for and mourn with our French brothers and sisters. Today's horror is another reminder that we must be vigilant against evil
I always enjoy the tough questions you get when you go to NH. Politics and Eggs this morning in Manchester. 
I've been fighting against  for a decade. Sadly, this is my friend supporting amnesty 
Making it official!  Back on the ballot in New Hampshire!  
It is clear what candidate is not a real conservative on immigration. Watch in 2013. 
Thanks to for having me on this  to talk about how we can make sure our bravest receive the care they deserve!
When in New Hampshire...  
Wages increased 5c per hr per yr last 25 yrs. Stocks, Corp profits ; real estate up. Need a pro worker candidate. 
  "I'm a capitalist, not a corporatist. I'm not someone who believes that we should be bailing out corporations.…
  "Need to adopt a  code that says we will be pro-family and pro-work" - TUNE INTO THE  
  You know why I respect the Democratic Party?... Because they fight!  
  "The biggest problem in America today... is the breakdown of the nuclear family in America." 
 Christie won on Facebook, but people were sure Googling Santorum! 
  zinger: "We need somebody who can win in a blue state and... we need a real principled conservative."
  “I’m a capitalist, not a corporatist"  
  Commander-in-chief is not an entry level position. Experience matters.  
 “I think for most Americans, the most important business is the family,” says at 
 Milwaukee spin room: the cowboy boots of ; me 
 Twitter winner of undercard:  | Getty 
I offer Americans a clear conservative vision, serious plans for reform, and the experience to get the job done 
We need a tax policy, immigration policy, regulatory policy that puts the American worker first 
My Economic Freedom Agenda will end the corrupt  repeal Obama’s regulations, and unleash American energy potential 
Commander-in-chief is not an entry level job! 
The American family is the first economy 
My economic plan reduces taxes, pays down the debt, and rebuilds our economy 
Record of winning in a blue state vs. a true conservative. Can't we have both? I'm your guy. 
We need a plan to revitalize American manufacturing to get America back to work 
My flat tax plan will explode the corrupt  code 
My flat tax provides a 20/20 clear vision for America that ends the corrupt  
As families struggle we must make sure our policies do not put up roadblocks and dead ends to their ability to succeed 
Tune in tonight at 7pm EST for the  
If Michael Jordan can have his NBA Finals Flu Game, then I can have my Laryngitis Presidential Debate  
Just made it official, on the ballot in Arkansas. Looking forward to visiting soon!
  has filed with for President 
It's official, on the ballot ; ready to defend my win in AL. Thanks to my friend for standing in for me 
 has abandoned American workers to appease the environmental fringe.  
Together, we won the Iowa Caucuses in 2012. And together, we can do it again. Chip in today to fuel our campaign. 
 polling is just abysmal and yet it drives so, so much of our political coverage -- and determines presidential debate parti…
 Breakfast town hall with at Scott Co GOP office in Davenport IA 
Karen and I lost a good friend and America lost a great patriot with the passing of Fred Thompson. Our sympathy to Jeri and his family.
This afternoon I joined on to talk about our expansion in Iowa!   
Looking forward to joining today at 1pm ET on I'll be live from Des Moines 
 thank you for coming to Christ The King for Mass today Senator!    
We must put a stake through the heart of  
  "Commander-In-Chief of this country is not an entry level position." 
  "We lose because we do not fight." 
 Join the fastest growing effort on the ground. Bring Conservative leadership to the WH 
 Shopping TIME! Have you picked up your SHI yet? 
 Are you FED UP? Are you willing to STEP UP? Here is your opportunity-&gt; Together We can 
 tells he would fight for Iowa Ethanol  
I kid, I kid...    
 Shopping TIME! Have you picked up your SHI yet? 
 The annual Bud Day Pheasant hunt is on. Senator Santorum is working in his limit. 
 Santorum is giving a very good performance tonight. This room's filled with a lot of his fans ; lot of his former voters wh…
 Ran into a few familiar faces at Northwestern College in Orange City, Iowa tonight. cc: 
Pick up your Santorum for President t-shirt or bumper sticker today to show your support! 
The RFS is an investment in  clean renewable energy.  
LIVE on  How ethanol is made.   energy  
 for tonight's event use 
 The ground game is growing for    
  You have to be the right candidate, it's not just about the money. You have to be compelling and able to…
Have you picked up your Santorum for President bumper sticker?  Grab one today! 
 Excited to speak to packed house of over 1,000 fired up NW Iowa  tonight!  Get tickets at 
 VIDEO: Santorum: ‘The Election Begins February 1 in Iowa’ 
Congrats Charlie, Norah, Gayle and the entire team on reaching 1,000 shows. See you in Studio 57 soon! 
The fact that I drink Coors Light is still the  Facebook trend since the debate. My tax plan is pretty good too: 
I'm cheap   
 NEW: Rick Santorum has doubled his Iowa campaign team from 5 to 10, aides tell me. 
 Rick Santorum Doubles Iowa Campaign Team 
 Rick Santorum on the importance of American manufacturing | 
 INBOX: RICK SANTORUM EXPANDS, JEB BUSH CAMPAIGN SCALES BACK
  visiting SIRE ethanol plant in Council Bluffs. His 3rd Iowa biofuels plant stop this year  
My Economic Freedom Agenda will end the corrupt  repeal Obama’s regulations, and unleash American energy potential 
We need a tax policy, immigration policy, regulatory policy that puts the American worker first 
I offer Americans a clear conservative vision, serious plans for reform, and the experience to get the job done 
My tax plan is the only GOP plan that does not blow a hole in the federal budget 
The American family is the first economy 
America works best when Americans are working.  My plan will put America back to work 
Labor supply and demand works, corporate profits are up ; execs are doing well.  But the American worker suffers 
The business wing of the GOP sees immigrant workers as a way of diluting the labor market and lowering labor costs.  
The liberal Left wants to provide amnesty ; increase the influx of immigrant workers because they want to increase their power  
We must secure our border and implement e-verify so the job market for illegal immigrants is closed 
America is worth the wait and it is worth doing it right.  We need an immigration policy that rewards those who do it right 
Immigration can be a very good thing.  But there can also be too much of a good thing 
My immigration plan is common-sense because stagnant wages ; joblessness is not good for anyone 
We must reduce legal immigration by 25% by ending chain migration and the visa lottery 
Over the past 20 years, 35 million legal ; illegal immigrants have come to U.S.  The largest mass immigration in American history 
We must rebuild the economy, the family, and ensure we have a responsible immigration policy that puts the American worker first 
We need a plan to revitalize American manufacturing to get America back to work 
My Economic Freedom Agenda will create over 3 million new jobs above current projections 
 One candidate is talking about the American worker and our everyday real concerns  
 American  will grow ; thrive under a administration.   
My flat tax plan will explode the corrupt  code 
Under my fair, flat tax plan, Warren Buffett will no longer pay less than his secretary.  
In my first 100 days as president, I will submit to Congress a comprehensive Economic Freedom Agenda that will abolish tax code. 
My flat tax provides a 20/20 clear vision for America that ends the corrupt  
We need a conservative that can deliver! 
Make sure to tune in! 
No better way to spend a debate day than with Foster, one of the kindest friends I could ever ask for!  
Fueling up for the debate with great friends   
Prepared for CNBC economy debate by playing Monopoly with and son Peter.  I won - Hope I didn't peak too soon
Spotted this supporter in VA. Pick up your Santorum for President bumper sticker today!  
Our online campaign store is open for business. Pick up your Santorum for President t-shirt today! 
 I enjoy "going on some of the shows that don't agree with me; it gives me an opportunity to deal with some of the critici…
Have you picked up your Santorum for President bumper sticker?  Visit our online store and get one today! 
Grateful to be the guest of the Kansas City Chiefs today, but I've got to stay true to my roots!  
I will be joining today at 2:15pm ET on We'll be talking  and 
Everything Hillary Clinton says is tested by focus groups. Did you ever wonder how those focus groups look? 
  joins me for the full hour — now on Watch:  
Last night I joined on to talk about our plan to fight for hardworking families 
  says shares blame for problems in Israel  
 Santorum: Obama W.H. partly responsible for violence in Israel  - on 
Last night I joined on to talk about our plan to fight for American jobs! 
 ICYMI: I asked happened to the sweater vest? 
  Voters will "date around" and eventually "decide who they're going to marry"  
  on his political strategy: Being "the guy you bring home to mom"  
  confident in his 2016 presidential run joins TONIGHT on  7PM EST
 Santorum: Obama W.H. partly responsible for violence in Israel  - on 
Enjoyed joining on today to take questions from you, the viewers! 
Today I was the 1st GOP presidential candidate in nearly a decade to have a NY Times Editorial Board, ; I survived! 
  greeting attendees at the  Speaker lineup: Carly, Cruz, Santorum, Huckabee. Carson, Bush 
 Just spoke with at presidential forum.Talked about his 20/20 tax plan 
  works the crowd at before 3p forum. He's only one posing w/ voters here so far.  
  shaking hands ahead of N Texas Prez forum in Plano.  
 Santorum to reporters: "I'm the outsider who knows what to do on the inside." 
  ties falling wages to illegal immigration, says  to blame for income inequality. 
  direct message to Islamic State earns him standing ovation at GOP presidential forum: 
 Making it official!  Scott Walker out... Rick Santorum in!  New, expanded Santorum Iowa HQ  
Pres. has learned lesson from removing troops in Iraq that led to ISIS. Situation on the ground should dictate policy not politics. RS
Enjoyed visiting Keota High School this morning!  
Tonight reinforcing that is a disaster. Join our team ; let's take back America!  
 now says she's  I thought she was dead broke? 
 says she's as transparent as she knows to be re: her emails. Says it all. 
Did seriously just tout  sanctions?  News flash: she voted against my sanctions bill in 2006. 
Enjoyed joining and this morning to talk about our plan to  
Time to  My 20/20 flat tax will create 19 million jobs, repeal ObamaCare, balance the budget ; strengthen defense. 
 Great turnout out at the meeting tonight where gave a very informative Q;A session. 
Thank you for your support.  I really enjoyed meeting and taking questions from a great group of patriots!  
 Santorum gets it: "A Flat Tax Is the Best Path to Prosperity" 
On my way to Tarrant County Tea Party after dropping by Ranger game w PGA's Lanny Watkins ; NFL's Cliff Harris 
Wouldn't you rather have a president who is going to be known for the phrase "You're Hired".  
 Thank you Mark!
 Santorum proposes a solid tax plan 
Do you want to explode the (tax) code?  Join the fight with me and let's end the  as we know it! 
Former Club for Growth President says only the Chinese could hate our tax plan!  
  has plan to replace the current tax code     
President Reagan's Economic advisor Art Laffer calls our new tax plan "extraordinarily good". What do you think? 
  calls for a 20/20 flat tax plan in his new economic plan
  writes "A Flat Tax Is the Best Path to Prosperity" 
Excited to join today at 4pm EST to talk about our plan to torch the tax code! 
Do you agree we need an economic freedom agenda that has a fairer, flatter tax code ; ends the  Join us today! 
I believe we need to torch the tax code and end the  as we know it. Check out my plan in today's  
  offers an excellent tax reform plan, w/ a single 20% rate for individuals and businesses 
 Rick Santorum: My Flat Tax Is the Best Path to Prosperity  via
Do you believe we need to end the corrupt  I do!  I am unveiling my plan today!  
  writes "A Flat Tax Is the Best Path to Prosperity" 
 is 1st in race to offer specific/conservative/impressive plan to scrap tax code ; replace w/flat tax. htt…
Do you believe we need to torch the tax code?  I do! Today I unveil my plan to end the  as we know it!  
Tomorrow's news tonight!  My oped outlining my plan to torch the tax code and institute a flat tax   
Do you think we need to torch the tax code?  I do!  Tomorrow I will release my plan to end the   
Karen and I are so proud of our son John for receiving his Band of Gold!  
Pat, Peter, John's girlfriend ; proud Citadel parents at Ring Ceremony 
Minutes away from Ring Ceremony beginning for son John, our senior at  
Thank you to everyone who made yesterday's Day of Giving such a big success!  We raised nearly $300,000!  
 answers question about economic development on tonight's  on WATCH: 
 addresses renewable fuel standard on tonight's  on LOOK: 
 discusses greenhouse gas regulations on tonight's  on WATCH: 
 Thank you to for stopping by to visit with flood victims and volunteers while in town.  
Twice I've experienced the amazing way SC responds to tragedy. SC shows the best of the American spirit of generosity ; compassion.-rs
In SC to see my son receive his Citadel ring, taking some time to visit ; help with those affected by the flooding. 
Have you joined our We The People Day of Giving?  There is still time to sign up:   
The We The People Day of Giving starts now!  Join our team today!  
Tomorrow's the big day!  Have you signed up to be part of our campaign's Day of Giving?  
Great crowd this morning at Briar Cliff College in Sioux City, Iowa!  
Excited to announce that this Monday, Oct 12 we will be unveiling our plan to end the  as we know it! 
Just one day before our campaign's first We The People Day of Giving. Join our team today! 
Yes, yes we have!  And we wouldn't have it any other way!  
Just one day to go before our first We the People National Day of Giving!  Join us at:  
Kudos to for excellent town hall. Tune in rural and small town America. 
 Republican Candidate Visits Emmetsburg, Iowa  
  weakness from Oval Office and Congress   VIA  
This Thursday marks our first National Day of Giving. Show the DC establishment that you pick our nominee! 
Looking forward to joining The Great One, tonight at 8:30pm ET. 
 Talking  with on Monday at Western Dubuque Biodiesel. 
 A recap of Monday's meeting with Sen. who knows that the    
 will be in Sioux City and Fort Dodge on Wednesday, October 7th 
Are you ready?  This Thursday is our campaign's first We The People National Day of Giving!  
Conservative columnist helped make it a good morning here in Mason City. 
Join us in our first We The People Day of Giving on Thursday to support our campaign to take back America!  
My thoughts and prayers are with my friends in South Carolina as they deal with this horrific flooding 
Join us this Thursday for our first We The People Day of Giving to support our campaign  
 WATCH    Sign up to keep this message strong! 
 will be in  Oct. 5-7!  Details here:   
I recently had the opportunity to talk with RFD-TV about my plan to help rural America. Check it out!  
  defines "practical federalism" (courtesy of  
 WATCH: Rick Santorum   Will you chip in $10 to keep this message strong? 
 Sen Rick Santorum on first edition On the Campaign Trail: Presidential Conversations on Education, Monday at 3 pm. 
Thanks Aaron and Christine for your support and for a wonderful time at your banquet last night.  
That brought back memories. Came within one vote of passing BBA in senate. Thanks Patsy.  
Thanks Peggy. Keep up the conservative fight in AZ! 
I will be back in Iowa on Monday. Hope to see you at one of my stops in the Hawkeye State!  
Today, like every day, is a great day to buy American!  Support US manufacturing! 
Ever wonder what goes on at a fundraiser?  We did and this was our best guess... 
Today is Manufacturing Day!  I announced my campaign from a factory floor b/c I believe we need to fight for hardworking families 
 WE THE PEOPLE will defund ; prosecute  Will you join us?   
 WATCH:     Will you help keep this message strong? 
  stands up to on Planned Parenthood   
Had a chance to talk about the need  yesterday on The View. Women deserve better! 
Great to join on to talk Syria,  and  
Do you agree we need strong conservative leadership in Washington?  Join our Team and help us take back America! 
I will be joining in just a few minutes on Talking Syria, Russia, ; 2016
Tune at 11am EST as I join the ladies of Check your local listings. 
I will be joining Wednesday morning at 11am EST. Check your local listings 
Do you agree  should be defunded and prosecuted?  Sign our petition today!  
How do I know  is breaking the law?  Because I wrote the law banning partial birth abortions! 
America is never going to blessed if we are a country that kills our children in the womb 
We must not only defund  we must prosecute  
Looking forward to returning to New Hampshire this weekend!   
Thank you for your help!  Very chic t-shirts 😉 
Thank you for blessing our little angel Bella! - rs 
What a blessing for and kids!   
Do you agree we are at a crossroads and we need a President who will fight for America?  Join our campaign today! 
On the road running a lean and nice campaign. Viva El Cheapo!   
Our next President must be someone our enemies respect and someone who our allies can trust  
We are never going to be a country blessed if we continue to kill innocent children in the womb   
 ICYMI: Watch full speech at  here: 
A little rain won't slow our campaign down!  Great to take part in the Irmo Okra Strut today   
We should not just defund  we should prosecute  
If you will not fight for the 1st Amdt, not fight for religious liberty, not fight for family, why are you running for President! 
I will be at  in just a few minutes!  Looking forward to talking about the principles that make America great ; how we can fight back!
I will be joining radio show today at 9am EST. Tune in! 
Looking forward to joining on at 8am EST 
The Senate must vote to defund  today and hold firm. If we do not stand up to these vile acts, what will we stand up to?
 call for subsidiarity is key to understanding his call to each of us to respond to the challenge of helping others.
  Yes the should be talking about income inequality -OTR  
  is putting a moral layer on everything we do here, which is important to do.  
  I'm concerned about how Congress will react to speech - hope they behave -OTR  
Looking forward to joining tonight at 7pm EST on 
Great to be back with the Westside Conservative Club this morning in Urbandale, Iowa!   
 has been one of US' strongest governors. People of WI are blessed to have his leadership. Not the last we've heard of him!
Watching the  with the Des Moines club! Push-ups for the TD! Way to go 
It's great to be back in Iowa  
 Best of the undercard debate last night, to me? Rick Santorum on the minimum wage. 
Great to be joined by today at forum in Greenville, SC  
  is officially a South Carolina Presidential primary candidate!   
Fun morning at the Columbia Greek Festival making some gyros!  
Proud to submit my SC primary ballot fee with for the first in the South primary!   
Looking forward to joining my friend tonight at 5:30pm EST. Tune in!  
 Of 15 candidates in  only two warned of rising threat of  Sen. ; Sen.
Asked by about my claim last night that Ted Cruz is for amnesty.  See quote paragraph 9. 
On Commander-in-Chief isn't an entry level job. Spent 8 yrs on Senate Armed Services Comm. I have plan to neutralize Iran/ISIS.
We need a President w/years of national security experience, one who understands  ;  
Looking forward to joining my friend today at 9:30am EST. Tune in!
 Voters speak! Rick Santorum running away with the victory in the first debate.   
 Just in: tell other candidates that  should be the focus of the immigration debate rather tha…
The focus of immigration and all policies should be what is in the best interest of America   
Personal attacks between Republicans pleases one person: Hillary Clinton  

Walk through completed. Ready for tonight!  Game on!   
|LIVE NOW|   
LIVE on  Mic check...   
Boots shined up and ready to go!  
Debate night in California. Game on!  
Big night at the Reagan Presidential Library. Tune in!  6pm EST!   
Tonight. 6pm EST. Game on!  
It’s debate week, and we just launched our account! Can you chip in $3 to show your support? 
  There should be accommodation for religious liberty.  via Watch here:   
Looking forward to joining at 8am to talk about Wednesday's big 
 America is the greatest country in the world. We can restore the American Dream   htt…
 From long personal conversations I have had with him, I know former Sen. truly understands threat posed b…
  leaves powerful impression in TN   
 getting to know you and Anita has been a great joy for our family. Thank you for your service friend. 
The fitting tribute to the 9/11 victims is to at least be truthful about the enemy we now face. 
Obama's  must be defeated for the sake of our security and the security of our allies.
I agree that Europe needs to deal with this problem. U.S. Already resettles 70% of UN refugees. 
Soon to be 16 yr old son Peter got driving permit today. Just finished first drive with dad ... safely. 
Looking forward to joining tonight on to discuss  and protecting our religious freedom!
Great to see and today in Chapin, SC!  South Carolina is blessed to have their leadership 
Great Labor Day morning meeting folks along the trail in Chapin, SC 
Pres violated Corker-Cardin. It should be abandoned. Senate Reps should declare Iran deal is a treaty ; vote on it. 
Pres has not complied w Corker-Cardin. Congress should pass resolution so stating. Congress should not vote on C-C. 
 Who sponsored a car? That's right   
Always great to see and  South Carolina is lucky to have these two leaders 
So appreciative of Richard Childress and all of  for their hospitality today at   
Great to spend some time with The King this afternoon at    
Find out about new film Vanished coming to theaters in 2016. 
The double standard by the media and the left. Where is there praise for her courage? 
  What  did was heroic. I commend her.  
I will be joining at 9:30am ET. Tune in!
In America we should not have to choose between keeping our job and practicing our faith. 
Looking forward to joining on in just a few minutes! 
We should not have to choose between keeping our job ; practicing our faith. Congress and states must pass First Amendment Defense Act now!
What this president has done with this “Iran Deal” is the greatest betrayal of any president in our history of the security of our country.
"The 2nd is there to protect the 1st." I had a great time in SC firing some rounds ; talking about the 2nd amendment. 
Hardworking American families are struggling because no one is fighting for them. I plan to change that. 
It’s time to revitalize manufacturing, processing, construction, and energy sectors of our economy again so America can once again thrive.
Remember  70 years ago marked the end of WWII. Thank you to the  for saving the world. 
We need a pro-growth economic agenda, but we must also have a pro-worker economic agenda. 
  now for  
 On Tuesday, became the first 2016er to visit all 99 counties in Iowa  via
I am committed to fighting to ensure that our country always errs on the sides of life. 
 Congratulations to for completing the full Grassley!    
 Congrads to  99th Iowa County September 1st 2015 
  today completed "the full Grassley" meaning he has visited all 99 counties in Iowa.
 Congratulations to  who will complete the "Full Grassley" this evening 
  
That’s how we’re going to win this campaign — going person-by-person and taking no one for granted.
We did it! All 99 Iowa Counties!   
 issues statement congratulating on being first of cycle to complete "Full Grassley," visit of all…
  is first 2016 candidate to complete "Full Grassley," visiting all 99 Iowa counties
 Greetings from Lyon County, where completes his second "Full Grassley" 🐄   
 later today.  
Can't wait to thank Lyon Co for giving me highest % of any Iowa Co in 2012.  
 here we come! Help us cross the finish line!   
 "I'm going to get federal government out of the education business," says on edu. spending.  
This time tomorrow we’ll be in Rock Rapids—visiting our 99th Iowa County. We’re not taking a single vote for granted. 
Hardworking American families deserve a fairer and flatter tax code that treats everyone equally under tax law. 
 Delighted to join campaign today.    All the best to a true Patriot and his awesome team!
Excited to announce one of Iowa's go-to activists Karen Fesler has joined our Team to lead national caucus coalitions.  
LIVE on  This is how it's  on our way to 99!  
It’s clear to me that America is ready to chart a new course. But it’ll take all of us working together to achieve it 
 Delighted to see will be visiting DK Plastics in Archer, IA tomorrow. On same road I live - 2 miles from my …
Will you help us send a message to the mainstream media that it’s the hard work at the grassroots level that matters? 
This campaign isn’t about chasing after TV cameras ; speeches in big cities. It’s about going person-to-person ; taking no one for granted.
Less than 24 hours until we achieve a “Full Grassley”—bringing our campaign to each of Iowa’s 99 counties. 
Manufacturing jobs didn't just build strong families and strong communities, they literally built America. 
We must reduce immigration levels to the USA in order to protect American workers from foreign labor. American workers must come first.
Planned Parenthood should be defunded and prosecuted under federal law for violating the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban. 
I’m back in Iowa today for my final push to visit all 99 counties. Will you help me fuel this final stretch? 
In today’s digital age, your online support will be a crucial part of helping our campaign achieve victory &gt;&gt;&gt; 
Are you on the list? Signup now to get the latest news about our campaign for the White House &gt;&gt; 
We’re articulating a bold, conservative vision for restoring the American dream for hardworking Americans. Join us! 
We need a pro-growth economic agenda, but we must also have a pro-worker economic agenda.  
Log on to  at 11pm ET when I join the after show!
Signup now to get the latest news about our campaign for the White House  
I'll be joining with tonight on   Be sure to tune in. This will be fun!
Heading back to Iowa this weekend for the final leg of the road to all 99 counties. Will I see you there?  
We need a president who’ll stand up for every life. Join me in the fight to  today. 
I wish was as hard on the terrorists as she is on those who respect the dignity of all human life.
I’m depending on people like you to power this campaign. Here are a few important things you can do today to help. 
Every net new job created since 2000 for people between 18 and 65 is held by someone who wasn’t born in this country. This needs to change.
Looking forward to joining today at 10:30am to discuss our plan to take back America!
Future Speaker! PA is fortunate to have a great conservative leader join the House. 
  set to visit all 99 Iowa counties: 
Today we're grateful for our cute little trouble maker and faithful companion to Bella!Happy National Dog Day, Darcy! 
 Repeat feat: soon will bag 99 counties in Iowa  via
Sign up to join us as we celebrate visiting all 99 counties in Iowa! We did it in 2012 and we're doing it again. 
 Scooplet: Team Santorum says a big moment arrives soon: He reaches his 99th Iowa county on Sept 1. He'll throw a celeb…
  has been fighting  for a long time ; his new  policy deserves more attention. 
LIVE on  Mechanical trucks   
 On Immigration, Santorum Adds Substance  Will slow and steady win the race?
   on Sept. 1   
Back on the road to   
Looking forward to talking about our plans to fix our immigration system tonight w/ on The Kelly File on
I will be joining my friend, THE GREAT ONE, tonight at 8:30pm ET to talk about our plan to fix our broken immigration system
Looking forward to joining my friend at 4:30pm to talk about my plan to fix our broken  system ; secure the border
After Press Club speech, Five Guys joining us the road to all 99 Iowa counties  
Working with Bella on her physical therapy. This week, Bella lost her second front tooth. 
I will be on nationally syndicated radio host Michael Medved's show at 5PM ET. Stay tuned. 
Tune in to Thursday at 11am to hear my plans to fix our immigration system and put American workers first! 
Will be joining at 1 ET and at 5 ET. Previewing my putting American workers first immigration plan.
Tomorrow morning I will be addressing the National Press Club with our plan to fix our broken immigration system! 
 Actually I said it first and I might add better. Welcome aboard. 
 "Everything the president has done with a pen, we can fix with an eraser", in Manchester, Iowa 
 All the  are in Iowa. But no one more than  tracker  
|LIVE NOW| On the factory floor of American air power  
Look what we found in the parking lot in Cedar Rapids, Iowa   
Sharing our vision to make America the  manufacturer in the world in Cedar Rapids at  
LIVE on  These aren't your garden hoses.   
More town halls, more counties and more caucus captains.   
After a long day at the we took it easy and did just 2 more town halls. 2 more counties.  
Looking forward to joining my friend tomorrow on WABC radio in New York.

 As lands chopper, meets Iowans one by one. There's a line to see this '12 Iowa winner. 
 WATCH: at the   
 Keep up the great work on helping make America the  country for manufacturing!  
Thank you for coming all the way from PA to support me at the 
 Rick Santorum still a known face in Iowa -- good crowd for the Soapbox 
 at  
  addressing a massive crowd at the soapbox at the   
 I had a pork chop ready for I emailed her to come by, she must have deleted it. 
 thanks for letting me help serve lunch to the ...no worries no 5 sec. rule  
LIVE on  Cooking some pork 
It's a great day to be at the IA State Fair! Enjoying the good food and company. What are your plans for the weekend? 
Always fun speaking to a great crowd at the soapbox at the   
At the  rally in Des Moines. Now is the time to not only defund it's time to prosecute 
Sign of things to come...   
LIVE on  At the soapbox 
 says I might break his record for completing the  before Labor Day!   
I'm excited to use the new app which highlights sites across the   
Good morning from the 
Can always count on a great crowd and a warm welcome from Mt. Pleasant, Iowa!  
LIVE on  Why does my staff keep sending me to these places?    
Growth for America means bringing back manufacturing and a push for vocational training.   
Great to be in Iowa. On to all 99 counties! Hope to see you at one of our campaign stops. 
After a long day on the trail, it's time to mark off a few more counties.   
 Ended up being good crowd and press turnout for Number of customers came over to listen  
 sticks to his principles-he doesn’t waffle because it’s not politically unpopular. By 
  held "pints and politics" at He favors an Irish Stout  
|LIVE NOW| Pints and politics...👍  
LIVE on  Pints and politics... 👍 
Visited the largest antenna range in the world at Liberty Labs! On the road in Iowa with  
Looking forward to joining my friend of live in studio today from the Iowa State Fair 
Joining with at 4pm ET. Be sure to tune in!
  hires NH senior adviser, eyes greater focus on  primary. Story:   
Thrilled to announce the return of as my  senior advisor in New Hampshire!  
Looking forward to joining today on at 2:15pm ET. Talking about how we will defeat 
To surprise of editors  smearing his opponents to win, this case Jews. Why the surprise from Divider in Chief? 
Big staff addition coming soon...   
ICYMI  
Enough is enough... It is time to stop the crass personal attacks against other candidates and others like Megyn. Let's focus on the issues!
Our peaches have been coming in by the dozen! We're peeling, canning, ; even enjoying some fresh peach gelato. 
Get quality time with your kids whenever you can. Daniel and I will be on the road in IA next week.  
Tune in to tonight at 7pm ET on We'll be talking about our big debate last night. 
After a great debate last night, I'm excited to join my friend, on for part of the 7pm ET hour 
Watching the 2nd debate with friends. 
 I'm looking out for the American worker, says. 
 Bravo for bringing up PP videos since moderators wouldn't
 Just rolls off the tongue: "The 20-20 perfect vision for America"
 If presidential elections were actually about issues, Santorum would fare much better than he is.  Good answer on entitlemen…
"I'm going to take a blowtorch to the I.R.S."  
 "Our compassion is in our laws, everyone is treated equally" Great line,
Vote   Download Debate App - iTunes -    Android -  
GameOn!  
Proud to speak to a fired up group at the Ohio Pastors Conference!   
Look who's going on to talk about the debate! Break a leg  
It was great to join and on this morning to talk about the debate!  
I ran into at daily mass in Cleveland. Mass is my  
I will be joining on at 7am!  Talking about tonight's debate!  Tune in.
Tune in to the tonight to catch my interview with  
Tough talk doesn't cut it. I have a plan to control immigration to help American workers. 
Enjoyed visiting the great folks at TRM Microwave in Bedford, NH  
Thank you for the opportunity to address voters tonight!     
Excited to talk about our vision to fight for hardworking Americans tonight in Manchester, NH  
Great to join today in Manchester, NH for a taping of Close Up  
Packed house this afternoon for a coffee and conversation town hall meeting in Jefferson, Iowa  
Snapshot from a town hall in Humboldt, IA this morning. Hope that everyone is enjoying a restful Sunday! 
I will be joining on this morning. Talking  Check your local ABC listings for broadcast in your area.
Another  experience as we drive on US 20.    
Looking forward to joining exclusively tomorrow on Be sure to tune in! 
Taking part in the RC car race today in Rockwell City, IA. Who says you can't have a little fun on the trail?! 
|LIVE NOW| I'm racing in the Iowa corn days RC Car Race  
Great time this afternoon visiting Sweet Corn Daze in Rockwell City, Iowa  
 Read his column today!  now! 
Flipping pancakes and spending time with friends at our first stop today!   
LIVE on  Helping paint the Freedom Rock 
Flipping pancakes in Dow, Iowa   
|LIVE NOW| Making breakfast for a few friends in Iowa  
LIVE on  Making breakfast for a few friends in Iowa 
 it's good to be back at my 2nd home.  
Today our campaign launched a new website,  to give voters a behind the scenes look at the Clinton campaign....
Randy from Storm Lake, Iowa saw that we needed help filling the tank so he filled the tank up for us! 
Thank you to the team at Merrill Mfg for hosting us today in Storm Lake, Iowa  
LIVE on  Meeting the team at Merrill Mfg. in Iowa!  
Ida County, Iowa is Santorum Country! 
Meeting with some friends in Iowa this morning! 
Enjoyed touring VT Industries and meeting with their hardworking employees in Holstein, Iowa 
 if you're NOT ready for Hillary!  Take a peek inside Hillary World here ;   
Filled up the gas tank ; on the road in Iowa. Help us out as we head to all 99 counties!  
Great to be back in Iowa, on the road to all 99 counties!   Sequel
Enough is enough!  Congress must show some leadership and  now!  
Huge thx to my old friend ;partner in combating globalAIDS,Bono,for hosting me;daughter Sarah at concert last wk 
 chronicles the despotic actions of Pres Obama.  I will demand accountability and transparency. Join me.
 if you agree we need an immigration system that prioritized American workers first!  Read my new oped here: 
Home for the afternoon with Bella ; the family! We made sandwiches for lunch ; are going to check our peach trees! 
 told New Hampshire voters she would "defend"  I will defund it!  
Thank you for an outstanding day of town halls and meetings in South Carolina! 
Loved traveling to Aiken and Greenville, SC today!  Here is a quick update from the road!    
 if you agree Barack Obama's  deal is the worst national security blunder in our history 
Guess the media found me!  Great to be back in Aiken, SC today!    
In the great state of South Carolina today! Pic taken at a media avail in Columbia while discussing Iran 
 if you agree we must defund  now!
Listen in now to my interview with John Gibson on Radio:  
 We'll be in Columbia, SC tomorrow with Register for our  event:  
Joining my friend, Laura Ingraham, on her show at 10:30am ET today.Find the best station here:  
Want secure borders, laws enforced and rising wages for workers? Tune into  live today at 10:30 ET to hear how we get there.
Every Member of congress who votes for this agreement is responsible for every action Iran takes from here on  
Thank you Keith Fournier for responding to another pathetic piece of leftist journalism.  
The newest, furry member of our family came to pick me up from the airport today! 
What a great afternoon at the Homestead Deli in Amherst, NH!  Perfect way to cap off a great Granite State trip! 
Appreciate the incredibly warm welcome today at the NH Security Summit  
Join me this afternoon at 1:45pm ET in Amherst, NH for a meet and greet at Homestead Grocery! 
Slow and steady wins the race!   
At 12:30pm ET, I'll be discussing the Border and Immigration at the Manchester, NH National Security Summit:  Join me!
Head over to Murphy's Diner in Manchester, NH for a meet and greet at 9:30 AM ET
Enjoyed greeting  voters at the Airport Diner in Manchester, NH 
Another great crowd tonight in Weare, NH!  Talking Obamacare, immigration and Iran  
When in New Hampshire, you take part in pints and politics   
Enjoyed meeting you and your parents.   
Listen to my Pints and Politics interview at 4:15pm ET here:  
 2016 Watch: covers at an event in Concord     
Great crowd this afternoon in Concord at New England College!  
 LIVE on  Live with Rick Santorum 
Great to be back in New Hampshire today and tomorrow!  First stop... 
Will be on with my friend this morning.
Enjoying my time on right now.
May have been but was in-sync with all of these women for arming military personnel here at home. 
Looking forward to joining today live in studio at 10am on Be sure to tune in!
 Awesome to meet Senator at Fox News.  
Looking forward to joining on live in studio at 9:30am ET. Be sure to tune in!
Excited to be joining this morning in studio at 30 Rock
 Debate btw ; just now on gay marriage was not only fascinating, it was respectful ; passionate. How…
 Bono pays homage to at MSG ( ; to 
Guess I need to work on my attitude. Thank you to my old friend ; global aids partner, Bono, for hosting us in NYC. 
 Coming up, and talk to candidate WATCH LIVE at 5pmET   
 WATCH LIVE: joins and live on the  set  
Looking forward to joining at 5:10pm ET today. Be sure to tune in!
 thanks for the opportunity to be on your show and your kindness to  
Looking forward to joining on at 3:30pm ET.
Toughest interview I've had yet... My 17 year old daughter Sarah Maria interviewing me on Outnumbered  
I'll be on the radio with at 5:30pm ET discussing immigration and Planned Parenthood. Listen in! 
 With four girls in the family should be right at home 
I'll be joining on at 1:30pm ET.
Joining the Team today. Tune in! 
I'm up next at 12pm ET on - Outnumbered!
 My concern with Kate's law is it only applies to Sanctuary Cities. Should apply to felons released by the federal govt too.
 I am a proud supporter of Kate's Law. We must enforce immigration laws, keep Americans safe, ; stop sanctuary cities. - RJS
How do you justify killing 55 million babies? You lie. The latest deception from the mouthpiece of the eugenicists.  
Looking forward to joining today for the full-hour on as the  Be sure to tune in!
Excited for a day of media appearances from NYC ; happy that my daughter, Sarah Maria, is joining me for the trip! Check back for more info
I joined today to talk about not playing the media's game to start a GOP food fight amongst ourselves! 
Help to shape the future of this great nation!Sign up to receive campaign updates ;to learn more abt getting involved 
Looking forward to joining tonight at 6:20pm ET to talk about our plan to fight for hard working American families
Turn on at 4pm ET to watch and I discuss the issues of the day!
 Just made a donation to Rick Santorum for President    Thank you!
 YES just KILLED IT re. the need to restrict legal ; illegal immigration.  It's abt AMERICAN workers.
  “We have to start looking out for the interest of workers.”  
  “I have no doubt that Iran will be even more a fomenter of terrorism in the world.”  
Did you miss my interview tonight with on  Check it out here! 
My interview w  will run at 3:17 CT. Talking   and the race
About to join  at the bottom of the hour. 
At 1:20pm ET I'll be on John Gibson's show on Fox News Radio - looking forward to it! 
Tune in to Special Report with Bret Baier tonight at 6pm ET on FOX News as I take the Center Seat 
 About Trump, Rick on said he won't engage in making personal remarks about the others but will…
Tune in to hear me have a good conversation with Brian on and Friends on Fox News Radio from 10:30-11am ET
Next up I will be going on with  at 10:30 ET. Don't forget to watch for me with  tonight. 
Excited about going back on the radio with my friend 9:30 ET.
LIVE on  I'm about to go on stage with  
   shows up in the newsroom for a friendly game of peek-a-boo. 
 is an American hero, period.
Iran is one of the world’s chief sponsors of terror. Join me in urging Congress to reject this   
Town Hall  
Pete Brownell gave us a tour of  in Grinell, IA with State Rep. Dave Maxwell. 
|LIVE NOW| Meeting with the hardworking Americans of Brownells  
 Where do I get campaign signs like this made?  
LIVE on  Packing a order at Brownells  
|LIVE NOW| 200,000 square feet of ammunition at Brownells in Iowa   
Sen. Santorum greeting supporters at the Ford Dealership in Burlington, IA.  
Sen. Santorum visited with Iowans at The Farmer's Elevator in Wapello this morning.  
 highlighted our campaign on immigration.  
Rick Santorum on sanctuary towns.   
Listening to concerns of Larry Thomas, the owner/pharmacist at LEG Pharmacy in Keosauqua. 
Ordering a black raspberry malt from Misty's Malt Shop in Keosauqua, Iowa.  
 and I are keeping the victims ; those effected by the tragedy in  in our prayers.
LIVE on  Making a shake at Misty's Malt Shop 
Tell Rick you agree that the  is a big mistake. Add your name here: 
With Mayor Miller at the Wellman Senior Center. Meet me at 3 in Keosauqua.  
Mr. O's Cafe with IA Rep.Jared Klein ; Trevor Owen, a 19 yr. old restaurant owner.  
Great turnout in Wellman. Join me in Keosauqua at 3pm.   
|LIVE NOW|  A few friends joined me for breakfast in Iowa  
Great questions and standing room only in Wellman! Check out where I'll be in Iowa today here:  
LIVE on  Breakfast with a few friends  
Today in 1969 Apollo 11 departs on it’s historic journey.  
Tell Congress NO to the  - add your name here: 
Great questions and great turnout at Tipton Family Restaurant in Tipton, IA.  
Rick Santorum speaks to Iowans at the Tipton Family Restaurant in Tipton, IA.  
Iowans await Sen. Santorum's Town Hall to begin at Tipton Family Restaurant in Tipton, Iowa.  
Meet Senator Santorum in Iowa!  
 welcomed Sen. Santorum to McOtto's Restaurant for a roundtable discussion in Anamosa, IA. 
Add your name - urge Congress to reject the  
Rick Santorum met with Clinton County GOP Chair Dan Smicker ; Iowans at the Clinton County Fair in DeWitt.  
LIVE on  Nothing like fair time in Iowa 
Sen. Santorum speaking with the press at the Clinton County Fair in DeWitt, Iowa.  
|LIVE NOW| Nothing like county fair time in Iowa  
LIVE on  Iowans put you to work at the county fair 
Talking about my plan to help the American working family rise in Maquoketa at Jackson Manufacturing.  
 greets a worker at Jackson Manufacturing in Maquoketa today.  
 touring jackson manufacturing plant 
 at Jackson mfg in Maquoketa, IA 
|LIVE NOW| Next time you close your window of sliding door think Made in Iowa  
LIVE on  Jackson Mfg. employs special needs workers.  
Thanks for your note Mike! Here is the signed photo you requested for your social studies class. 
Join Rick in standing strong against a bad   Sign here: 
Sen. Santorum joins  in 5 minutes. 
Catch Sen. Santorum on  at 8:30 pm EST. 
Sen. Santorum will be on The Simon Conway Radio Show  in 20 minutes.  
Join Rick in urging Congress to reject the   
Always have been ; always will be in favor of defunding ; their destruction ; now exploitation of human life. 
Honored to have support of 12 PA Senate ; House leaders. With   ;  in Hbg today 
Sen. Santorum received the endorsement of PA GOP leaders today.   
ICYMI: Sen. Santorum on the Iran Deal.   
Sen. Santorum joins The Frank Beckman Show  in 5 mins.  
In 5 minutes Sen. Santorum will be on  radio show.  
Sen. Santorum joins   ;  on  8am EST today. 
 Sen. Santorum joins  in 10 minutes.  
Good morning! Rick Santorum joins  in 35 minutes.   
Sen. Santorum met the Thenhaus Family and spent time with Melody who has Trisomy 18. Thanks  for pics 
Tune in now  to watch my LIVE interview.  
 THANK you for your support.
Sen. Santorum joins  in 30 minutes. Be sure to     
Looking forward to joining  tonight.   
 THANKS for the support.
Sen. Santorum joins  tonight at 6 pm EST. 
  VIDEO:  Breakfast with    
Proud to join so many fellow supporters of our great ally Israel today at the  Summit.  
  We can stand with them [Israel] 100%. Protecting Israelis is a high priority for us.  
Sen. Santorum was honored to speak at the 10th Annual  Summit in D.C. today. 
Sen. Santorum spoke the  Monitor Breakfast today. 
Join our team!   
ICYMI: Click here to watch Senator Santorum make his announcement to run for President. 
 Tweet me your questions for who is on the show now? Or call in 1-855-711-4872
Join Rick's Team!   
ICYMI: Click here to watch Senator Santorum make his announcement to run for President. 
ICYMI: Sen. Santorum during his 1 hour interview  which aired Friday night.  
Confirm you are getting the important updates from Rick and the team here:  
 Everyone needs to know. 
  Tonight I sit down w/ 2016 Pres. Candidate to ask him why this time is diff. ; what he can accomplish
Together, we can restore the American Dream for hardworking families.   
Don't forget to catch tonight's special 1-hour interview on  tonight!  at 10PM Eastern  
Roll Call! Confirm you are getting all the important updates from the campaign trail here.  
The Iowa Republican’s most recent take on our campaign.  
 Enjoyed catching up ; sharing family photos with backstage at  this morning. 
Be sure to tune in to tonight to catch my one-hour special interview with at 10PM Eastern. 
Get in on the ground floor and join the team!  
Do you know why Southerners love their sweet tea?  
Lt.Col.Blanchfield became the first female officer in the Army today in 1947.  
Touring the soldier's memorial at Gettysburg Battlefield. A solemn reminder of the sacrifices made for freedom.  
 and I took Bella to her therapy riding today. Proud of our little equestrian. 
If you want to know who is really serious about immigration control look at the record not the rhetoric. 
Thanks Suzie, we want to see "Made in the U.S.A." more often too.  
Most of the GOP field wants to increase H-1B Visas. Not me. Here's part of the reason why: 
The wavering is beginning. Time to force a vote on FADA  
 Rick is a Rock Solid Leader!  Game On!!!   
TY for your family's service:“We are a military family of 10. We support you! Much love from ours to yours!”-Trina 
 Hope you all saw on  tonight. He did a masterful job addressing the flawed SCOTUS decision.
We are Americans. 
Celebrate Freedom.  
 did a great job on w/ defending Conservative policies  👍 
   Home run on  He's has my vote! 👍🏼🇺🇸 
 job on  Very thoughtful ; intelligent responses. Rick would be an excellent Prez.
 to  in 90 minutes to catch my interview w/   
Don't miss my interview on w/ tonight at 7pm EST.  
Heard from the campaign trail.  
Welcome back Cody Brown as Sr. Iowa Advisor.  He led our victorious 2012 Iowa campaign. Can't wait to see what next year holds! 
Thank you, Samantha! Why do YOU support our campaign?  
Religious liberty highlights from my speech on marriage at NOM gala. 
Feedback from the campaign trail. Thanks, Shelby Ann!  
Our rights are given by God, not by government. 
Heard from the campaign trail.  
 - Watch my interview from this morning - 
Home of the free, because of the brave!  
Celebrate Freedom with some truly American music. Listen to the  American Summer playlist on Spotify. 
I'll be on  this morning at 10:45 Eastern this morning - be sure to tune in! 
The Declaration of Independence, July 4th, 1776 
Happy Independence Day from Darcy and the Santorum family!  
BBQs? Burgers? Fireworks? How are you celebrating America's Independence today?  
 Awesome meeting today!     
See all the pictures from the Lexington Peach Festival in Gilbert,SC here    
Selfies in Gilbert,SC.   
Best flag shirt at the Lexington Peach Festival in Gilbert,SC.   
Celebrating our 239th Independence Day at the Lexington Peach Festival this morning.  
May God bless you, your family, and the United States of America! 
LIVE on  The best peach ice cream from the Peach Festival in Gilbert, SC  
Happy birthday America! May God bless you, your family, and the United States of America! 
Join Senator Santorum and Defend Traditional Marriage. 
The Battle of Gettysburg ended today in PA in 1863. 
Read my response to the recent  ruling on marriage:  
Happy 14th birthday to my youngest son, Patrick. We're so grateful for your joy and sense of humor. Love, Dad. 
 I wanna meet again 
 What an honor to hear at the National Organization for Marriage Gala tonight 
SCOTUS has trampled religious freedom ; hurt families. In my Administration, this will not stand. 
 The Original Patriots 
 to 1992 election night after I was re-elected to Congress serving the Pittsburgh suburbs. 
 Thanks for your continued support.
How are we losing our religious liberty? Order and watch the award winning documentary One Generation Away 
Check out where  stands on the issues 
Have you heard our official campaign song? Check out a preview here, and help us get the word out!   
Rick Santorum joined for their SC National Security Forum today 
Our event on June 25th in Glenwood, IA had a huge turnout of over 250 people. 
 The 6 most interesting quotes from visit to    😍🇺🇸😍🇺🇸 
  on has an outstanding base still in  over 300 people came to a fundraiser last week
Standing Room only in Sun City Bluffton, SC today. Learn about our upcoming events here:  
LIVE on right now - tune in here: 
LIVE on  Meet the ice cream man Jack Frost 
 " has the best message."  "The man says what he believes" 
Heard on the trail. 
 ; I are on w James ; Betty Robison talking about Bella's Gift.  Watch at 
 Support Rick Santorum by making your Guardian program contribution now.  via
 Matthew 5:10
 if you agree we must protect our freedom of religion  
Looking forward to joining Sunday morning at 7:15am ET. Be sure to tune in as we talk about the presidential race! 
Click here and join me in our fight to protect our religious liberty  
 if you agree that 5 unelected judges cannot change the 5,000 year old foundation of society   
 if you believe marriage is the union of one man and one woman.  
Religious liberty must be protected. Join me and fight for marriage!  
5 judges cannot change 5,000 years of history. Join me and fight for marriage  
The Court has ruled but now the People must speak. Join me ; fight for marriage  
The Court is 1 of 3 coequal branches of government ; they have an imperfect record. Stakes are too high to cede marriage to unelected judges
Today, 5 unelected judges redefined the foundational unit of society. Now it is the people's turn to speak 
 Over 300 Iowa conservatives come out in support of tonight in Glenwood in SW Iowa.  Game on! 
 Big crowd for in Glenwood tonight 300+ 
Great to be back in southwest Iowa!  Looking forward to more trips like tonight in Glenwood!  Game on!  
Great night in Glenwood, Iowa!  Over 300 Iowa conservatives ready to help take back America!   
Looking forward to joining on tonight at 6pm ET to talk about repealing and replacing  
 Republican presidential candidate joins me live today in to discuss  Obamacare decision ;…
 if you agree we need to elect a conservative President in  so we can repeal and replace  
Looking forward to joining today at 4pm to discuss the  ruling and how we plan to repeal and replace it! 
Glad to see the House GOP make the right decision and reinstate my friend to his chairmanship.
Today's Supreme Court ruling is another reminder that if we want to get rid of  we must elect a conservative President 
Together, we can restore the American Dream for hardworking families.-RJS   
You can be a team leader and host your own event! Find out how here:  
 Rick Santorum returns to campaign in SC on Tuesday for re-scheduled national security forum at The Citadel.12:30 p.m., Bond H…
Check out where Rick stands on the issues   
Looking forward to joining my friend this morning at 9:35am ET. Tune in! 
 won't succeed unless we strengthen the 1st  the  family.-RJS  
Tune in to this morning to catch my interview on this morning at 10:00AM Eastern
 stood up for his district ; it cost him his House leadership role. Leaders lead. Proud to know you ; stand with you, Mark.
Our brave Marines/Sailors deserve the best. Leadership matters. 
Intense. Driven. Smart. Loving.   
Happy  Read my Father's Day letter to my children.  
 Founding fathers, many of whom spent time in colonial Charleston, drew strength from their faith.
 - watch my interview w/ live from Charleston.  
This morning I was so touched to worship with the family of Emanuel AME in Charleston.  
I will be joining today from Charleston, SC. Talking about this week's tragedy and the 2016 race. Hope you can tune in.
Celebrate     
 LIVE now on C-SPAN2: speaks at conference  
 Do you have your ticket yet for tomorrow's breakfast with  
Karen and I extend our deepest sympathies and prayers to the victims of the despicable horror in Charleston. -RJS 
 Listen to talk w/ right now. 
Looking forward to joining in a few minutes on 1210 WHPT in Philadelphia.
Meet the newest member of our family: Darcy – our new puppy! 
Our campaign is the only one to receive an "A" rating from    
Karen and I are so proud of Daniel on completing Air Force field training. Proud Citadel Air Force parents!  
|LIVE NOW| Made in America for our men and woman in the armed forces  
LIVE on  Next time you go camping thank these Veterans at MMI Outdoor  
Wishing you a happy Flag Day! 
Always great to join and the  team today on 
Live w/ on now - 
About to join on at 5:00EST,  here:  
Enjoyed joining today on to talk about our plan to defeat ISIS. 
Looking forward to joining at 2:15pm ET. Talking about our plan to defeat ISIS.
Excited to address over 500 strong conservatives in Chattanooga, TN tonight!  
Hear my plan on immigration live on - listen live here: 
Discussing economic policies that will help working American families - listen in now: 
Tune in to and listen to LIVE interview: 
Great town hall meeting w/ 150 strong at Southern Champion in Chattanooga this afternoon  
|LIVE NOW| Ever wonder how your food trays are made?   
LIVE on  Ever wonder where your food trays come from?   
Looking forward to joining my friend in just a few minutes!  Talking about our plan to help hardworking families!
Tune in to to hear my plan to help hardworking families live the American Dream again!
Join us this evening in Denison at Cronk's as we meet with the Crawford County Republican Party. 
  on We have to create opportunities for the Americans without college degrees. 
  on  The whole idea is to treat everyone fairly…we have to create growth 
Miss my interview with Tune in at 2 ; 6pm on to hear my plan for hardworking families! 
Tune in to tomorrow to hear my plan to fight for hardworking families! 
Looking forward to joining to talk about our campaign to help hardworking Americans. Join us at 
It's true what they say... everything is bigger in Texas!  What a welcome back to the Lone Star State! 
Looking forward to joining and today at 4:30pm ET. Tune to hear about our plan to help hardworking families!
Excited to join my friend this morning at 11:30am ET to talk about our plan to fight for hardworking families
Our campaign is the only one to receive an "A" grade from  
Concerned about immigration? Ours is the only  campaign to receive "A" rating from 
Excited to have support of in 2016!  - pledge your support here:  
We are the only campaign for President to receive an "A" rating from the pro-worker immigration organization
Happy 25th wedding anniversary to my amazing bride You make me a better man everyday! 
Excited to have Congressman  join our team today!  You can too by visiting 
 Congressman endorses for President!
Proud to receive the endorsement of Congressman this morning. Lou is a strong leader who has always fought for workers! 
 thank you again!
 thank you!
Joining and the "Medheads" momentarily for 40 minutes!  Tune in to hear our plan to fight for hardworking families!
Looking forward to joining and to talk about our plan to help hardworking families! 
Looking forward to joining tonight at 7pm ET on  Tune in to hear about our plan to take back America! 
Looking forward to joining today at 1pm ET on FOX News radio. Tune in and join our team at 
 tonight OTR at 7p Fox News: 3 Pres contenders:
Looking forward to joining at 10:30am ET on Fox News Radio to talk about our plan to end big government and big money's influence
Looking forward to joining on KSKY in Dallas at 10:05am ET to talk about our plan to take back America! 
 makes his recommendation for debates. 
I will be joining my friend in Philly at 9am to talk about our plan to take back America!  Join us at 
Can't wait to join my friend Rose Tennent on AM1250 in Pittsburgh at 8:30 to talk about our blue collar conservative message!
About to join in Detroit to talk about our plans to revive American manufacturing!  Join us at 
Looking forward to joining in just a few minutes to talk about our plan to take back America!
 Presidential candidate Rick Santorum made his 6th visit to the Ham House just in time for Sunday lunch. 
 Listen to   on my show. Starts at 9 min.   
Fielding some tough questions from this little voter today in Travelers Rest, SC!    
If you missed this morning, watch here:      
Always enjoy visiting Tommy's Ham House in Greenville, SC!   
I'm deeply sadden to hear of the passing of Elder Tom Perry. He provided such great moral leadership for America. 
Tune in to in New York to hear me talk with my friend today about our plan to take back America!
Our prayers and deepest sympathy to the Biden Family.
Honored to receive the key to the city of Kings Mountain, NC tonight! 
Another great outpouring of support tonight in Kings Mountain, NC. Join me and let's take back America! 
LIVE on  Tossing some pizza  
|LIVE NOW| Tossing Pizza  
|LIVE NOW| Just a little north of South Carolina...   
 This Sunday, a special  episode of   ;  
I will be joining and tomorrow morning. Tune in to hear me talk about our plan to take back America! 
What a great crowd this afternoon in SC!  Filling the balconies!  You too can join our team at  
LIVE on  Beautiful day in South Carolina, taking questions from the people of Lancaster.  
|LIVE NOW| Meeting with the people AND the press in Fort Mill, SC  
Huge crowd at our first event in South Carolina today at the Southeastern Institute of Manufacturing ; Technology! 
LIVE on  Made in America in Florence, SC  
|LIVE NOW| Made in America in Florence, SC   
|LIVE NOW| Made in America in Florence, SC   
|LIVE NOW| Made in America in Florence, SC  
|LIVE NOW| Made in America in Florence,SC  
I'll be joining today at 4:30pm ET to talk about our plan to confront and defeat ISIS!  Join the fight at 
Great economic roundtable discussion this morning in Council Bluffs with not just business owners, but employees too! 
|LIVE NOW| Business round table in Council Bluffs, Iowa  
|LIVE NOW| Business round table in Council Bluffs, Iowa   
Joining CNN New Day at 8:05am ET. Be sure to tune in to hear about our plan to take back America. Help us at 
About to join my friend and the Morning Joe team to talk about our plan to take back America!  Join us at 
Tune in at 8:30pm ET as I join The Great One to talk about our plan to take back America for hardworking families! 
Joining the at 8pm ET to talk about our plan to take back America!  Go to  to learn how you can help!
Looking forward to joining tonight on at 9:30pm ET live from Des Moines. Be sure to tune in!  
Always good to enjoy a milkshake from Whitey's in Davenport, Iowa! 
|LIVE NOW| Starting the campaign with my first stop in Davenport, Iowa  
It's great to be back in Iowa and it's great to be at the Original Machine Shed in Davenport!   
LIVE on  My first event of 2016 is in Davenport, Iowa 
Looking forward to joining my friend tonight on his radio show at 5pm ET. Join us at 
 Yesterday was on fire.  "He has the BEST economic msg" said today.  Scarborough is right.
Check out my op-ed in this morning's Join me in my fight for hard working families! 
Looking forward to joining at 7:45am today to talk about our plan to take back America! Join us at 
Tune in to Good Morning America this morning at 7am for my interview with where I talk about how we'll take back America!
I will be joining my friend in just a few minutes on  Tune in to see how together we can take back America!
Our movement is only as strong as our volunteers - get involved today!  
Join us in restoring the American dream for hard working Americans  
Help me put a stake in the heart of Common Core!  Join me at 
Their priority is profit and power, my priority is you!  
Day 1 we will work to bring back America and put Americans back to work. Join me at 
Step 1 in taking back America: Let's scrap the corrupt tax code!  
Today I announce my candidacy for President of the United States!  Join me at  and let's take back America!
 WATCH LIVE: set to make 2016 presidential announcement. 
Watch my special announcement LIVE Wednesday 5pmET at 
