 Today marks 26 years since our namesake Brady Bill went into effect on Feb. 28, 1994. To date, Brady Background Checks have…
The stated mission of the Dep’t of Interior is to protect and manage the Nation's natural resources and cultural heritage. This decision — and the accompanying statement — sickens me.
 and you can tell it’s me by the tie. 
We need to have a frank conversation about race in this country. Every single policy area — education, criminal justice, housing — has a gigantic subtext of race.  I’m running to fight for economic justice, racial justice, and to save our climate.
The Democratic Party in Washington, D.C. wants to anoint the next person from Washington, D.C. I want to talk to the people of the United States and see who they want to be their president. 
 Live on Steyer speaks ahead of the South Carolina primary 
Trump is desecrating the sacred land of the first peoples to stop future immigrants from getting in. Our nation’s long history of cruelty to Native Americans continues under this feckless President. 
We should fund real coronavirus protection without harming our most vulnerable. Take it out of the wall budget, not substance abuse programs.
The Coronavirus is your Hurricane Katrina — and yet here you are.You are failing in front of the whole world.Go do your damn job. 
The lack of affordable health care in this country can worsen a coronavirus pandemic. People avoid getting diagnosed and treated because of costs. The President's health care "plan" can make this situation even worse.
I stand with the 4000 commercial janitors of They deserve fair wages, paid sick days, and training programs that will help us address the climate crisis. We can save the world, do it together — and ensure that workers can earn a living wage.   
I always say policy follows narrative. It's easy to separate migrant children from their families when their parents are labeled as rapists and drug dealers. Now, Trump's inhumane immigration policy is called what it rightfully is: torture.
Happy Dominican Independence Day! The Dominican community here in the United States has made lasting contributions to our economy, culture, and our country. I proudly celebrate today with my Dominican neighbors and friends! Arriba la democracia!
It’s hard to trust a liar. And now is when we need to trust information from the government more than ever. 
As president, I will not only reverse Donald Trump’s policies that target religious minorities, I will also work with our international allies to pressure India to improve its treatment of Muslims. (2/2)
Whether it is Donald Trump’s travel ban or Prime Minister Modi stoking violence against Muslims, we must stand against Islamophobia in all its forms. (1/2)
Kat and I have always tried to teach our kids what our parents taught us — stand up for what you believe in and always do what is right. I’m proud to have raised four exceptional adults. 
Trump’s ineptitude has put all of us at risk. I believe in science. 
I’m still going to steal that jacket. 
I stand with South Carolina farmers and will end Donald Trump’s failed trade war.
 Joined other supporters at his LA headquarters for tonight’s debate. Tom represented on the debate stage! 
Unbelievable. This administration thinks only the rich deserve a coronavirus vaccine.They'd rather protect corporate profits over the American people.
My heart goes out to the families suffering tonight in Milwaukee. We need to prioritize lives over the NRA. 
Tonight in Myrtle Beach has been nothing short of special — our campaign is really gaining steam ahead of the South Carolina primary on Saturday. 
This is not right. It’s racist. And it shows you exactly who is in charge at the NRCC.
American democracy is at risk this November. We have one shot.  
Trump is running budget deficits like a drunken casino owner, but he cut money to protect against global pandemics.  I wonder how well the wall will keep out coronavirus? 
It's easy to lose sight, in all the noise, of all the little ways in which Trump's administration is instituting cruelty and racism at all levels of our society. 
“Imagine all the people living life in peace?”Not while the NRA has a stranglehold on our government. 
Every day, I write a cross on my hand to remind myself to tell the truth and do what's right, no matter what.  
 "Every day I write a cross on my hand" says at  Learn more about why he does this: 
  calls for reparations for slavery and a formal commission on race that will “retell” the story of “systematic, leg…
  has pledged to end giveaways to the fossil fuel industry and put people on the frontlines of environmental i…
Our democracy is under attack. Where is our Commander-in-Chief? 
The biggest threat to America right now in terms of the safety of our citizens is the climate crisis and it’s time for us to deal with it.  
It's not right that the moment I brought up reparations the moderator moved on. This is a conversation our country needs to have. 
Every policy area touches on race. I started a bank to correct injustice in financial services, and help to make loans to Black-owned, Latino-owned and women-owned businesses. But if we are going to correct historic economic injustice, we must support reparations for slavery. 
Everyone in America knows we have too much gun violence. And it’s because the gun manufacturers own the Senate. That’s why I support term limits—to keep Congress out of the pockets of corporations.  
 We need to tell the truth and organize. That's how we win in 2020. -  
The Vice President was the architect of the 1994 crime bill — which needlessly put countless black people in prison and caused hardship to so many families. 
If we're stuck between a Republican, Mayor Bloomberg, or a Democratic Socialist, Bernie Sanders, we won't be able to unite the party, and we will lose to Donald Trump. I'm a progressive Democrat, I've proven I can build a diverse coalition we need to win.  
 But your solutions are wrong. 
I don’t believe that a government takeover of large parts of the economy makes any sense for working families. We need to present an alternative to Donald Trump that includes a vibrant, competitive private sector.  
I stand with To create a society where everyone has a fair chance at success, we must protect the right to vote, lower the costs of healthcare, support HBCUs, promote gender equality, and end racial profiling. 
For a full year, Mitch McConnell has refused to take up  which would help curb gun violence. Tens of thousands were killed and wounded while he did nothing. — the blood is on your hands. Stop sitting on them and 
Now that China is not objecting to the G20 describing climate change as a financial risk, it's finally a global consensus. Oh wait, except for us. 
The average male breadwinner needs 53 weeks of wages to cover his family's basic expenses. The average female  needs 66 weeks. Republicans who think this economy is strong — and fair to women — must have forgotten how many weeks there are in a year. 
When Antarctica is melting at the clip of an inch a day during its heat wave, do you still think you have room to say this isn’t a climate emergency?
Visiting the stage ahead of tonight’s debate in Charleston, South Carolina. Tune in tonight 8 p.m. ET / 5 p.m. PT 
Civil servants work for our country, not one man. The fact that so many people ignore this shows how fragile our democracy is. 
California is having its driest February in 150 years. For those who argue that climate change is not a kitchen table issue, ask Californians who have had  their homes and businesses destroyed by wildfires, if they care.
Trump has a "government full of temps" because he knows the vast majority of his picks can’t get through Senate vetting, even though it's required by the Constitution. Americans deserve so much better than this crook and his cronies.
Will I support cash reparations to descendants of slaves?If the commission recommends it — absolutely. 
The reason we have gun violence in this country is because gun manufacturers don't want us to solve gun violence. 
To get climate right, let’s start with listening to communities of color. Climate is a science issue. Climate is a human issue. Climate is a racial issue. Where people can’t breathe, can't drink the water, are Black and brown communities. 
We can all see that the criminal justice system in America is racist. Black people get longer sentences for the same crime. I fought to end cash bail and mandatory minimums in California. 
Where’s the Commander-in-Chief when the country’s under attack by Russia? 
Instead, we need to end the corporate takeover of our government, make sure the people write the rules and not the wealthy and big corporations, and unlock the innovation and competition of the American economy. (2/2)
Senator Sanders has identified the problem with our economy, but his solutions are wrong. Unchecked capitalism has failed, but the answer is not a forced government takeover of a large section of the American economy. (1/2)
CA's law is designed to make sure that victims and witnesses can access criminal justice without fear of reprisal. Actions like this are designed to victimize the least powerful among us. These are the actions of a President who is a lawless bully. 
I’ll be attending a CNN town hall tonight at 11 p.m. ET / 8 p.m. PT. Tune in and tell your friends.
Fund schools for kids of soldiers, or build an ineffective technology to combat migration that was outdated 1,500 years ago? For this President, it's literally a no-brainer.
The future of our planet is at stake in this election. If we don’t take immediate action, the national security threat will be “catastrophic, and likely irreversible.” Let’s save the world, and do it together.
The Trump administration REFUSES to say how many tax dollars have been spent at properties that Trump owns. What are they trying to hide?
Today we honor Katherine Johnson, a pioneering scientist who was part of a group of Black women mathematicians that broke barriers at NASA and inspired the movie "Hidden Figures." Her work allowed all Americans to chase their dreams. May she rest in peace
Retired Marine General John Allen has a dire warning for us: rising white supremacist violence is domestic terrorism.
“It’s never too late to do the right thing.” Well said.
The budget for this newspaper is a pittance in the scheme of things. This President's war on the free press continues.  
Farmers don’t want a handout. They want to earn an honest living, but Trump’s narcissistic trade war won’t let them.
We cannot tackle the most urgent issue facing the world if leaders of the other party continue to deny the problem exists.
As usual, Trump's plan to make America great helps corporations and targets workers. 
Proud of everything we accomplished in Nevada. We're only gaining strength as the electorate gets more diverse and more representative of the country. 
Legal advice is crucial for immigrants and refugees, which is why I invested to help recruit 7,100 volunteer professionals join the fight for immigrant rights. Together, we helped 1,600 immigrants get a lawyer and more than 1,100  applicants reapply. 
This about all of us — it’s about coming together to take back our government, see real change happen, and build prosperity and ensure justice for every American. Stand up with me to fight by standing in my corner. Doors: 10:00 a.m. In line by: noon. 
Whether you're a union member, construction worker, gas station attendant, restaurant worker, or a non-union worker — as long as you're working a shift tomorrow, you can participate in the NV Strip Caucus at your assigned location on the Strip.
For too long, workers have suffered under Republican policies designed to confine the majority of this country’s wealth to only the richest pockets. Workers need a seat at the table as we reimagine a prosperous, healthy America together. 
Have questions about where and how to caucus? Text NEVADA to 46866 and we’ll help guide you through the process.
I always say that unions are my first, best, and last partner to ensure everyone has a living wage. Si se puede! 
We need to build a people-powered economy, fueled by strong unions, fair wages, and worker benefits. Stand up with me to fight for that tomorrow by standing in my corner. Doors open tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. You must be in line by noon to participate.
Trump's EPA is poisoning your drinking water to benefit Trump's cronies.
Even Trump’s top economist knows that the president’s trade war hurt the economy. 
When the Trump administration started targeting immigrants, we fought back. We launched a program to help 1,600 immigrants and refugees get a lawyer, more than 1,100 DACA applicants process renewal applications. 
Proud to have participated in  where we had the opportunity to talk about dismantling racism within ICE, ending private detention centers, and ensuring asylum seekers are granted protection under the law. 
The gross neglect of  has to stop. That’s why I’m proud to endorse the proposal to restore PR’s economy, address its debt crisis, eliminate poverty, and advocate for an exemption to the  
Climate change is not a future problem. It is a problem right now.
I should pay more in Social Security taxes. The rich should pay their fair share.
Roger Stone tried to establish a backchannel with Wikileaks because the Trump campaign wanted him to. He lied about it to protect the president, got caught, and sentenced to jail. Pardoning Stone would be straightforward corruption.
Donald Trump is WILLING to cover up the truth that Russia is attempting to secure his reelection — because Donald Trump WANTS to win at any cost, even if it means working with our enemies.
Happy to be sitting down with Dr. Benjamin F. Chavis Jr. for Fireside Chat to discuss issues pertinent to Black Americans. You can watch it live here: 
I’m grateful for support. Happy to have you part of the team! 
Health care is a right. I support workers having the ability to keep their hard-won benefits. 
“Every record has been destroyed or falsified, every book rewritten, every picture has been repainted ... every date has been altered. And the process is continuing day by day and minute by minute. History has stopped." - Orwell, 1984
Under this President, there are two sets of rules - one for the President's cronies and another for the rest of us. 
Poll taxes are wrong. I am happy to see a federal court struck down Republican efforts to disenfranchise voters.
Massive student loan debt is preventing young people (and even their parents) from living the life that they want. When I'm president, borrowers will have protections against abusive practices—a borrower's bill of rights.
One lesson from tonight — looks like Mike Bloomberg might be running in the wrong primary.
Miss you being up there too, not going to beat Donald Trump by running the same conventional playbook. It's going to take an outsider.We have better options.   
I was proud to have passed a constitutional ballot measure in Nevada that raised the state’s energy portfolio to 50 percent renewables by 2030.I'm the ONLY candidate who will make tackling the climate crisis my top priority. 
Miss me yet? See you in South Carolina. 
I've released over 3,200 pages of tax returns. Mayor Bloomberg — I can show you how it is done.
 long supported Stop-and-Frisk. His answer tonight was insincere and not enough.
Better for the environment and cost-competitive. Green technology can spark our economy.
This president thinks the way to negotiate is to treat your counterparty with contempt. I’ve built a business and know that even when you’re competing, relationships matter. Trump’s negotiating style has put us all at risk.
Then, it eliminated this very provision to help Mike Bloomberg to reach the debate stage — someone who used his police force to target Black and brown communities. And now it effectively silences and disenfranchises voters of color by not polling in NV and SC. (2/2)
The made a tremendous mistake in managing the debate qualification process. Requiring candidates to collect an arbitrary amount of contributors forced candidates of color from the race. (1/2)
 According to the courts are political. We need a plan to rebalance them.   
Even some Republicans agree - Trump’s war on poor people is cruel. 
 supported Stop-and-Frisk and said ending redlining caused the financial crisis. Those policies were racist.  I started a non-profit bank to help people in underserved communities get housing and start businesses. We need a president for ALL of America. 
I will always fight for workers. Proud of the work is doing to demand fair wages and contracts in Las Vegas. 
 is right: CA is in a housing crisis. It wasn’t created overnight and won’t be solved overnight, but under my administration, the federal government will step up with resources and urgency to ensure that every American has access to affordable housing 
We must stop prioritizing the needs of oil and coal companies over our own citizens who are being devastated by the effects of climate change. 
It’s Toni Morrison’s birthday. She was the first African-American woman to win the Nobel Prize in Literature. As the “greatest chronicler of the American experience that we have ever known,” she inspired generations. I encourage everyone to read her to know our nation better.
A budget is always a statement of a person's values. Mr. Trump proposes to cut $1 trillion from health care and hollow out other programs that benefit American workers. It tells you everything you need to know about Trump's economy.
Let’s be clear about what this is - waiving federal procurement laws is a way for our crooked President to steer work to his cronies under the cover of darkness. 
This is why I want to DOUBLE funding for pre-K through 12th grade. Education is the best investment we can make as a country.
Stop-and-Frisk was a racist policy that attacked young Black and brown men — and sent them to jail. support and defense of it up until he announced his candidacy is inexcusable. We deserve better.
 🚨 Today is the LAST DAY for early voting in Nevada! 🚨It's easy to get out and vote in-person at a site near you. |
The National Right to Work Committee sent me this questionnaire asking me anti-labor union questions. You know what 'Right to Work' means? It really means the Right to Be Exploited.   
Proof that you can fight climate change and still run a profitable business. 
Regardless of your politics, you should listen to this longtime public servant. We should all agree that America needs to speak with moral clarity.
EVERYONE should understand what is at stake in November's election and how Mr. Trump cannot win another term. He has corrupted our values. He’s making a mockery of what it means to be an American. Our job is to vote him out!
This was designed to intimidate and suppress the vote. The Confederate flag is a symbol of treason and racism.
I support paid family leave. New parents shouldn’t have to choose between the health and welfare of their child, and keeping their jobs.
Great to be in Greenville, SC talking to voters about issues like health care, racial justice, and the climate crisis. 
"The Trump administration has offered oil companies a chunk of the American west and the Gulf of Mexico that’s four times the size of California – an expansive drilling plan that threatens to...undermine global climate policy."
Just 12 days away from the SC primary and we’re getting a warm welcome in the Palmetto State. 
Education is the cornerstone of a just, democratic, and prosperous society. The fact that Mr. Trump wants to cut it by 8% is shameful.
We can all agree on term limits when it comes to you, 
 Full house for in Spartanburg at USC Upstate. Looks like the  isn't slowing down anytime soon. 
 Hey  Come talk climate tonight with and from the campaign. Hear why Tom has the…
The Democratic Party cannot have a candidate that does not embrace the wealth tax. We must admit to the dangerous, unjust, and undemocratic inequality in this society. 
 ‘Mr. Trump has a problem with non-white people coming to the U.S.’ — 2020 presidential candidate is calling out…
Corporations and government policies have concentrated air and water pollution in black and brown communities. We have to start there to make sure we address injustice. 
Taking away rights from Dreamers is just wrong. We need to fix our immigration system so it treats people like full human beings. 
The climate crisis is not an American problem — it’s a global problem. And if we are going to solve it, we have to go back to being the moral leader in the world. We have to undo basically everything Mr. Trump has done. 
We're going to rebuild the United States of America by putting those who have been cut out at the front of the line. If you don't think that's fair, look at the history of this country. 
Change doesn't happen from sitting on your couch. It only happens when you participate. This is how we change the country forever.Save the world, do it together! 
Mr. Trump is running on a Mar-a-Lago economy — giveaways to corporations and rich people at the top.  Providing workers a living wage and investing in education and health care is how we build real and lasting prosperity for all. 
We can end gun violence. As president, I will implement long-overdue gun safety reforms. 
I'm committed to creating a sustainable future for all Americans. 
Mr. Trump and the lackeys in his administration doing his dirty work don't have a problem with immigration. They have a problem with the immigration of non-white people.  As president, I will reform our immigration system in a comprehensive and humane fashion.
I will ALWAYS stand on the side of workers and organized labor. We must take back the government from the corporations that bought it. 
Too many Americans laid down their lives to preserve a government of, by, and for the people. Mr. Trump, you are not a king. 
Happy to attend an Alpha Kappa Alpha celebration. 112 years of service to all mankind. 

 IMPOANT: Early voting starts TODAY! You must SELECT AT LEAST 3 OPTIONS when you vote early, for your vote to count. If yo…
Every American has a right to clean air and clean water. Nobody should get to poison you so they can save money.
 Out here in Rural Nevada talking about listening to Nevadans, and riding the bus with and
It truly has been a pleasure to travel throughout Nevada and meet the people who live here. Just seven days until the caucuses! 
Systemic racism — sanctioned by our government — has forced a disproportionate amount of African Americans into poverty, incarceration, homelessness, and more. Our refusal to acknowledge this bars us from bringing about substantive social change. Let’s end this now.
I can tell you what isn’t a priority in Trump’s Pentagon: our service members it’s time you get your priorities straight and put our brave men and women in uniform over your monument to racism.
Trump wants an 8% cut in federal spending on education. I want to DOUBLE the current level of federal spending on K-12. For far too long and continuing with Trump, we have underinvested in our children and legislated inequities in the system. No more.
Data doesn’t lie. If the climate isn't our number one priority, the climate crisis will not get addressed. 
Please do, so we can break the NRA's control over our government and end gun violence. 
Two years ago today, 17 people were tragically taken from us in a mass shooting that devastated Parkland, Florida. Let's honor them by making sure that it never happens again. 
Donald Trump is militarizing his deportation force. A Commander-in-Chief should never turn armed forces against its own people. Retweet if you agree.
Happy Friday to my five favorite valentines — Kat, Henry, and Gus. 
 2020 candidate the 'outsider taking on Trump,' talks military spending, clean energy, and the most urgent inte…
Have you ever taken your family camping to go see an oil well? The Democratic House is working to save our National Parks.
Let me be clear: I am against mandatory minimums and automatic sentencing. They are harsh, unnecessary, and immoral — and they cost taxpayers a lot of money.
Betsy DeVos manages to hurt student borrowers and K-12 students with every decision she makes. Successful economies invest in educating the future, not stifling their progress.
Thanks for having me on It was a pleasure talking with you about our campaign's ability to build a diverse coalition in Nevada and South Carolina, which will be critical to beating Donald Trump in November. 
It’s the economy, stupid — and Mr. Trump’s is terrible.
Mr. Trump knows he needs to cheat to win — always has, always will.
Feeling the energy and excitement. Something is happening in South Carolina! 
 is an important advocate on behalf of working people. I will continue to stand by its efforts for better wages and benefits. All workers have the right to be treated with dignity on the job.
There is no line Mr. Trump will not cross.
Amazon pays no federal taxes, is run by the richest man in the United States, but refuses to take care of its workers. Every employee is entitled to safe working conditions. and — do better. 
This campaign is not just about me and that’s why I've built a diverse campaign team. Here are the People of the Movement helping to create the new vision we'd like to see in America. 
Big banks have been turning immense profits at the expense of ordinary Americans for too long.My wife and I started our own community bank so more people could get affordable housing, start a business, and pursue their dreams.
Let me be clear, “redlining” is racist and discriminatory.
I would also offer student loan forgiveness for those who choose to go into a public service profession, including teachers and emergency first responders. 
I would allow students to refinance their loans and would offer two years of free community college for anyone that wants to attend. 
Access to education should be a fundamental American right — and that includes access to affordable, high-quality college. 
Young people can’t start a family, a business or buy a home with student debt crushing them. We must help lessen the burden of this debt by allowing these individuals to refinance their student loans at a lower and more affordable rate.  
You can read more about my plan to end gun violence here:
But let’s be honest, this isn’t a conversation about the Second Amendment — it’s a conversation about corruption and cowardice. The NRA owns the Republican Party — they've got blood on their hands. If Congress won’t act, I will through executive action. 
Those convicted of domestic violence should not be allowed to have a gun — and that means everyone convicted: we must close the boyfriend loophole. 
Along with the implementation of extreme risk laws, we must be cognizant that AAPIs who wrongly end up on the terrorist watchlist and no-fly lists are not wrongly scapegoated for the scourge of gun violence epidemic. 
It is also important to recognize that  communities face increasing rates of violence from hate crimes. 
I would close loopholes and institute a gun licensing program. Gun manufacturers should not be immune from civil liability, and we have a federal database to track gun sales. 
I stand with students, parents, educators, law enforcement, who recognize the urgent need to institute sensible gun safety. I support establishing universal background checks, banning large-capacity magazines and assault weapons, and enacting red flag laws. 
It is time to tell the truth about guns in America. Gun violence is a public health epidemic that claims far too many lives each year. Our nation grieves the loss of fellow Americans on a regular basis.  
You can read more about my immigration plan here: 
It’s urgent that we also pass the Adoptee Citizenship Act — ensuring that nearly 35,000 adoptees are protected from threats of deportations. 
I will cut the visa backlog for families waiting to reunite, increase the transparency and fairness of the adjudication process, help universities retain and recruit the best and brightest throughout the world, and treat refugees with compassion. 
I want to provide a path to citizenship for immigrants, end the family separation, and extreme detention. 
I have a detailed plan to make our immigration system more human and fair, where you can read more about the details, but the bottom line is that I believe that families belong together. 
I also believe that the cornerstone of our immigration system should be family reunification. 
Unlike Mr. Trump, I believe that immigrants come to the United States in search of a better life, and they have made invaluable contributions to our economy, culture, and communities. 
As we speak, the Trump administration is working on a proposal to deport thousands of Hmong and Lao Americans who had arrived as refugees. 
From the Muslim ban to the repeal of DACA, the increased ICE raids, locking children in cages, and promising to “end chain migration,” the Trump administration has launched a coordinated attack on immigrants.  
Together, we can end the racial bias that too many experience today. 
Just as my climate justice plan is rooted in community-led solutions, I will ensure that the federal government takes its cues from the grassroots and on the ground needs, including in the many diverse AAPI communities across America. 
I’ll ensure that every program is staffed by community outreach liaisons with both the cultural competency and language skills to ensure that every community has direct access to program design and implementation. 
I’ll ensure that government programs like Medicare, Medicaid, SNAP, and other social services have materials translated into various languages. 
Lacking fluency in English should never be a barrier to receiving vital services like healthcare, education, or supplementary nutrition.  
I would support the Census Bureau in ensuring that AAPI data is disaggregated in its acquisition, analysis, and distribution. 
For example, poverty rates for Bangladeshi, Burmese, Cambodian, Hmong, Nepalese, NHPIs, and other communities are double — or more — than those of other national origins. Additionally, other segments of the AAPI community — like Korean Americans — are more likely to be uninsured.
AAPIs are not a monolith, and by disaggregating data, we would be able to identify the different issues that affect certain communities disproportionately, from income inequality to health care. Data disaggregation also would improve culturally competent outreach. 
Unfortunately, the current administration has weaponized our Census program as a way to target vulnerable communities. 
If the federal government is going to make decisions that affect the health, safety, and economic security of millions of families, it better know who those families are.  
I’m committed to ensuring that not only does the NHPI community have a seat at the table, but will have a voice in the government. 
Any policy decision should reflect the voices and input of all stakeholders. Unfortunately, our country has not only left native people out of the conversation but has a long troubled history of imposing harsh and harmful policies.  
As one of the fastest-growing populations in our country, AAPIs have, are, and will continue to be an integral part of our country — and our government must reflect that. 
I will also be looking to members of the AAPI community to play leadership roles in my administration. 
The government’s job is to serve the people — all the people. I’m committed to active outreach and engagement with AAPI communities for policy advice and feedback on how to improve our lives. 
People make policy. If our government is going to be of, by, and for the American people, it must reflect the diversity and plurality of the American people — at all levels of government. 
I am also proud that about half of my campaign directors are people of color, and over half of my campaign staff are women. 
I am proud of the fact that the staff of a non-profit that I founded, NextGen America, come from a mosaic of backgrounds. 
Differences in perspectives lead to stronger organizations that can more quickly identify problems, more effectively implement solutions, and ultimately improve outcomes. Diversity in the workplace is not just more just, it’s more effective. 
I’m a believer in promoting diversity in the workplace. If you look at the business that I started, three of my four first partners were women.  
I’m participating in the  Twitter Town Hall at 2PM ET / 11 AM PT. Please tune-in, and join us by using  Thank you ; for hosting this forum. 
Bernie and I both want the same thing — affordable health care for every person. My plan does just that while protecting union health plans. Bernie's refusal to tell us how he will pay for his plan adds unnecessary financial risk to achieving health care as a right for everyone.
Why did Mitch McConnell and the Senate Republicans block 3 election security bills yesterday? Because they are hoping to get help from their foreign friends? Democracy is dying right before our eyes.
This is no way to run a business and it is certainly no way to run a country.
This is why having a president who believes in science, matters.
More good news out of the Virginia legislature! Yesterday, the House of Delegates approved an assault weapons ban and passed a bill to phase out coal plants. This is why we organize. Elections have consequences. Major wins for
111 years ago today, was founded to fight discrimination and advance civil rights for African Americans. Since that time, it has been on the frontlines in the fight for social justice. Thank you, Happy  
Proud to have the support of She’s a passionate advocate and a champion for the underserved. Together, we WILL realize these 5 rights for every American: healthcare, clean air ; water, an equal vote, education, and a living wage.
Michael Bennet has been a leader for Colorado and has been a tireless advocate for kids and families. I know he will continue to fight for them.
Deval Patrick was a profoundly effective Governor of Massachusetts for two terms. He helped give more people access to health care, and took the climate crisis seriously. He will continue to be a powerful voice within the Democratic Party.
Despite what Mr. Trump says, brain injuries in our military are a real concern. When someone puts their life on the line, they deserve the best care we can give them.
The question in front of us today is: how are we going to beat Mr. Trump? 
Impeached President Trump (how did that work out?) spent 1.5 trillion dollars in tax breaks for corporations and the rich that did nothing for the economy. Could it be that something is just plain missing? Not easy to be this bad at your job. 
The NH results show the race for the Democratic nomination is wide open. The only way Democrats can win in November is to build a broad, diverse coalition — and expose Donald Trump as a fraud and failure on the economy. I can build that coalition, take him on, and win.
Andrew Yang brought a tremendous amount of needed enthusiasm and fresh ideas to the presidential race. There’s no doubt that Andrew will continue to have a positive impact on the country in the years to come.   
The GOP's sham trial has given Mr. Trump a license for corruption. The rule of law is at stake this November.
Capital punishment is wrong. Studies have shown no link between the death penalty and a decrease in murder rates, meaning it doesn’t work.
In a highly unusual move, the Justice Department is backing off its sentencing recommendation for Mr. Trump’s former campaign adviser, Roger J. Stone Jr., after Trump’s intervened. There is no justice unless there is justice for all.
Mr. Trump wants to kill the program that provides student loan debt relief to teachers, firefighters, nurses, and first responders. This guy has no respect for working Americans. This is NOT how you run an economy.
 This is a dangerously disturbing world view. Dangerous for me, my two sons and millions more just like us. Most troubling…
Mike Bloomberg’s remarks in the video are extremely disturbing. The racist stereotypes he uses have no place today, and anyone running for the presidential nomination should disavow them.
TFW the President of the United States lacks a basic understanding of American history. 
I often get asked what I am — a moderate or a progressive. While there may be policy differences within the Dem Party, those only matters if we win — and we HAVE to win.  Let me be clear, I’m a PROGRESSIVE. I support a Green New Deal, reparations, and want to see term limits!
 TODAY is YOUR day, New Hampshire!The first-in-the-nation primary is happening all day across the Granite State.Check your po…
We’re NOT going to fix the climate crisis by trusting the market. We’re going to have to set the rules for corporate polluters and make them obey those laws.
The Mar-a-Lago economy might work well for Donald Trump’s pals, but it doesn’t work for MOST of the American people. 
Trump's economy is not a success if we have low unemployment but people can’t live on the jobs they have. It's not a success if we have a booming stock market but all the money goes to the rich.
We are in Rock Hill, SC speaking to voters about education, specifically my plan to double Title I funding and drastically increase teacher pay. 
Trump’s pattern of deception: minimize, lie, and then move on when the truth comes out. First, it was “no Americans were harmed,” then he dismissively called brain damage “headaches,” and now we learn that more than 100 service members have been injured.
 Ms. Edith Childs is “Steyered up and ready to go!” 
If the current minimum wage accounted for inflation and productivity gains, it would be $22 today. We can start by raising it to $15.
Police should not point guns at unarmed kids. This isn’t ok.
Trump had great success running against conventional politicians. We can't keep doing the same thing and expect different results. Trump will run on the economy. We need someone who can show that Trump has only helped himself and corporations, and left working families behind.
Why do people deny climate change? Because there are many who want to make billions of dollars and don’t care if it puts American families' lives at risk.
The door to economic prosperity has been locked for too many Americans for too long. It’s time we kick it in.
 Folks in Chester, South Carolina want to know how  plans on beating Trump. Tom’s response? “It is a fight. It…
We should raise taxes on the wealthiest Americans. If you're worth more than $32 million, you'll pay more, and you SHOULD pay more. 
The Republicans held a sham trial and refused to have witnesses. It is now up to us to beat him in November. 
My plan is to build on the Affordable Care Act and provide a public option to aggressively compete with private health insurers. We need to stand up for the American people and go after the businesses that keep health care costs high. 
 "I can take him down, ; I'm going to take him down," says, of President Donald Trump, as he wraps u…
America was built by immigrants and we wouldn't be where we are without them. Immigrants deserve a clear path to citizenship. 
In one of the richest countries in the world, more than 1.5 million children were homeless during the 2017-18 school year. If we as a country don’t fix this growing problem, what does that say about us?
 📍 Manchester, New Hampshire📸 A crowd of thousands last night rallies around message of unity, equality, and prosp…
It can’t be on people of color to denounce white supremacists. White people need to speak out too.
Is a crook? Absolutely, we knew that two years ago. Is he going to be more of a crook now that he believes he can get away with anything? Of course, he is. This is why we need to beat him in November. 
We need to restore and expand our public lands, wants to sell them off to the highest bidder.
Pushing out career diplomats in favor of political appointees erodes the credibility of our diplomatic corps. The best way to keep our troops safe is to deploy them as a last resort. We should always start with diplomacy; our troops deserve no less. 
 Coming up tomorrow 
The time for listening to the baloney out of Washington, D.C. is 100% over. Corporations own the government. And, we’re going to have to take it back. 
More lies and failure from this president.
This is not a time for marginal change. The next Democratic president isn’t going to be able to win over a GOP Senate with the strength of his or her personality.We’re going to have to organize and turn out voters, and KILL THE FILIBUSTER.
Let’s do this! 
EVERYONE deserves health care. And EVERY Democratic candidate on the debate stage has a better plan than Trump’s, which is to take away health care from millions of Americans. But it won’t matter if we don’t beat Trump in November. 
Station Casinos is famous for fighting against working people's rights. I support the right of its workers to unionize. They deserve better pay, benefits, and respect and dignity at work. Do the right thing and negotiate with
If you do something Trump doesn’t like, he will make you pay for it. That is not what democracy looks like.
Abortion is health care. Every woman has a right to make her own health care decisions. It was an absolute pleasure speaking at the  forum earlier today. 

 Big shoutout to for again raising the need for good, unions jobs that our communities need.   h…
A better America lives in our hearts and minds. Mr. Trump has no imagination. He has no vision. We can have a new American Dream where we all rise together. 

We have to stop making foreign policy decisions in the old way. Everyone wants access to our market. We can use that to convince them to get serious and take action on climate. 
I support reparations. Institutional racism, discrimination, injustice, and cruelty robbed generations of African-American families the ability to acquire economic wealth. We need to stop and repair the damage that's been done. 
  is shouting his support for reparations 
Anyone who thinks racism is just a thing of the past isn't dealing in our current reality. No one should be in jail for being poor. That's why I worked to end cash bail in CA. 
  is correct to note the absurdity that ninety minutes into the Democratic Debate, we haven’t talked about ra…
It’s about judgment, not tenure. How can we spend $700 billion on defense when we only spend $70 billion on education? 
 Steyer: U.S. foreign policy 'ignores the biggest problem that we face internationally in the world, which is climate chang…
 Thank you, for saying that climate change is one of the biggest security threats we face, and it can’t be solved…
It doesn’t matter anymore that Donald Trump is a crook and he is bad for the American people. We have to take him down on the economy and get him out of the White House as soon as possible. 
If we don’t beat on the economy, we won’t win.All the candidates are great, but candidates can’t sign laws, stop climate change, and end inequality.Only the next president can. 
  is on to something: More voters than not told us in a big open-end survey that economic issues were top of mind fo…
 "He's going to beat us unless we can take him down on the economy, stupid." on the Democratic Party's need to f…
  says dems are going to have to take down on the economy. He’s right about that. Gets major a…
There’s a real threat that Donald Trump can get re-elected. There’s one way to beat him—turnout. Turnout across the spectrum of Democratic voters, and that means moderates, progressives, and specifically the Black and Latino communities. 
Ready for the debate tonight! Love you, Kat. 
Mr. Trump is taking advantage of taxpayers and laughing all the way to the bank.
Policing marijuana use has led to too many unfair incarcerations and predominantly impacted communities of color. That’s why I support marijuana legalization.
There is no part of the criminal justice system that doesn’t have a huge racial bias to it. There’s something wrong with a society that incarcerates people at this level. 
 👀 Talks  Trump Plan For African Americans, Education,  ; Black Businesses On 
 Gearing up for  -- only CA candidate left in 2020 race -- calling for doubling education spending and…
Donald Trump is destroying a national monument to make way for his monument to racism.
I’m here at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire getting ready for the eighth Democratic debate hosted by ABC and WMUR. Tune in tonight at 8pm ET. 
If you look at what's going on right now, it’s clear we have to act on climate change.
Like the rest of us, many undocumented workers drive to and from work. New Yorkers decided it was safer to have trained, insured drivers on the roads. Now the Trump administration is vindictively targeting New Yorkers.
Micro-targeted fear-mongering, lies, and conspiracies. With the help of and other big tech companies, this is 2020 campaign plan. The stakes are too high. This is not a battle we can shrink from.
The conversation we should be having is how to beat Trump. We can’t keep trying the same thing and expecting different results, and we can’t risk a nominee who doesn’t have the experience to beat him on the economy.I know I can take on Mr. Trump and KICK HIS ASS on the economy. 
Jay is right. This is why we need a new global framework to recognize climate refugees and internally displaced people. 
Grateful for the opportunity to talk with voters in Keene, NH about the climate crisis, education, and health care. 
  “If you’re a Democrat or genuinely anyone who didn't realize before this week, that we can lose this — now ha…
 The education plan from lays out a plan to invest $100 billion over 10 years to upgrade school facilities for t…
Every student deserves a pathway to success, even if they do not go to college. We must expand apprenticeships and workforce credentials in high school to give every student the skills needed to thrive. 
School funding based on property tax is unequal and unjust. My education plan will equalize investment in public schools by tripling Title 1 funding to low-income students.
Every child deserves access to high-quality preschool regardless of their families’ wealth or race. My education plan will provide free, universal access to high-quality preschool for every family.
Too many educators need to work multiple jobs to make ends meet. That’s why my education plan gives teachers a pay raise by matching 2 to 1, every dollar states and school districts spend on pay raises. 
Education is the cornerstone of a just, democratic, and prosperous society. That’s why my education plan will double education spending and invest in the students who need it most.
 Presidential candidate spoke with  Local 633 members this morning at a UPS facility in Manchester, N.H.…
 Tom started his morning greeting workers and leadership in Manchester, New Hampshire. As he’s always said,…
The momentum we have going in Nevada is the template, and it’s how we win this thing TOGETHER. We go door to door, we register people, we engage, we organize on at grassroots, and we tell the truth about who we are. 
It’s do or die. There is no second choice — we have to save the world so we can hand it on to the next generation. 
 “I think we’ve got to start thinking about the United States of America again as a country where we succeed together,” says Tom St…
 Tom Steyer: "In America, we cannot have the kind of separation and racism and stigmatization that Mr. Trump indulges in, and every…
 Tom Steyer on the Senate's acquittal of Donald Trump: “What we’ve seen here is something shameful in American history. Tod…
I'll be joining for a town hall in a few minutes. Tune in.
Today would have been Trayvon Martin’s 25th birthday. Let’s celebrate his life. His murder pushed the nation to confront the injustices of racial profiling. Now and forever, Black Lives will always Matter. 
I was in Nevada yesterday with a simple message: the stakes are higher than ever. We MUST win. Hundreds of Nevadans from all backgrounds and from all over the state are here today because they know we can win this TOGETHER. 
Assemblymember Rob Bonta is a dedicated advocate for the AAPI community in the Bay Area. He has a successful track record of fighting for immigrants’ rights and criminal justice. I am proud to have his endorsement. 
They come to escape violence. Many have worked hard to make their countries better, and our government is sending them to their death. Hundreds of thousands of families could be torn apart in the coming yrs under Trump. Saving TPS and DACA saves lives.
The vote to acquit Mr. Trump is a lesson for those who think the will magically negotiate in good faith and “meet in the middle." There is no "middle." There's right and wrong. We all need to show up in 2020 if we're going to get the change we want.
Thank you for having the courage to put country over party.
Climate change is the most pressing issue of our time. Thank you  for setting up the  Tune in here to watch live: ​
Please, please, please, NOBODY share or  this story, it will make upset. 
José Padilla has been a strong advocate for the immigrant community in California. I am honored for his support and the opportunity to work together to protect and preserve the environment for all communities. 
We must treat the climate crisis with the urgency it demands. Wildfires are taking lives and destroying communities. Prolonged heat waves and extreme storms are putting the vulnerable at risk. We can't continue to deny science and roll back environmental protections. 
 And I will end the corporate stranglehold on Washington, D.C. and return our government to the people. 
 I will invest in a green economy that saves our planet and creates millions of well-paying, union jobs along the way. 
 As president, I will implement a wealth tax, cut the capital gains and dividends tax loopholes, and give 95% of Americans a 10% tax cut. 
 I grew my small investment firm into a multibillion-dollar business and am the best prepared Democrat to expose him as a fraud and failure on the economy. 
If we want to beat in November we need a candidate who can take him on where he thinks he is the strongest. 
In Trump's failed economy, income inequality in the U.S. has hit its highest level since the Census Bureau started tracking it more than five decades ago. 
In Trump's failed economy, 50% of Americans have maxed out credit cards. 
In Trump's failed economy, U.S. manufacturing is in a recession. 
In Trump's failed economy, one in five American children live in poverty. 
In Trump's failed economy, more than 5,800 stores closed in 2019. 
In Trump's failed economy, the manufacturing index is “shockingly weak”. 
In Trump's failed economy, wage growth is virtually non-existent. 
In Trump's failed economy, the percentage of Americans currently working or looking for a job is almost unchanged since he took office. 
In Trump's failed economy, Millennials are worse off than their parents. 
In Trump's failed economy, unemployment in Michigan and Wisconsin up from a year ago. 
In Trump's failed economy, millions are living paycheck to paycheck with little to no savings. 
In Trump's failed economy, Americans are not getting raises that they deserve. 
In Trump's failed economy, more than a half-million Americans experience homelessness each night. 
In Trump's failed economy, GDP growth has slowed. 
In Trump's failed economy, 40% of Americans are one emergency expense away from financial ruin. 
In Trump's failed economy, layoffs are on the uptick. 
In Trump's failed economy, midwest manufacturing activity has hit a 4-year low. 
In Trump's failed economy, the average American can’t afford an education, health care, and a house. 
He will tout low unemployment, while mothers and fathers across the nation have to work two to three jobs to make ends meet. 
The numbers he will tout tonight only tell a story of an economy that’s working for the wealthy, while most Americans’ wages have remained virtually flat for 30 years. 
Donald Trump likes to pretend that the economy is in great shape. But here’s the thing, it’s not. 
Nearly 700 people die from gun violence each week in the United States. Over 90% of Americans want mandatory background checks on gun purchases, yet Congress refuses to act. The gun manufacturers who control the NRA have bought our government. 
A democracy as diverse and large as America requires constant work and honest introspection. As I've always said, policy is shaped by narrative, and in order to win the future, we MUST deal with racism head-on.
This is the Trump administration’s idea of good economic policy: let corporations steal wages from workers.
Our democracy is broken. We need to establish common-sense solutions that return power to the American people. That’s why I support a national referendum. 
I’m for reparations. I’d immediately create a Commission on Race — not to do more talking, but to take action. While I’d make reparations a presidential priority,  that shouldn’t stop us from attacking systemic inequality wherever it rears its ugly head. 
 Thank you, Iowa, for believing in our campaign!📸 capped his night in Des Moines by speaking with  supporter…
We need a nominee who can build a diverse coalition and turn out Democrats from coast to coast to beat Donald Trump. I have spent decades standing up to corporations to protect the public interest and know that I am the candidate best positioned to fight — and win — in November.
To all supporters ; volunteers, thank you. I‘m grateful for every vote, door knock, and phone call. You've built a grassroots campaign that’s resonating with voters. We got a late start — but we’re building momentum and carrying our message on to NH, NV, SC, and beyond.
I will do every single thing I can to take back the government from the corporations who bought it. I will make sure we have a world to hand over to our kids that’s sustainable and fair. Stand in my corner Iowa, and I will stand in yours for the next four years. 
Today is the 150th anniv. of 15th amendment: the right to vote cannot be denied based on “race, color, or previous condition of servitude.” The GOP makes voting harder esp if you’re black, brown, or young. It’s wrong ; undemocratic. Voting is a right. I’ll fight to defend it.
Grateful for the endorsement of who wrote the nation’s most progressive climate law. We’ll turn the climate crisis into a climate-smart economy just how we stopped Big Oil in California—with a coalition of the American people, politicians like Fran, and activists. 
 NEW early-state tracking (IA, NH, NV and SC):Biden: 23% (-3)Sanders: 20% Steyer: 19% (+2)Warren: 12% (+1)Buttigie…
This exemplifies what’s wrong with our country’s criminal justice system AND what can happen when politicians show deep empathy and respect for human suffering. thank you for leading by example.
I'm humbled to be endorsed by Rev. Gwendolyn Cook Webb. She fought in the civil rights movement to keep the moral arc bent towards justice. I will fight with the same tenacity as Reverend Cook Webb to ensure the racism that undercuts our governmental policies is eliminated.
Maybe Pompeo should bring a blank map to see if he knows where the play. This is why I support more education funding.  
One day from Caucus and we are feeling the energy! Thank you Coralville/Iowa City for your support! 
Rural America needs and deserves a constant ally. I'm committed to fighting hospital closures so EVERYONE has affordable and accessible health care. 
Cutting health care and education to give tax cuts to the richest Americans and corporations makes absolutely no economic sense.
  Town Hall Meeting in Coralville, IA - LIVE at 3pm ET on C-SPAN   
Trump’s trade war is a huge mistake and a failure for America’s farmers. 
 Right now touting necessity for early childhood education, for justice, mobility, and prosperity, in respons…
If you see something wrong in America, you fight it as early and as hard as you can. To beat and take the country back from the corporations that have bought our government, we ALL need to get in the fight. 
I believe that we will win.Because we are empowering South Carolinians, telling the truth, ; leaving no part of the state behind.
Tonight we were in Waterloo at the Iowa Alliance Teen Center, which provides workforce development and college readiness training to one of the state's most diverse communities. As president, I would expand federal funding for meaningful programs like these. 
Freedom is an ongoing movement toward democratic ideals, not something to take for granted as finished. So let’s also take this time to rededicate ourselves to the clear moral purpose of freedom—because equity and equality in America are 400 years overdue. (3/3)
Today not only commemorates the abolition of slavery, but it marks the beginning of a month-long period when we celebrate the contributions and accomplishments of Black people. (2/3)
Today is National Freedom Day, which marks the beginning of  When our Founding Fathers spoke of freedom, they explicitly excluded Black people. When we speak of freedom today, we MUST reckon with systemic racism, exclusion, and discriminatory policies. (1/3)
Campaigning in Iowa is some of the most fun I have ever had. Thank you to my staff and volunteers for all the events, phone calls, and knocked doors.Save the world, do it TOGETHER! 
Everyone should have a right to learn, the right to clean air and water, the right to health care, the right to earn a living wage, and the right to an equal vote. 
Change won’t come from Washington insiders. Real change — on climate, health care, and everything else — will come from the people. To those people who say that we need to “meet in the middle” with Republicans: there is no middle. We’re going to need to show up and win in 2020.
This is how I will expose as a fraud on the economy. 
How do we make our politicians serve the people, not the rich corporations, and take action on climate, health care, education, and more? TERM LIMITS.
 has worked to empower African Americans for years. This Black History month I'd like to honor the leaders like her that are making history through activism and perseverance. I am truly proud to have her support. 
Don’t listen to Republicans obfuscating and running interference for He did it. It’s impeachable. He should be removed. Full stop.
Manufacturing is down, farm bankruptcies are up. So far the casualties in Trump’s trade war are American families in the heartland.
The other night, in Fairfield, I was honored to receive the support of Susan Masten, former chairwoman of the Yurok Nation. I will work closely with tribal leaders, to address the very specific issues affecting indigenous communities, and together restore health to our planet. 
Grateful for support and grateful to be in Dubuque tonight. 
The citizens of Dubuque are calling on Congress to hold the president accountable. Many were upset by vote to block witnesses from testifying against and continually kowtowing to the president. 
155 yrs ago today the 13th Amendment passed, abolishing slavery. But involuntary servitude has continued. Mass incarceration carries forward the legacy of slavery. Deeply rooted racism in our criminal justice system deprives African Americans of their rights. It has to end.
Three days until the Caucus, Iowans. Let’s get out there! Save the world, do it together! 
The job of U.S. Senators is to stop the President from committing crimes, not drive the getaway car. This trial is a sham. 
We need to make sure our representatives put the interest of their own constituents ahead of the lobbyists and corporations — that’s why I support term limits. 
Let’s make one thing clear: decision to change the rules now to accommodate Mike Bloomberg and not changing them in the past to ensure a more diverse debate stage is just plain wrong.
Senate Republicans and think so little of the American people that they continue to coverup crimes and corruption. These are not leaders. These are sycophants with no moral compass. grow a backbone and do your job. 
In Charleston, SC, a theater where white supremacists once assembled will now become a community center for racial healing. In order for America to win the future on issues like climate and jobs that pay livable wages, we must reconcile the past. 
Upper-income people have done disproportionately well at the expense of working families for the past 40 years and Trump's 2017 tax cut made things worse. With my tax plan, we'll have a people-powered economy that works for EVERYONE.
Kat and I have known for years. He is a true public servant who wants to see America prosper. Thank you, John, for your dedication and commitment to our country.
This is not about protecting Americans. This is a matter of racism, clear and simple. The Trump administration is STILL putting immigrant families in harm’s way. We must reverse this cruel policy.
Farmers are going to lead the fight against climate change. While in Iowa, I had the incredible opportunity to work with Matt Russell to raise up regenerative agriculture as the future in our fight for our planet. 
We need to prioritize safety, rehabilitation ; end racism in our prisons. African Americans are more likely to be arrested, convicted ; receive longer sentences. Inmates are often subject to violence ; denied improper living conditions 
Trump's Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has been a disaster in every way imaginable. She's consistently sided with for-profit colleges and has hurt teacher's unions. There's tough competition but she MAY win the award for the "Worst Cabinet Member." 
If the minimum wage kept pace with the roughly 50% increase of Wall Street bonuses it’d be at $33. And since 1990, CEO pay has increased by 540%. We need a wealth tax and we need to pay a living wage for ALL American workers.
Here we go again: DC's corporate stranglehold has crept to the the very government agency that is supposed to specifically protect consumers. Our government has been bought and paid for by industry. I will end this.
 Day 3️⃣ of our Iowa bus tour had it all— beautiful venues, engaging conversation, and a growing momentum that is THE…
 "In the societies that are successful and really give kids a chance, teachers are viewed as the stewards of the future." --
Dear Republicans, We've tried trickle down economics for 40 years—it’s failed. It’s time we do the opposite and grow our economy from the bottom up. 
Great to be in Burlington, Iowa this morning. 
"I own buildings. I'm a builder; I know how to build. Nobody can build like I can build. Nobody. And the builders in New York will tell you that. I build the best product." 
Fewer than 1 in 4 members of Congress are women and people of color. Term limits will stop Congress from being a lifetime appointment so we can elect a Congress that looks like and truly represents America.
 Great answer from on court expansion:* Ties GOP court theft to their efforts to keep black people from votin…
Proud to have the support of these leading national clean energy experts and environmental activists. Addressing the climate crisis will be my top priority. We do not have any more time to waste. Let’s save the world and do it together.  
This is not what democracy looks like. 
 Day 2️⃣ of the  Bus Tour started at 10am in a tavern and ended with an Block Party. In between, a…
As president, I will work hard on criminal justice reforms that end mass incarceration and over-policing in communities of color. That includes ending the cash bail system in all 50 states. 
 My exclusive with  He wants to apologize for slavery ; give reparations if he becomes President.  He’s also app…
Today in Ottumwa, IA we discussed the issue of child hunger in Iowa schools due to cuts in education. We need to really evaluate our priorities if we claim to be the richest country but let kids go hungry. 
The Remain in Mexico program amounts to cruel and inhumane treatment of asylum seekers. If elected, I will immediately end this program. We must  
Despite snow flurries, the people of Knoxville, IA came to join us early this morning to discuss the climate crisis, ending Citizens United, and how to beat Trump. 
Last night we were hosted by and Creative Visions to discuss the racial wealth gap, investing in black youth, and the climate crisis. 
 6 days out from Iowa, the  is at it’s highest point since started polling early states. 17%.ht…
 Day 1️⃣ of Tom's  Bus Tour got off to an amazing start  met with excited Iowans at a packed house Town Ha…
I recognize the Second Amendment, but first graders have a right to live. 
Hi is no way to treat an Iowan. He said he'd vote for the Dem in the general b/c he knows how important it is to beat Trump.We need immediate action on climate. If you don't agree, happy to talk @ debate.But don't take it out on voters we need to win in Nov. 
If the Senate won’t get rid of Trump, it will be up to us to get rid of them.
 talking to folks in Des Moines. “There is no compromise on this. There is no middle ground. We need to…
Continuing our “Beat Trump” bus tour through Iowa with a stop in Ankeny. We discussed gun violence, voting rights, and election security. 
Reparations are not without precedent in this country. And for African Americans, they’re long overdue.
Trump has told 500 lies about the environment. His administration is wholly owned by corporate polluters.
Trump stopped people of color from renting his properties. Now he’s stopping them accessing loans. Instead of letting banks discriminate, we need to invest in communities of color and make sure affordable housing is available to ALL Americans.
Last night’s Black Voter Town Hall was deeply emotional. We discussed the racial trauma experienced by this community for centuries as well as black maternal healthcare, lack of investment in black contractors, reparations and holding police accountable when they commit murder. 
Just one more example of how climate change threatens our way of life and our economy. My Climate Justice Plan ensures that we build climate-smart infrastructure — providing millions of jobs and powering the new green economy. 
This ruling is un-American. Trump’s immigration policies are racist and elitist. The idea that green cards should be for sale to the highest bidder is morally bankrupt and goes against our values
It's great to be back in Ames at for a town hall. You can watch it here:  
Today marks the three year anniversary of Donald Trump’s discriminatory and misguided Muslim ban. His continued attempts to vilify, demonize, and isolate groups based on their religion makes him a danger to us all.
 I agree. leadership in Washington and around the country continues to be instrumental in making sure the Un…
Finally! This is why we organize! I'm proud of work in Virginia, and salute the long-overdue passage of the Equal Rights Amendment!
Twelve years ago, Edith S. Childs inspired all of us to get fired up and ready to go for Now she’s ready for Trump to go. And I’m proud to have her support. 
Campaigns should reflect the community and respond to the challenges that community faces. That only happens when you hire the talented people of that community, empower them, and lift up their voices. Otherwise, it’s just empty words.
I SHOULD be paying more in taxes. So should all wealthy Americans. Under my plan, they will pay their fair share, and I'll give a 10% tax break to 95% of Americans. I've been for a WEALTH TAX for years. It's about time called for one too. 
On the 75th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, I’m thinking about the six million victims of the Holocaust who were stolen from us. May we never allow evil to live in our midst. 
Here are the facts: every action Trump takes against the environment is an action against our economy. We can build a strong economy by investing in climate-smart infrastructure. 
The difference between words and actions matters. So we took action in Michigan, Nevada, California, Arizona. With the power of the people, we pushed through clean energy initiatives and won. 
Attention Republican Senators -- the evidence is overwhelming. Time to do the right thing, demand that Bolton testify, and put your country above your political party. CC:
Proud to be here with talking about the progressive wins we need in 2020. Happy to see some of our former students in the audience continuing the good work. 
Was stunned to hear the news of the death of NBA legend Kobe Bryant, his daughter Gianna, and the other individuals onboard. My condolences to the families and friends of those lost in their time of grief.
This isn’t only possible, it’s necessary. When we build America’s clean-energy infrastructure we’ll put millions of people to work, save the planet, and restore shared prosperity for ALL Americans — not just the ones at the top.
 Pretty substantial turnout here at Springs Preserve for an environmental panel discussion with Late arrivals…
The labor movement has always been at the forefront of the fight for social and economic justice. For decades, it helped create a middle class and made sure that workers realized the American dream. Thank you and for the warm welcome.
If your kid is sick and you can’t afford to take them to the doctor, you are not free. If you have to work two or three jobs and you can’t spend any time with your family, you are not free. We MUST ensure everyone has a LIVING WAGE and one job is enough to support a family. 
It shouldn’t take deaths and riots for politicians to consider prison reform. We need to overhaul America’s ENTIRE criminal justice system, beginning with a serious look at racial bias in policing and sentencing.
  and are in Reno at the Futsol Arena meeting with Pedro Gutierrez, who co-owns the facility with his…
It bears repeating: the people hurt most by Trump’s immigration policies are not criminals, but families. 
African Americans are just 13% of the population of this country, but a majority of homeless folks. That doesn’t just happen. We need to redress America’s systemic racism, redlining, and we need to talk seriously about reparations.
It took over a year for these immigrant families separated under Trump's zero tolerance policy to be reunited. This is shameful. We have a long way to go to rebuild our standing in the world but I am certain we can do it. America is better than this.
Thanks to everyone who showed up for our Sparks office opening. With your help, we can break the stranglehold corporations have on our government and address the climate crisis. 
It is unconscionable that our government treats children in need of safety and shelter this way. We must treat people seeking asylum humanely and decently. This is not who we are.
Thanks so much to the folks at Smiling with Hope Pizza for all that they do. They are the highest-ranked pizza place in the country and make an intentional effort to hire individuals with disabilities. A true testament of faith in action. 
If elected President I will ensure that we root out white supremacists from working for the government and classify violent white supremacist groups as what they are: terrorists. 
Just visited the Reno-Sparks small business community. Thanks to Reno Chamber of Commerce CEO Anne Silver for showing us all of the new booming development they’ve been working on here. 
The response to this cannot be voluntary or left up to the private sector. We need emergency action mandated by the government. We need LEADERSHIP.
Asian Americans are an integral part of our culture, economy, and values. To all who are ringing in the  today, I wish you success, prosperity, and health in the new year.
  arrives at to discuss immigration, women’s rights and taking on trump in 2020 
Every American has a right to clean air and clean water. Nobody gets to poison you so they can make more money. 
 you don't need to know about my life, but you DO need to know that stopped me in the kitchen today at
This is an outrageous, insulting, and historically inaccurate statement that minimizes slavery in an attempt to take away the rights of women.
Why do I always wear the tie? Because life should be fun.
Americans collectively owe $1.6 trillion in student loans. This is unacceptable. Everyone must be able to acquire new skills, start new careers, and work for whatever it is they want. I want to help alleviate this burden.
This is a huge step toward restorative justice. People shouldn’t be prevented from living a full life after they've paid their debt to society.
DACA recipients are American in every way but legal status. As president I will create a fast track to citizenship for all DACA recipients so their sense of belonging and their contribution to our country can never be questioned again.
The most corrupt president in American history CONTINUES to profit off of his Doral resort near Miami: The room rates went from $254 to $539 around the same time the Republican National Committee hosted their winter meeting at the club. 
Trump's reckless behavior caused these injuries and took us to the brink of war. His lies and disregard for what our troops endure show that he is incapable of serving as commander in chief and keeping Americans safe. I wish our brave servicemembers a full and speedy recovery.
They’re like movie villains trying to dump toxic sludge over our country, only it’s real. 
Mr. Trump’s immigration system does not reflect America’s best values. From the Muslim travel ban to the repeal of DACA to this proposal to block visas for pregnant women, he is systemically attacking immigrant communities of color. 
I was just asked on Fox how I feel about impeachment "fizzling out."Who wants to tell them has already been impeached ; is on trial for removal?
Secretary Mnuchin, stop telling Ms. Thunberg to “grow up.” Since when is denying the truth and doing the wrong thing “grown up” behavior?
This is just silly. 
Standing up for the American people, standing up for the Constitution, standing up for what's right is always worth it. I will never back down from that.  
The NRA is a PERFECT example of the corporate stranglehold on Washington, DC that is breaking our political system. To address it, we must root out the corruption that makes too many guns too easy to obtain. Together, we can end gun violence.
The criminal justice system preys on the poor. Too many Americans are in jail simply because they cannot afford to post bail or other fees and fines. This is unconscionable. Debtor’s prisons should not exist in America.
Trump is hurting women again — this time predominately poor, non-white women who already have limited access to healthcare resources in Texas. He’s trying to pave the way for other states to follow suit. 
California Governor Newsom just recently signed a bill to prevent this type of discrimination against African Americans - this should be nationwide. I stand with DeAndre.
Society is judged by how it treats its most vulnerable citizens. That millions struggle to pay for the basics in the US is a national tragedy.  We can’t have a more just and equitable economy w/o addressing poverty. We should have a  
From policing to sentencing, prejudice is pervasive throughout our criminal justice system and perpetuates mass incarceration. As president, I will work to combat a system full of bias and outdated thinking. 
Lie  from The truth is, Trump is the one looking to destroy Social Security. This is an intergenerational commitment that shouldn’t be cut but strengthened to give everyone a dignified retirement. 
The government refuses to deal with affordable housing and allows communities of color to be poisoned. Inequality in America is unbearable, unjust, and cannot continue. There’s no way to talk about inequality without explicitly talking about race. 
Today, I'm meeting with formerly incarcerated individuals to talk about transforming the criminal justice system through police accountability, ending cash bail, providing adequate funding to re-entry programs, and so much more. 
I understand people can be critical. But this is why I am running. 
We can’t continue to deny science and roll back environmental protections. 
The media isn’t asking about reparations, but that won’t stop me from talking about it. Beginning to right the greatest injustice in our nation’s history — and the present — starts on day one.
You know who should be on the next debate stage with the rest of us? This guy. Make it happen,  
This president is not against immigration. He's against immigration by non-white people. This is his attempt to divide us on race. America, at its core, is an idea that every human being has worth — and I will restore this principle. 
This is a huge win for the people of Arizona. Our efforts behind Prop 127 moved the state to a clean energy future. We have shown that when public interest advocates keep pushing energy companies, they can get real results.
When calls himself a billionaire…
 We get by with a little help from our friends.  for keeping Kat warm on the campaign trail! htt…
Reminder: Donald Trump is still an unindicted co-conspirator.
Reproductive freedom is a fundamental human right. My administration will fiercely protect that right — and fight back against anti-choice extremists attempting to roll back Roe v. Wade and restrict access to health care across our country. 
Remember how well the banks were doing just before 2008? Well, it looks like they’re making record profits again — and a strong economy needs balance. Our economy isn’t strong if corporations reap all the rewards while Americans struggle to get by.
  starting the day in NYC doing interviews with stations from Jacksonville, San Francisco, Burl…
Donald, you're just jealous nobody wants to say hi to you.Impeachment is forever bye. That has to hurt. 
 I had an amazing morning helping to care for Trees in Cudahy with and Tree People is an amazing grou…
Without documents and witnesses, this isn’t a trial. It's a coverup.
 We like you too You have time and time again shown your commitment to the movement. Your investment in young peop…
Environmental racism is plaguing our country — I stand with these activists demanding accountability.  
If we break the stranglehold corporations have on our government, we will get affordable health care, quality public education, and a right to clean air and water. 
This is why we can’t afford a White House that ignores scientists and experts.
At the risk of getting in the middle of it — I like Now let's move on, America.
I often hear from reporters that the economy is strong. But we don't have a successful economy if all the new income goes to the super-rich. That's why I support a wealth tax and a living wage. 
Here’s a lede for you: “Three years after taking the oath of office, President Trump has made more than 16,200 false or misleading claims....” That’s about 15 lies to the American people EACH DAY. 
This is EXACTLY what I mean when I talk about the corporate stranglehold. What does $30 million buy you in the Trump administration? The ability to put one of your lobbyists in charge of America’s public lands.
 Asked: how do you turn out young people Answer: you look them in the eye and talk to their issues in Council…
Happy to hear the armed protests in VA ended peacefully. Reminder: the demonstrators don't represent the views of a vast majority of Americans who feel they should be able to attend schools, churches, and other public places without fear of being shot.
If you want to represent the Democratic Party, you need to take climate change seriously. For months, I've been calling on Democratic candidates to stop using private planes. Fellow Democrats - it is time to start treating climate change like the crisis it is. 
I’m honored to have the support of former State Senator Fran Pavley, Assemblyman Eduardo Garcia, Los Angeles Second District Supervisor Mark Ridley-Thomas, and former State Senator Josh Newman. 
Tune in tonight on CBS. 

In the spirit of his activism, I believe that we must honor him by fighting for reparations for descendants of slaves that have endured over 400 years of legal discrimination and racial terror. (2/2) 
If we are committed to telling the story of MLK, we cannot overlook his tireless work for economic justice - particularly later in his life. (1/2)
The pursuit of racial justice, economic equality, livable wages, and fair working conditions is what drives our campaign. More than 50 years after Dr. King's death, we’re still fighting for these same things. We will never give up. 
To fix homelessness we need to do more than just make them disappear. Instead of fining Americans who are already suffering, as president I will invest $8 billion in assistance grants and will rehabilitate vacant properties to house vulnerable families. 
 Tom and Kat jamming to the choir at the  rally at the South Carolina Statehouse puts a smile on my face. 
My day began with a breakfast at Brookland Baptist Church in West Columbia, SC honoring the Rev. Martin Luther King’s beloved community. We then marched to the South Carolina Statehouse where the work continues. 
 Hey first-time voters! Have a question for presidential candidate Let me know and I'll ask him on Wednesday wh…
The first day of our bus tour was a success. Check out this recap. 
Thanks to everyone who marched with us yesterday for the MLK Holiday Parade in Charlotte, NC. 
  speaks to a crowd of 200+ folks at South Carolina State University, an HBCU in Orangeburg, S.C. Steyer calls…
 “What is going on in this country is unnecessary,” says. “I call it cruel.”He notes he’s visited Denmark, SC,…
Honored to have the support of Johnnie Cordero, chair of the Dem Black Caucus of SC, state rep Jerry Govan, chairman of the Black Leg Caucus, and former president of the North Carolina Dem Party’s African American Caucus, Linda Wilkins-Daniels.
Elected officials in Washington have been too cozy with lobbyists and big corporations. Glad agrees that we need term limits to ensure a more diverse and representative democracy. 
I couldn’t think of a better way to spend a Sunday than in historic Orangeburg, South Carolina marching with the NAACP ahead of MLK Day. 
Thanks to everyone from Savannah Grove Baptist Church who came to support us today in Effingham, SC. 
Washington insiders have shown us again and again that they’re more interested in keeping their jobs than in the needs of working Americans. As president, I will stand for the working people of this country. I will fight for a government that is truly of, by, and for the people. 
Women's rights are human rights and human rights are women's rights. The Women’s March gives me hope that we can take our democracy back together. 
Generations of Americans know that they are being targeted and harassed by police simply for being black. 
Do we need any more proof that our government is wholly owned by corporations? In my administration, we will put  by implementing my working-class tax cut that benefits 95% of Americans rather than the top 1%  
Corporations have been slowly stripping away the rights of working people for the past 40 years. As president I’ll shake up the system on behalf of everyday Americans — and I’ll fight against the corporate stranglehold. It’s time to take our country back, Charlotte! 
Thanks to all that showed up yesterday to our Immigration ; Climate Town Hall in Las Vegas. We MUST prioritize folks most impacted by the climate crisis and protect climate refugees. 
Thank you for your leadership on this issue.  is cruel and has forced thousands of migrants to live in dangerous camps while awaiting asylum. We must end this policy now. 
 We qualified for the eighth Democratic debate! Tune in on Feb. 7 and watch explain how we are going to combat…
  to appear on for the first time Monday night, campign says
Kids are in a literal fight for their lives to do something about the climate crisis. Congress has refused to act. The criminal in the White House has refused to act. And now the courts refuse to act. It’s time to stop passing the buck. We need a Green New Deal NOW. 
We need to fix our unfair tax system. Let's start by giving working families a 10% tax cut by closing tax loopholes on the wealthy.
What kind of person doesn't think it's important for kids to eat vegetables? 
Thank you, Evelyn Yang, for sharing your story. Your strength and courage in the face of abuse and injustice gives agency to survivors — and it lets others who are suffering know they are not alone.
To see my eldest son, Sam, take on the climate crisis makes me so proud. Save the world, do it together. 
Our campaign team is as diverse as this country. Here are the People of the Movement — their work, and their values, define this campaign. 
Today I met with leadership. Economic productivity and sustained economic growth are rooted in the health and welfare of its workers. I will continue to stand with working families. 
Corporations shouldn’t be allowed to charge predatory rates to Americans who are struggling to make ends meet. That’s why I started Beneficial State Bank — and it’s why when I’m president I’ll fight for fair lending practices that help American workers. 
He’s a criminal. Period.
 Iowa, Super Bowl of American politics: Just finished showing the Iowa Senate and rest of the State Capitol to
Happy Founders Day ; Centennial to the members of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority Inc. Wishing you well and another 100 years of transforming lives.
It's time for Trump to go. 
 Tom Steyer’s new plan to pay for the climate change fight 
Let me be clear, I support Culinary Workers across the country and am proud to be here with at Thank you for the warm welcome today. 
Senator Schumer is right. While marginally better for working families, this trade deal will only make the climate crisis worse. Combating climate change MUST be central to any trade deal. The threat is serious and it demands action NOW. 
The only way to end 40 years of Republican giveaways to corporations and the wealthy at the expense of American families is to fix an unfair tax system. Today I released a plan to give working families a 10% tax cut by closing tax loopholes on the wealthy. 
I would spend my last dollar to save American democracy in a heartbeat and never regret it for a second. 
Tonight we joined at Cardenas Market, a Latino owned business in the heart of the Las Vegas community. We discussed our immigration plan as well as my history supporting this community for years. 
Just want to say hi, America.
I’m honored to be here in Nevada at the Four Directions and Nevada Tribes Native American Presidential Forum. As President, I will work with Native American communities to address the needs of tribal nations. 
“Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex.” Today, we’re closer to making this an amendment to the Constitution. Proud to have helped elect new Democratic leadership in VA.  
“Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere."-Martin Luther King, Jr. On what would have been his 91st birthday, let us recommit to his values. 
Happy Founders' Day to Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.--including the  members! 112 years ago today--sixteen students dedicated themselves "by culture and by merit" to create the first organization for black college-educated women.
Standing up for what’s right is always worth it.
Read the transcript. It's actually perfect. I said you're a fraud and a failure -- and I'll expose you.Now go to bed. 
Trump is running low on time. Everybody knows him. Inherited his money from his dad. So impeached!  
 What a night for at the  built on his momentum and bolstered the case that he’s the candidate to tackl…
I’ve played team sports my entire life and you the American people are my teammates. I won’t stand by while Donald Trump and the Republican Party harm my teammates. I need your support on caucus night so we can take back the country and save the world together. 
I built a global business from scratch and grew it into a $36 billion company. I have the experience of growing prosperity and am the Democrat best prepared to beat Donald Trump on the economy. 
 Heard you like tie... 👔  
 We're going to create millions of good paying union jobs. - discussing how to fight climate change  
I’ve spent a decade beating oil companies, stopping pipelines, shutting down fossil fuel plants, and ensuring clean energy across the country. 
 "I would declare a state of emergency on Day 1 on climate...We're going have to make the whole world come along with us. It ha…
  consistently strong on climate.  I like the passion he shows on this issue.  
 Steyer: 'We need to redistribute money so that everyone has a chance, and so that we're not reinstating inequality in the…
 Great job and for calling out how policies impact Black and Brown people specifically. 
 "I cannot allow this country to go down the path of climate destruction," says "We cannot put climate in the back…
 is ready for  AND signing up volunteers for GOTV!! Just 3 more weeks before  starts voting 🌎🎉🗳️…
 Our government is broken and is right to call out how corporations and big pharma have created a stranglehold on…
I’ve got four kids between the ages of 26 and 31. I cannot allow this country to go down the path of climate destruction. Everybody in their generation knows it. 
 "We cannot put climate on the back seat all the time," says 
 Thank you for making climate change your top issue. We know how important climate change is to our  community --…
What we can see in the Middle East and what this conversation shows is that there is no real strategy that we’re trying to accomplish in what we’re doing in the Middle East. Obviously, Mr. Trump has no strategy. He is going from crisis to crisis, from escalation to escalation. 
 Thank you for bringing up the climate crisis in the 
  has the best answer to the commander-in-chief question. "not about experience. it's about judgment."
 We have a packed house over at our  Nevada campaign headquarters in Las Vegas for our  watch party. Shou…
I hope you will get to know more about me tonight, what I'm fighting for, and why I'm the best candidate to defeat Donald Trump this fall.
Excited for the opportunity to talk directly to the American people about how we can tackle the climate crisis and grow the economy for all. Tune in tonight for the CNN/Des Moines Register presidential debate at 9 p.m. ET/ 6 p.m. PT. 
The change is coming. Wall Street is realizing that we NEED to solve our climate crisis. It's time to make it happen. 
Trump's Education Secretary has been a disaster for student borrowers. She's gutted the much needed Public Service Loan Forgiveness program, choosing loan servicing companies over vulnerable students. This changes day one.
Lailah is concerned about the loss of trees -- I reassured her that saving the world’s climate, including by planting trees, is my number one priority. In fact, my campaign plants a tree in the name of every active volunteer.   
Many thanks to the climate activists of West Des Moines -- Let’s save the world and do it together.  
It was a true honor to meet with today, in Des Moines, Iowa. It is critical for Latino voices to be heard in this next election. 
No surprise here--Trump’s Department of Justice closely coordinated with oil companies to block climate lawsuits. It’s time to put people over profits.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. had a dream of economic justice. The continues that fight today and I am proud to stand with them. 
After a series of devastating earthquakes, many Puerto Ricans are without power, water, food, or shelter — we must step up to help. Yet Trump has done nothing. Add your name to let Trump know that he needs to send aid to Puerto Rico immediately.
I always say that unions are my first, best, and last partner to ensure everyone has a living wage. I fully support the members of Teamsters Local 104 in their strike against ASARCO. Every worker deserves the pay and benefits that they've earned. We stand in solidarity together
Healthcare is a right and not a privilege. Period. So why does Mr. Trump want to wait until AFTER 2020 for his lawsuit to repeal the Affordable Care Act to be heard by the Supreme Court? Because he believes it is a privilege for the lucky few. Shameful. 
Happy Founders Day to the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. Since it’s inception 107 years ago the sisterhood has celebrated scholarship and service while producing some of the most successful women in America, if not the world. 
Our government is owned by corporations. Full stop. And Trump's 2017 tax cut proved to me that he is allowing it to happen. 
Under the cover of the new year, Trump's Interior Secretary removed LGBTQ protections from his department's anti-discrimination guidelines. In my administration, the full recognition of sexual orientation and gender identity will be restored.
Senator Booker's commitment and love for the country is clear. He’s right that uniting as a people is how we tackle our biggest challenges. I know he's going to continue to lead in this fight.
Poverty impacts 140M Americans across every race, gender, and creed. Yesterday, I sat down with my good friend and made a promise to fight for a debate focused on issues important to America’s poor. 
 Yet, wages are stagnant and people have to work 2 or 3 jobs. We need an economy that works for every one living in thi…
 Over 300 people are in attendance for tonight’s meet and greet in Raleigh. Something is happening.  ht…
The American people are demanding term limits! Serving in Congress shouldn't be a lifetime appointment. Great crowd in Raleigh, NC. 
Public school kids need fresh produce in the cafeteria. With help, Kat and I launched a program now serving over 300 million healthy meals in California each year. Congrats team on the big win. Thank you 
 The  continues thanks to (15% polling) and (12% polling)Through grassroots organizing, supp…
So glad to join the team at We discussed the importance of investing in our local communities. 
 It’s such an exciting time to be on  climbing polls in early states🗣 A campaign built on engagement, col…
If the climate crisis remains unchecked, more families across the country will be at risk. That’s why I’m a climate hawk. 
Tonight we met with leaders from the Latino community in NC to discuss our immigration plan and my support for DACA, TPS, and individuals that have been separated from their families due to this administration's racist policies. 
 Ring ring, America! and I are calling, and we looove to chat!  
  is surging in the early states because when he campaigns, he listens. His experience has taught him that t…
This decision is inhumane and violates American values. We must do better and fix our broken and racist immigration system. I call on Gov. Abbott to reverse his position.
Thank you for having me on  The contributions and moral leadership of the African American community have defined and uplifted America for generations. 
 My American Dream came true today- helping roll out our Immigration Policy, being a part of the conversation, having a seat at…
Wrapped up my NH trip today at WMUR studios for a chat with and about our campaign’s momentum and our new immigration plan. 
Today I announced a plan to reform our immigration system in a humane and comprehensive way and to undo the racist policies and unconscionable acts committed by the Trump administration. 
Thank you for your leadership. Young people are how we are going to get climate on the ballot. Fighting the climate crisis will be my top priority. Here’s my plan:  
 “Unchecked capitalism hasn’t worked for America... and that’s why I supported a wealth tax that predated Elizabeth Warren’…
 Tom Steyer is suddenly surging in state polls ; tonight makes his 1st appearance 10pm. 
This campaign is not about me. It's about the hard-working Americans who want clean air and water, a just economy, and a Washington that works for them. That's who I'll be talking about Tuesday night and who I'll be fighting for every single day in the White House.
106 years ago the Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity was founded at Howard University. It has produced world-class doctors, lawyers, entertainers, engineers, and civil rights leaders. Happy Founders Day to the brothers of Thank you for your service.
The news is extremely troubling. We must demand that Iran conducts a thorough and fully transparent investigation of the matter. 
Speaking to New England College students today reaffirmed my commitment to fighting the climate crisis and demanding environmental justice. I challenge every elected official in this country to consider the futures of these young people when making decisions. 
Need further proof that Mr. Trump has sold our government to corporations? He's trying to roll back a 50-year-old rule that is meant to keep our air and water clean. 
Big Oil  is spending billions of dollars to lie to you. Continued use of natural gas will cause our kids to get sick, our economy to suffer, and will worsen the climate crisis. 
Are you going to wait for Congress to pass a bill? I'm not. I'm going to declare climate change an emergency on day one. 
David Howell was brave enough to share his story about losing his son. Health care should be a constitutional right for every America, and no one should have to die because they don't have access to trauma care. 
My faith informs my values -- including the need to address the climate crisis -- and it is how I understand my purpose of being on this planet. My hope is to have a meaningful life and to make a difference in this world. 
His unwillingness to provide a clear path to a deal with Iran and come back to the negotiation table continues to put the lives of Americans at risk and will his recklessness will encourage more instability in the region. (2/2)
I'm grateful that no Americans or Iraqis were harmed in last night's missile strikes by Iran. Let's make one thing clear: Trump created this crisis and his remarks today demonstrate, once again, that his go at it alone strategy makes our country less safe. (1/2)
Incredibly happy that gets to join us on the campaign trail. She's always pushing us in the right direction. CC: 
Kat and I send our sympathies to the people of Puerto Rico. These devastating earthquakes are the last thing the island needs but we are certain the strong spirit and will of the Puerto Rican people will never be broken.
Solving our climate crisis begins in communities like Newton. I know we can fight climate change and pursue environmental justice every step of the way. We’re going to rebuild America, create millions of jobs, save the world — and do it together. 
 "I am proud to say that I am supporting Tom Steyer for president." - Reverend Wilfred Moore of Abundant Peace Church in La…
 👏 Our new office in Spirit Lake is up and running in full force!That makes 15  offices in Iowa. is serious…
I want to wish a Merry Christmas to my Armenian, Greek, Russian, Ukrainian, Ethiopian and Orthodox Christian friends who are celebrating Christmas on Jan. 6th ; 7th.  May your celebrations be filled with family, friends and good cheer.
Our  bus tour ends today, and the feeling on the ground has been electric. I truly enjoyed meeting Iowans from 15 counties and hearing their stories. One thing remains clear: everyone deserves a president better than 
Our government is just watching the world burn because it is bought by corporations.
Just spoke to a packed crowd at in Marshalltown, Iowa. Outside, I bumped into a family coming to get lunch. Sounded like their daughter Maxine supported term limits. 
 Hello from La Carreta restaurant in Marshalltown, where is making the first stop of the final day of his five-day "…
In my administration, I pledge to defend a woman's right to choose and I will use the full force and power of the Department of Justice to affirm and defend this constitutional right. Period. 
Truly grateful for Pastor Jenkins inviting us to worship this morning at Union Missionary Baptist Church in Waterloo. 
Thank you, Waterloo! I promise to champion the fight for Social Security, student loan debt, health care, ending discrimination, and to address the climate crisis. 
  Town Hall in Waterloo, IA - LIVE at 7pm ET on C-SPAN  
 Knock knock, Nevada! 🇺🇸 Out canvassing with and before the grand opening of the Sumerlin offic…
I'm constantly inspired by Kat Taylor's drive and commitment to social justice and environmental sustainability. She's my not so secret weapon and she's on the ground in South Carolina this weekend. CC: 
This is just plain dumb. We can build roads, bridges, and update our infrastructure while solving the climate crisis. These aren't mutually exclusive. Building climate-smart infrastructure is just common sense. 
Kicked off today in snowy Hampton to take questions from local Democrats. Thank you for coming out at 9 am in the snow — it was so much fun! 
Donald Trump has lied to the American people every day of his presidency - over 15,000 times and counting.  He has no credibility when he most needs it now in his explanation for the recent military actions against Iran.
Despite heavy snowfall, we had a strong crowd of Democrats in Algona today. Not even a snowstorm can break our momentum. 
We have to start telling the truth about race in America - not just to African American audiences but to white audiences as well. When we tell the true story of what happened in this country - from slavery to Jim Crow - we can begin to build a more equitable country. 
His reckless behavior overseas puts American lives in danger without the necessary support from our allies or any apparent strategy for long-term success. (2/2)
Donald Trump appears to have no foreign policy strategy or process. His withdrawal from the Obama-led Iranian nuclear agreement began a direct confrontation which has escalated to the killing of General Qasem Soleimani. (1/2)
 Steyer hires Obama campaign's delegate expert 
 Throughout this trip, often the last person at every is... Has long conversations with any attendee w…
  Getting Ready For Today!!! #    Happy Friday Everyone!!! 
Exciting turnout at this morning’s event in Sheldon, a historically red district in Iowa. With momentum like this, I know that together, we can take Trump on in November. We’re going to expose him for the fraud that he is, and we’re going to win. 
You did it! Today our campaign reached the 225,000 donor threshold, a critical step towards qualifying for January's debate in Iowa. Thank you. With your help, we are going to tackle the climate crisis and build an economy that works for ALL Americans.
 “We’re excited that we’re building momentum, as evidenced by the fact that there’s more than 3 people here,” says the Democr…
It is essential that we protect American service members and citizens throughout the region while working with our allies to prevent further escalation that could lead to a devastating war that Americans do not want. (2/2)
Soleimani was a terrorist responsible for killing Americans. But this wasn't authorized by Congress and is an escalation that risks a wider war with Iran. Mr. Trump risks making a bad situation worse with reckless action. (1/2)
 Next stop in the  tour - opening a NEW OFFICE in Spirit Lake at 11:30 today! Join us 👉 ht…
 We need a nominee who is going to energize and inspire turnout! This bus tour we’ve seen that appeals to forme…
So happy my partner in all things, Kat Taylor, could join me on the first leg of our  bus tour. It’s been a blessing to travel across this great state with Kat, listen and learn from Iowans, and share special moments along the way. 
Thrilled to end the day talking to folks in Sioux City. The crowd tonight gives me hope that we can flip Rep. Steve King’s district blue. We need to elect Democrats to make progressive change happen, tackle our climate crisis, and rebuild our economy for all Americans. 
 Woman at Sioux City event starts to ask questio “You can call me Tom.”Woman: “Thank you. I’d rather cal…
 Intro music at this Sioux City event provided by Kat Taylor, his wife 
  in Manning, Iowa, where the town’s last grocery store is closing.“This is about pushing back on concentra…
  visits a closing grocery store in Manning, Iowa, the last one in town. Meets some Iowans he’s known for a w…
Why is Amazon stifling any talk of climate change within its company? Amazon MUST acknowledge the damage its business practices are doing to the environment and support its employees. It will take collective action to solve this existential crisis.
In October, I had the chance to visit with Dan and Patty at their farm in Manila. They told me how Trump's trade wars have impacted farmers like Dan. It was great to see him and Patty today in Manning to talk about rural issues. 
Sec. Castro advocated for the poor and for immigrant communities too often ignored in today’s politics. He will be missed on the campaign trail, but I know he will keep pushing for a more just and equitable America. 
I'm asking Iowans in all corners of this great state to stand in my corner and caucus for me. Together, we can tackle the climate crisis and build economic prosperity for all Americans.  
Loved talking to folks in Council Bluffs to kick off my  bus tour. Great questions on term limits, a wealth tax, and how we need to ditch conventional thinking and beat Trump on the economy to win in November for all Americans. 
 Starting the  bus tour with some organizing. got a commit to caucus from someone in the…
Our  Tour kicks off today in Council Bluffs. Check out the bus! Learn more:  
Do not confuse the stock market with the economy. While the stock market had a great year, many Americans have little savings, working longer for less, and are just trying to get by. We need an economy that works for EVERYBODY and puts  
Student loan debt is affecting the next generation AND their families who may have co-signed a loan. I pushed for a Student Loan Borrower's Bill of Rights in CA. Working families deserve a federal one too.  
We can save the world. And we can do it together.I’m going to do my part. Please join me in doing your part too. Happy New Year. 
The climate crisis offers the United States a national purpose. We can create millions of good-paying union jobs across this country while ensuring that Americans can breathe clean air and drink clean water.
And while we are facing the biggest challenge we have ever faced in history, I remain hopeful. Because the biggest challenges also offer us our greatest opportunity.
That’s the number of years the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change gives us to stave off the worst effects of climate change.
But this New Year's Eve, I find that I am not focused on the number 2020. I refuse to be discouraged, even by Mr. Trump’s reprehensible actions. Instead, I am focused on the number 10.
His administration has continued to allow corporations to pump pollution into black and brown communities — poisoning children — just because it will help some shareholders’ bottom line.
But in looking back, I also see the damage that Donald Trump has caused this planet. In 2019 alone, Mr. Trump has silenced the EPA’s scientists, revoked wetlands protections, and repealed the Clean Power Plan — and the list goes on.
Looking back, I’m proud to have spent the last decade fighting and beating oil companies, stopping pipelines, stopping fossil fuel plants, and ensuring clean energy across the country. I wouldn’t have changed a second of it.
It's New Year’s Eve, which means lots of us are assessing what happened in the last decade and looking forward to the year to come. (Thread).
The right to a living wage should be guaranteed to all Americans. I believe in a $15 per hour minimum wage, paid family leave, expanding access to childcare, and greater union rights.
My tour yesterday in Fresno, CA reminded me again of one of my fundamental beliefs: My first, best, and last partner in ending the corporate stranglehold on our democracy are labor unions. 
Everyone deserves clean water. So why is rolling back parts of the Clean Water Act? Because of his friends and their corporate profits. It's time we put 
Donald Trump has never been able to deliver on his promises. He's a fraud and a failure.
I agree with - the race has changed since the last early state polls over 40 days ago. should require more early state polls to ensure the most diverse field possible and to reflect the current support of voters in the early states.
Excited to head to the Central Valley today. Going to tour a training facility with members of IBEW and Pipefitters, and open a campaign office in Fresno. I hope you all can make it. 
Heard moving stories today from many who turned out to our town hall. Had a chance to talk about gun safety, democracy reform, climate change, and other issues. Thank you for hosting us  
Congressman Lewis has been one of the clearest moral voices in pursuit of social and economic justice for decades. He has been through and won some of the toughest fights in our country's history. He'll win this one too, and my thoughts are with him and his entire family.
 Enough
The senseless violence against people celebrating Hanukkah in Rockland County is despicable and it should shock our collective conscience. This was an act of domestic terrorism. My heart goes out to the victims and their families in Monsey, and to the entire Jewish community. 
This is dangerous. Americans' health and safety are at stake. A Steyer administration will listen to scientists, not fear them. 
To combat the climate crisis we need a president who will take action on day one. I’m prepared to take executive action and make climate change my top priority.
 Tom Steyer is rolling through Iowa January 1-5th, to talk with Iowans in his People Over Profits bus tour. See where T…
The American people know what is right. What can save our democracy? More democracy. 
Instead of Congress setting the rules, Big Oil does. Let’s break the stranglehold corporations have over our government and combat the climate crisis. 
Today marks the first day of Kwanzaa - a week-long celebration of family, community and African American culture. Wishing all who celebrate a wonderful week.
Merry Christmas! Wishing everyone a joyous holiday.
What a privilege it was to speak with all the powerful women leading the way on social and economic issues. Your passion and moral clarity is an inspiration. CC: 
We have to make combating climate change our number one priority. Climate change is the biggest threat to our planet, and we have to start acting like it. 
The stakes have never been higher. 
 This week called out Trump's broken promises. This is an ongoing pattern of Trump treading on IA livelihoods
  brings up his plan to cut taxes by 10% for the middle class, which he outlined Monday in Iowa City. He said he pla…
Happy Hanukkah to all those marking the first night of the Festival of Lights! You have my warmest wishes for a joyous celebration with family, friends, and loved ones.
The “Remain in Mexico” Policy is a cruel humanitarian disaster that must be ended immediately. Asylum seekers deserve to be treated with dignity and respect, not exposed to the very violence that forced them to flee in the first place. 
I didn't get to respond to the  question on reparations last night. I support reparations and challenge other candidates to do the same. 400 years of legalized discrimination and unfairness. Deep, long-term injustice, and no apology. It's time.
No one is above the law—not then, not now. 
 Hace dos años, el millonario californiano y candidato presidencial lanzó una campaña de recogida de firmas para pe…
  tells he'll be working to boost Democratic voter turnout in 2020 "come hell or high water"  ht…
  talks about reparations  
America, thank you for listening. Saving our planet and our democracy won’t be an easy task, but together, we can absolutely do it.  
The tie that binds.  
Teamwork is a gift. We're only going to defeat this corrupt and criminal president, and stand up for the people of the United States, by realizing that we're a team that stands for the true values of America: freedom, equality, justice. Teamwork.  
I am the only candidate in this race who has built a multibillion-dollar international business. And I'm the only candidate whose number one priority is climate. If we're going to beat Trump and save the world, we need an outsider with the experience to get it done. 
 🙌Thank you, for raising the importance of good  jobs, not once, but 3x tonight!🙌
 Climate change is his number one issue. Check out our interview series Coffee with Candidates: Tom Steyer 
No one should have to choose between their health and bankruptcy. Health care must become a right, not a privilege. End of story. 
LGBTQ Americans are entitled to and deserve equal protection under the law. 
I don't consider it a success if I do really well and no one else in America does well. If we aren’t advocating for equity and equality for all, we’re perpetuating an undemocratic government. If we're not all succeeding, that's not a success. 
Betsy DeVos profits off student loans while she implements federal policies that keep students under crushing debt. Do the math—it all adds up to a corporate stranglehold that puts profits over people. 
This president is not against immigration. He's against immigration by non-white people. This is a racial argument by a racist president who's trying to divide us 
I respect the leading Democratic candidates in this race, but here's the truth: none of them have the business experience I do—and Mr. Trump is a different breed of cat. I'm the only one that can expose him as a fraud and failure and beat him on the economy.  
It's not possible to isolate ourselves from China. If we are going to treat climate as the threat it is, we're going to have to partner with the Chinese and bring the world together around this crisis.  
 Tom Steyer says his business experience sets him apart from others in the Democratic field: "My experience – building a business,…
Our greatest opportunity to reinvent the country is also our biggest challenge in history. If we want to pull people together, let's start with climate and let's start with environmental justice.  
 Steyer name checked Buttigieg on climate in tonight's  St…
Climate change is a generational question. If Mayor is concerned about the next era, he should make climate his top priority like I have. 
I’m the only candidate who will say this: I will make climate change the number one priority of my presidency. We need solutions that reflect the scale of the problem. If climate isn’t priority one, it won’t get done.  
It's time for the American people to write the rules so that we can reverse historic levels of inequality, and grow an economy that works for everyone. I'm the only candidate on stage with the business experience to go toe to toe with Donald Trump. 
Two years ago, the political establishment told me I was wrong to call for Donald Trump’s impeachment. The impeachment process has always been about the restoration of democracy. When we stand up for what is right, we are doing our moral duty as citizens. 
In the wake of yesterday’s impeachment hearings, our words—and our actions—matter more than ever before. It’s up to you, and all of us standing up on stage tonight, to save our democracy. Talk to you in an hour, America.  
Excited to be here at for the debate! I hope you’ll tune in at 5:00 p.m. PST to hear more about who I am and what I believe. 
Thanks to ; the team at for having me on “The Sit Down” -- we discussed impeachment, the prison industrial complex, HBCUs, climate change ; so much more. Stay tuned for the full interview to drop early next year. 
Today, we stand on the right side of history.We just impeached the most corrupt president in the history of the United States of America.
If you’re an American citizen living abroad, indicating your support is crucial for the upcoming Global Presidential Primary. Here's how you can help get me on this ballot:Register via Sign my petition: 
 “If ever a time should come, when vain and aspiring men shall possess the highest seats in Government, our country will st…
 Donald J. Trump swore an oath to faithfully execute his office and protect and defend the Constitution.Has he honored…
 It is tragic that the President's reckless actions make impeachment necessary. He gave us no choice. It is a matter of f…
I supported impeachment for two years prior to declaring my presidential bid. It was the right thing then, and it’s the right thing now. 
"President Trump has misused and exceeded his authority so incontrovertibly, remorselessly and habitually as to warrant the founding document’s severest answer: impeachment and removal from office." 
Today, the FUTURE Act was signed into law thanks to the visionary leadership of This bill provides HBCUs with $255 million in annual funding to provide much needed stability.  
We’re live from San Francisco with the and at a first-of-its-kind Virtual Youth Town Hall. Ask your questions by commenting here!  
Today’s first-of-its-kind Virtual Youth Town Hall starts in an hour, featuring questions from young voices around the country. I’m looking forward to engaging with our youth on the topics most pressing to them. Tune in live to hear for yourself. 
Democrats need a nominee who can go places all over this country and credibly discuss how we achieve economic prosperity as a country by putting people over profits. I am the best person to be that nominee, take on Trump, and defeat him. 
I didn’t inherit a dime from my parents — I started a company in one room with no employees and built a successful international business. Taking on Trump in the next election is my biggest challenge yet. Let’s keep the momentum going and ride the  to victory. 
Climate is my  priority. Not only will taking action on the climate crisis afford us the opportunity to save our only planet—it also offers us the chance to achieve national unity, create millions of union jobs and re-assert American leadership globally. 
Fighting for what you believe in isn’t always easy, but it is always right. I’m proud of the workers for standing in solidarity with one another to reach this resolution. 
Carlos Alcala fought side by side with Cesar Chavez for fair pay and equitable conditions for farm workers in California. He is a proven leader and a tireless champion for the Latino community. I am proud to have his endorsement. 
This past weekend in Nevada, our awesome team celebrated a major Weekend of Action with 25 phone banks and 29 canvasses throughout the state. Grassroots organizing starts with talking directly to the community. I’m so proud of you, Nevada.
I know how important it is for young Americans to have a voice in democracy. That’s why I’m hosting a first-of-its-kind Virtual Youth Town Hall today with the ; Join us at 4:30pm/PST to ask questions via live-stream:  
Presidential elections always come down to the economy. None of the leading Democratic candidates have built successful, intl businesses or created private sector jobs. We must nominate a candidate who can go head-to-head with Trump on the economy and win. 
 Today: 10% in the Morning Consult poll, big economic speech, meet and greet in DavenportYesterday: talking mental health…
Here’s what we need to do: show up, turn out, and win big. This team is ready. 
 The difference between now and the Watergate era isn't the severity of misconduct—Trump's abuse of power poses a great…
 In Iowa City,  delivering major economic policy speech. Say unchecked capitalism hasn’t worked, but socialism…
  is in Iowa City giving a speech on the economy. “If Democrats don’t nominate someone who can go head-to-head wit…
 IOWA CITY, IA - says none of the major 2020 candidates can beat Trump when it comes to an economic message: “not…
We're live from Iowa City! Listen up to hear my vision for progressive economic change, how I plan to address inequality in our system while harnessing innovation, and how I'll take on unchecked corporate power without abandoning our market-based economy. 
I’m excited to join tomorrow morning for a conversation with American voters living abroad! I’ll be talking about issues that matter to Americans around the world — if you’re a voter outside the US, click here to join the conversation: 
 Kat Taylor at the Hamburg Inn in Iowa City. in Muscatine with his brother Jim. A fun family day connecting wit…
So nice of the leadership team to come say hello ahead of the public education forum here in Pittsburgh. Seeing leaders like in action gives me hope for this country. 
 Great to see candidates out supporting labor and prioritizing education. Look forward to hearing from others in the near f…
 YDA welcomes the opportunity to speak directly to any candidate who wishes to lead our nation.Join America’s youth progres…
 We want  represented in candidate’s policy platforms.  is an opportunity for candidates to touch…
The perfect example of why we need term limits. 
 are seeking organizers in key battleground-states and the 2020 election presents a prime opportunity for young people to get involved. Make a direct impact and help save our democracy—apply today with  
 We are moving forward with Articles of Impeachment to urgently respond to the President’s actions, which are an imminen…
The right time to do the right thing is always right now. The American people have seen the facts. We're going to impeach the most corrupt president in history. It's up to the House, including the to restore integrity to the oval office and hold to account.
I support If their dispute with is not resolved before the debate, I will not cross the picket line. I trust the DNC will find a solution ahead of the debate, and I stand with workers in their fight for fair wages and benefits.
  “I have always felt that the court that matters in terms of impeachment and removal of the most corrupt president…
  after vote: “President Trump is on a constitutional crime spree, jeopardizing our national security and t…
The truth isn’t subject to interpretation. The endless attempts to distract from crimes, corruption, and coverups are an insult to the foundation upon which this nation was built. 
 This is what it’s all about. And yet, basically no one has even seen these figures. We need to communicate this everywhe…
 Despite Republican efforts to force us to pass these articles of impeachment in the dead of night, we will vote in the morning.…
 Rep. Jerry Nadler: "I now call up H.Res.755 - Impeaching Donald John Trump, President of the United States, for high crimes an…
 On the last day of  I appeal to countries to send a message of ambition to the world - to align their climate ob…
 A piece I and my  colleagues wrote 2 months ago predicted today.
 Reflecting on our time at  I cannot stress enough how important it is for the US to elect a president in 2020 who…
Our system isn’t working because it’s been corrupted by corporate influence, a lack of transparency, and partisan efforts to suppress voices and votes. A Steyer administration will move away from business as usual and toward tangible structural reform. 
It is inhumane and unthinkable that our government would deport those who represent the very best of who we are. The outpouring of support for Jesus from the community is a testament to the way in which he positively impacted the lives of those around him. 
 Every election is a climate election. Vote for your children. Vote for the planet. Vote for future generations. Vote for…
Ridiculous? must be referring to the mockery he’s made of the presidency.
Four years ago today, I was there when the entire world came together for climate justice — the  at COP21. 
Deeply saddened by the shootings in Jersey City. Hate and anti-semitism have no place in our country and I call on all Americans to speak out and denounce this disturbing trend in our society—we owe it to victims and their families.
 is absolutely right. The inaction accompanied by business as usual will lead to our demise. On day one of my presidency, I'll declare climate change a national emergency and use the full powers of the executive office to help save our only planet. 
African Americans are long overdue for equality and equity in this country. Reparations are only the tip of the iceberg.
Deanna Berry is a hero of mine because of her unwavering commitment to fight for clean water and environmental justice in her community. Rural America needs and deserves a constant ally. This country needs a president who understands that. 
This blue wave is not fake news. “When Trump was inaugurated, there were 241 Republicans in the House. With the retirement of Florida Rep. Ted Yoho on Tuesday, 104 of them have either retired, been defeated or are not running again in 2020.”
"...we care about having a president who takes seriously his oath to preserve and protect our Constitution. Without that, we will end up one day morally and financially bankrupt." 
 This is what diversity, equity and inclusion looks like. Proud to continue to lead the effort of  for  Let's w…
 Our voluntary staff survey of results are in, and I'm proud to be able to share that the results reflect our commi…
Anyone who’s making the climate crisis their second or third priority is kidding themselves. Our planet is nearing the point of no return. We’ve got to save the world, and we’ve got to do it together. 
 I asked what he would say to those who would prefer a focus on cash reparations, rather than HBCU funding. Her…
Organizing at its best. This is a win for our great partners in labor and the American workers who fuel our economy. 
It's a no-brainer is a criminal who puts himself over his country. The millions of Americans who marched, voted, and called Congress to impeach have known it for over two years. Glad Congress is doing the right thing.
 you and your family are in my prayers during this difficult time. 
 NH's Dudley Dudley: "Why I’m Endorsing   
HBCUs were born out of injustice and the evils of slavery. As a part of my broader support for reparations, my administration would pledge 125B to these institutions to combat years of racial inequity. 
 On human rights day, we call for climate action. The climate crisis is the biggest threat to human rights and human righ…
 SC Rep. introduces ahead of his  policy rollout saying that Steyer doesn’t just “talk the t…
 President Trump abused the power of his office, undermined our national security and jeopardized the next election.He…
The climate crisis disrupts farmers’ lives by disrupting growing seasons and bringing more floods, droughts, and extreme storms. My administration will empower America's farmers to lead on creating climate-smart agriculture.
 The  is real! 
 Reporting from  in Madrid. Here’s my quick takeaways.   htt…
 As we kick off the second week of  I had a chance to catch up with from and share my initial imp…
 While the DC chattering class keeps chasing the noise, the signal from early states is clearer each week.  kee…
 is welcomed by a massive crowd of supporters at his Columbia, SC office opening 
 The  is, at its core, pro-worker and pro-union. Love how cleanly lays that out at the 
 The South Carolina  is 🔥. 
 “Why indigenous resistance is so important to you?” (Asked, Amy Goodman.)“We are never asked what we want. What we need. Indi…
 This call is getting louder, all over the world! 
Donald Trump's racist attacks on are a predictable attempt to distract from a policy an overwhelming majority of Americans support— a wealth tax.
There’s a key to a blue sweep in 2020: voter turnout. 
 Feels good to have  back at COP, this time in Madrid for  has been representing the US interna…
 is right. may have declined the invitation to testify, but his choice won't "prevent us from carrying out our solemn constitutional duty.”
I love talking with future voters like you, Ian! 
 So let me get this straight: we can afford a $1.9T tax cut for the wealthy and corporations, but can’t afford $5.5B to make su…
 Leading Constitutional scholars were clear: President Trump abused his power, will continue trying to corrupt our democr…
 One more picture from tonight’s climate conversation with at Next Page Books in Cedar Rapids - Tom’s a good…
 The democratic nominee will need to be able to go at Trump on what he perceives to be his strengths - the economy.
This is absolutely wrong. The confederate flag has and always will symbolize inherent racism.
 The President has left us no choice.  "Put simply, if a President cheats in his effort at re-electi…
 BREAKING: Dozens of activists just disrupted ; walked out of  panel featuring in a 
 Excited to be back at COP and to represent the campaign here at  in Madrid. Here to show the world 
"Holding the president accountable for gross abuse of power is the business of Congress."The American public has had to drag leaders in Washington to do the right thing. It's time they get to it. 
Today we honor all the service-members and civilians who lost their lives at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. The brutal attacks live on in infamy, and all those who perished live on in our memory. 
When we organize, we win. 
 “If U want to share a lesson, tell a story. If U want to touch a heart, sing a story. If U want to start a revolution, ask a…
 We need to decolonize our minds ; decolonize our economy. The lessons shared by the    
Thank you, for leading  at  Proud of our climate team for representing the campaign and our plans for an equitable green economy, and a foreign policy that starts with world leadership on climate. 
 Whether it’s farmers energized by Tom’s message about partnering with rural america or young people excited by a candidat…
 There is no planet B. We need action NOW. Need to have emergency action to make transformative change!  These young people a…
 This should be unanimous, not partisan. Impeachment in the House is not a conviction. The trial happens in the Senate. All…
 I successfully managed to sneak into Madrid this morning! I don’t think anyone saw me...Anyway it’s great to be in Spai…
 What do we want? CLIMATE JUSTICE! When do we want it? NOW!!! Time to declare a climate emergency ; use the emergency powers…
Despicable. If we do not change our course, we will be remembered as a nation who denied compassion and basic human rights to people in their greatest time of need. 
“Our democracy is what is at stake. The president leaves us no choice but to act, because he is trying to corrupt, once again, the election for his own benefit.”
Right now, young people across the world are taking the lead on the climate crisis by walking outside and saying, “No more.” I am so inspired by their courage. Let's protect their future by standing with them. Get involved:   
 Some people say that we should study to become climate scientists so that we can “solve the climate crisis” But the 
Today, asked the House Judiciary Committee to draft articles of impeachment against To Senate Republicans: the vote you cast on this will determine whether you stand up for the American people or for the Choose wisely. 
This is appalling. We need to regulate tech giants like to ensure they put safety first—and we need to do more to address the horrific reality of rampant sexual assault happening every day across our country. 
This campaign is about more than just one person — it’s about building a national movement that returns power to the American people. Today on  I want to thank you for being a part of this movement. Just look at all we are accomplishing together. 
That's right, we're working hard to reach college campuses, public housing projects, rural communities, and everywhere in-between so that all Americans are heard,
  “In order to defeat Donald Trump, Democrats need to engage voters from every part of the country, and tha…
If we want to rebuild American's manufacturing capability and create jobs, clean energy is the way to do it. Well done, 
 has abdicated his duty to the Constitution and the American people. We are well past any question of criteria for impeachment. He is unfit, dangerous, and must leave. Thank you, for doing what must be done.
 This president has engaged in a series of abuse of power and obstruction of justice since he took office. He has betrayed h…
“If what we’re talking about is not impeachable, then nothing is impeachable. This is precisely the misconduct that the framers created the Constitution, including impeachment, to protect against.”
Our Diversity, Equity ; Inclusion Director always speaks truth to power. 
Scientists have said reforestation is one of the best ways to address the climate crisis. That’s why my campaign is planting a tree in the name of every active volunteer. Join us:  
I stand with Sabrina Fulton, Tracy Martin ; Atty. Crump in their continued fight for justice for Trayvon.  
Democrats need to engage voters from every part of the country—part of that is making sure voters hear from a diverse group of candidates before selecting a nominee. I am hopeful that the party will give voters an opportunity to hear from more candidates before they cast ballots.
I’m calling on to open up debate requirements for January so more candidates can participate. This is more important than any one campaign—it’s about finding the best person to represent our party, defeat and lead our country forward.
This is cruelty. and the have spent years filling the pockets of the wealthy at the expense of vulnerable Americans. 
 The endless conspiracy theories and denial of facts.The lies, hate and bullying of children who communicate and act on…
 I first heard about term limits in my HS gov class, and it seemed like such an intuitive idea to connect the dots on Cong…
 “I’m running for a really simple reason,” said. “I’m running because I believe the government has been purchase…
We need common sense gun reform. A Steyer Administration will: -Create a gun licensing system-Establish national assault weapons registries-Organize voluntary buyback programs for all firearms 
Thoughts don’t mean a damn thing without action, 
Everyone has the right to breathe fresh air and drink clean water, free from industrial poisons. understands that, and took action. To the city, state, and federal agencies that continue to fail the people of Flint, it’s your turn to step up.
"The founding fathers prescribed a remedy for a chief executive who places his personal interests above those of the country: impeachment."
Despite 25 years of urgent warnings and global conferences, the US Congress has still never enacted a comprehensive bill to address the climate crisis. In the next 25 years we need to transform our economy to save the world. Together, we can do it.
What we do is even more important than what we say. My wife Kat and I signed the Giving Pledge nearly 10 years ago because we view giving back as a matter of morality and responsibility.  Please join us in celebrating one of the most special days of our year,  
As a fierce advocate for equality, Sen. has been and continues to be a force in and beyond California. I’m proud to call her a friend, and I know her work on behalf of the American people is just getting started. 
No one should need to work more than one job to survive. We can and will do better by the American people. 
 We have to choose between the path of surrender - letting the climate emergency jeopardize everyone on this planet - o…
I joined this race in July because I couldn't sleep at night knowing I didn't do everything in my power to save our democracy, and I'd be remiss if I didn't stop to express my gratitude to all who helped me get here. To all my supporters and hard-working volunteers: thank you. 
 As  kicks off, CEOs of 75 companies and the are calling for a healthy, thriving future for the US’ workers and…
 Can’t wait to continue uplifting local leaders, amplifying voices of color, and empowering our volunteers and team wit…
Thanks so much to ; of Nevada for hosting us yesterday. From reproductive rights to equal pay, these organizations are leading the way. Their hard work has resulted in Nevada being the only state with a female majority legislature. 
Yesterday was  Today, I  to raise awareness and to acknowledge the work we have left to do in confronting this pandemic and supporting all those impacted. 
 Donald Trump is a fraud and a failure -- is it any surprise his campaign failed to buy the domain of their campaign slogan? We…
 The Art of the Cyber Monday Deal 
In every single area of policy in the United States, there is an element of residual racism. We have to talk about it, we have to call it out, and we have to specifically address it—our segregationist history is the root cause of this water issue. 
 We put footprints on the moon.We were the first in flight. We invented the internet. Don’t ever doubt the United States…
Last year on  wealth grew by $6.28 billion. It would take a family saving $100k a year for 62,800 years to save what he made in those 24 hours. A system that creates this much inequality is broken and immoral—and it's exactly why we need a wealth tax.
 We have some pretty creative volunteers! 
 WOW!!! is the first Presidential Candidate to visit Pahrump, NV and is supporting a local Latino biz while doi…
 Recently at an event in IA talked w/ a HIV+ woman whose husband died of AIDS. She now has grandkids which she…
64 years ago today, Rosa Parks made history by refusing to give up her seat on a bus to a white passenger—and sparked a revolution that paved the way for decades of reform. May we honor her memory by continuing to fight on behalf of others. 
The climate crisis is an international emergency—I’m glad to see my friend bringing together so many leaders to fight “World War Zero” with their collective power. 
Today we met with Hispanics in Politics, the first org of its kind in Las Vegas. When we look at the vast Latino political talent network in Nevada (like our battle-tested team of NV organizers) the necessary work of President Romero + Hispanics in Politics speaks for itself. 
  is speaking at today's Hispanics in Politics forum about important issues, such as climate change and access t…
William Ruckelshaus was our country’s first EPA admin ; a moral leader who defied Nixon during the Watergate scandal. He will be remembered as one who did the right thing when it was inconvenient to do so. Let us honor his legacy by doing the same in these troubling times.
The corporate stranglehold hurts our most vulnerable workers, especially in the retail sector and during the holiday season on days like  and  As president, I’ll raise the minimum wage, strengthen unions, and protect workers. No more "business as usual."
From our home to yours, Happy Thanksgiving! 
Today on  I’m grateful for many things—that I get to be your voice in this fight, for your trust in our shared vision, and for what we’ve achieved together through grassroots effort. I don’t take a moment of it for granted.
Compassion should be common sense. My wife Kat and I are honored to do our part here in California. 
As Americans, it’s our duty to leave our collective campsite cleaner and better tended than we found it. 
I’m grateful for my family and for opportunities to be together. I'm grateful for my country and a chance to serve the American people. And I'm grateful for this photo—a reminder to everyone not to take themselves too seriously. 
Sending support to my friends in Florida as they fight the good fight!  
Every minute we delay action on climate, we are perpetuating the destruction of the very things that keep human life on earth. We must act now on climate—there’s no other option. 
We need a Congress that looks more like America. 
 YESTERDAY: The United Nations found🏭 It’s crucial to keep global warming below 2°C🏭 We’re on track to rise to 3.9°C by…
To the Santa Barbara community, please follow evacuation orders and take steps to keep yourselves and your families safe.The climate crisis is already here, and there’s no time left for denial or half steps. 
 "We have to get to carbon-neutral," told the "Is it going to be a heavy lift? Yeah. Are we going to…
Thank you to for the important work you do to take care of San Francisco’s most vulnerable community members and for welcoming my family and I to take part. 
The gun debate isn’t a conversation about the Second Amendment. It is a conversation about corruption and cowardice. Members of Congress should be held accountable to the people — not special interests and gun manufacturers. 
 “Presidents are not kings”
 Check this out - is now in 4th place in the early primary states according to Morning Consult! That's up from…
 🚨🚨 surges into 4th place in early states poll!  
Agree that Congress shouldn’t be a lifetime appointment? Sign on to my petition for term limits: 
I am the strongest candidate to take on our climate crisis. Learn about all I’ve done these past 10 years. I’ll let you in on a little secret: I’m just getting started.
We need new blood in Congress. 
  on Presidential Push in Nevada “From the sound of the applause, it was very lively. A real kin…
For too long justice has been absent in our nation’s housing policies. My plan confronts America’s history of racist housing policies that continue to keep communities of color from accessing the wealth-building opportunities that home ownership brings. 
“Trump cares about Trump. Trump cares about the Trump brand and the Trump show. Trump will reduce this country to rubble before he will submit to correction. And, he’ll portray our destruction as his greatest show.”
Our housing crisis is directly tied to the deep inequality we see across the country. My plan invests in sustainable housing solutions to get working families homes they can afford—because where you send your kids to school and the quality of the air you breathe matters. 
People around the world are standing up for freedom against autocrats and insiders—including right here at home. Fantastic. 
Actions speak louder than words.
 The best way to spread  cheer is speaking direct to camera for all to hear.  
I joined some old classmates in Rye Harbor, NH, to discuss how climate change is affecting our old stomping grounds. 
Today we remember Jordan Davis, son of We must do more to protect young black men in America.   
 Our student bodies, including our athletes, are united in our commitment to endowment justice and transparency!
These students have it right—nobody wins when we’re complicit in climate injustice. Institutions like Harvard and Yale must be leaders in the fight to address the climate crisis. 
Do the math—this is a classic example of the corporate stranglehold at work.
I love America and all its people from sea to shining sea. 
We need a candidate prepared to treat climate change like the existential threat it is. As president, I will use the emergency powers of the presidency to take on the climate crisis and protect the American people.
Actions speak louder than words. I commend your choice to put our environment first. 
I've fought for clean energy alongside for years. He is a proven leader of the battle born Silver State, and other leaders around the country would be wise to follow his example. 
I like Senator and respect the work she’s done in Congress. This isn’t about TV ads or money—it’s about making climate a priority, ending business as usual in DC, and exposing Trump as the fraud and failure he’s been on the economy. 
Who wore it better? 
Yesterday, I had the pleasure of meeting with Martin Luther King III and legendary Activist/Ambassador Andrew Young. I want to thank them both for the contributions and leadership they’ve offered this country for over half a century. 
Congress is not supposed to be a lifetime appointment. 
To the silence-breakers and survivors who’ve shouldered the burden of sharing and pushing for accountability, I see you, stand with you, and as president, vow to fight for meaningful reform on your behalf. 
 if you want to be depicted favorably, you should behave better. 
 Daily LiesBorder wallsMuslim bansKids in cagesNRA grovelingPatriot trashingFear mongeringDictator praising…
We now have branches in CA, OR and WA, whose profits fund affordable homes for low-income families, create renewable energy, support minority businesses and businesses owned by workers, provide spaces for art, educate our youth, and help nonprofit organizations.
My wife and I founded Beneficial State Bank as an alternative to the big financial institutions that have treated communities and the planet so badly. The profits from the bank don’t line our pockets, they are reinvested into the community and used to promote the public good.
 Hey there Twitter are you ready to hear Tom Steyer answer questions that matter to Indivisibles? We hope so because we…
Homelessness isn't a political bargaining chip. Housing policy is where inequality starts and it's an issue that requires attention and action. 
Save the world. Do it together. Are you with me? 
To all my supporters and hard-working volunteers: thank you. 
  speaks to NAN: "I draw a cross on my hand every day to try to remind myself to do the right thing no matter what h…
  "Every single issue in the United States has an overt racial component to it, and policy comes from narrative. An…
 “It’s impossible to ask people from around the world to follow our lead if we’re not doing the right thing ourselves.” 
 “I’ve said to him, he has to embrace the wealth tax or I don’t think he can represent the Democratic party.” said M…
 This was a really decent, cool move by to stick up for my dad Thank you,  
 is worth $111 billion. If we implemented a wealth tax at just 1%, we'd have an extra $1.1 billion to invest in deteriorating infrastructure or affordable housing or climate change mitigation. And that's from just ONE rich guy paying his taxes. We need a wealth tax. 
Through my work organizing communities across the country, I have always put my trust in the American people—now I’m asking you to put your trust in me. Together we can save our burning planet and fix our broken democracy. Please join me: 
Mr. Trump is presiding over an organized attack on democracy through voter suppression, disenfranchisement, and gerrymandering. It’s deliberately flouting the rule of law, and it’s got to stop. 
Abortion is health care, and the right to choose has been under sustained, strategic attack. We cannot take away the basic right to bodily autonomy. As president, I vow to protect Roe v. Wade. 
This country was founded with legalized injustice and racism. If we’re going to move forward, we’ve got to call out the racism that exists across every area of our society. And we need real, tangible solutions—starting with reparations. 
 “[The climate crisis] is a state of emergency, and I would declare a state of emergency on day one. I would use the emergency…
Mr. Trump vilifies people by race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, and gender. If we don't see our progress in terms of accepting people as full human beings and citizens as critical measurements of who we are and what we stand for, we've blown it. 
 WATCH: Tom Steyer says he would use the emergency powers of the presidency to address climate change "on day one" of his potenti…
 Climate policy will have to inform every policy if we’re going to solve this crisis.“How we build units, where people live…
 Im thankful has waged war on the climate issue and the same.  You can’t argue facts that he’s put his $…
 YES, It’s time to address  and create millions of good-paying  jobs to do it! 
Donald Trump has tarnished our global standing by cozying up to our enemies and alienating our allies with broken promises. I will rebuild our global alliances into a coalition that will work together to solve the urgent challenges that we all face. 
We have the power to fix the climate crisis facing our planet. We can do it, and create millions of good paying union jobs in the process. So when we’re asked, how are we going to pull this country together, how about this: We save the world, and we do it together. 
10 years ago, I came to the conclusion that climate is the existential problem of our society—the unintended consequence of an economy based on fossil fuels. Now, we need to come together and make it our top priority. If it’s not number one, it’s not going to get done. 
We need a candidate prepared to treat climate change like the existential threat it is. As president, I will use the emergency powers of the presidency to take on the climate crisis and protect the American people. 
We’re a full hour into this debate and there have been zero questions about how we’re going to protect our planet for the next generation. The climate crisis is already here. We don’t have time for denial or half-steps. Why aren’t we talking about it? 
There is no way to think about inequality without realizing that housing is at the center of it. We’ve got to direct resources towards building housing that is affordable—and just as critically, housing that is sustainable. 
Americans need someone in their corner fighting for a living wage and paid family leave. I vow to work on behalf of all Americans—not just those at the top. 
It’s time to hold the most corrupt president in history to account. No one is above the law. 
We need Congressional term limits. Why? Mitch McConnellLindsey GrahamChuck GrassleyCongress shouldn’t be a lifetime appointment.
I’m going after what I believe are the biggest problems in America with my money, my time, and my values. If that's the worst thing I do, I'll accept that. 
Health care is a right, and no one should have to choose between health and bankruptcy. 
As a billionaire, I’m entitled under current law to pay less in taxes than most Americans. That’s not right. As a former investor, I can tell you: trickle-down economics just don’t work. 
It’s as clear to me this week as it was two years ago: Donald Trump is a fraud, a failure, and a criminal. Impeachment is a moral imperative—and long overdue. 
I joined this race in July because I couldn't sleep at night knowing I didn't do everything in my power to save our democracy, and I'd be remiss if I didn't stop to express my gratitude to all who helped me get here. To all my supporters and hard-working volunteers: thank you.
I've said it before and I'll say it again—every Democratic candidate is more decent, more coherent, and more patriotic than the criminal in the White House. See you on the debate stage tonight!
This. 
My people. 
Decisions. 
I'm excited for tonight’s debate! I plan to put our climate emergency front and center and explain my vision for fixing our broken democracy. I hope you’ll tune in at 9pm EST on 
 Today we recognize Transgender Day of Remembrance. We mourn the losses of transgender people to violence that we are awar…
 The average Latina makes just 54 cents for every $1 a white man makes! Ask your reps what they're going to do to realistically…
Every person deserves a workplace free of harassment, abuse, and toxicity—and that includes a workplace free from leaders who enable or cover up misconduct. Comcast must conduct an independent investigation and be held accountable. 
This is a major victory for grassroots communities who have been living with the burden of having oil drilling in their backyards for too long. We need to take on Big Oil and corporate polluters nationwide and enact a Green New Deal.
 in ATL being introduced by President Kathy Adams      
  discusses his support for a wealth tax and reining in corporate influence on government.Full interview: htt…
Why we need Congressional term limits, in six words:Mitch McConnellLindsey GrahamChuck Grassley 
In case you missed it, here's my full interview from last night! 
 "The key in this race is who can tell the truth about America. Who can tell the important deferential truth and be trusted to…
 Then, at 6:00PM ET on Thursday, we’ll be joined by a leader in both the conversations around climate chang…
Every worker in America deserves a living wage. It's time we put people over profits. 
I couldn’t have gotten yesterday’s 4th qualifying poll without this team’s hard work. I wasn’t able to congratulate them in person, but I’m glad I was able to call in to a staff meeting from the trail to tell them how proud I am to do this work together. History in the making!
 Your daily reminder that none of this would be happening if we hadn't taken back the House in 2018.Elections matter.
Mr. Trump, the walls are closing in on you. 
If you couldn’t tell, I had an absolute blast tonight on with Be sure to tune in to at 11 pm EST. Spoiler Alert: I’m wearing my tartan tie. Photos: 
 TONIGHT: Democratic presidential candidate is here!📸: 
For as long as they’ve existed,  have been underfunded and left to do more with less—all while producing some of the world’s most brilliant leaders. An attack on these institutions is just another page from the GOP’s racist playbook. 
Let’s be direct about the border crisis: Separating families is torturing children. It’s unconstitutional and it's un-American. 
I founded and committed to funding its essential work through 2020 because I believe the  is ultimately what will save our democracy. 
 your leadership protects our democracy. 
Mr. Trump’s crimes and coverups are unraveling before the eyes of our nation.
 If you haven't, please consider donating to to get him on the debate stage in December so he can make his case th…
I’m grateful to all of my supporters for helping us reach this point, and I can’t wait to make you all proud on the debate stage. To make sure I get there, I’m asking you to chip in $1 towards the grassroots donor requirement today:  
 Check out on show tonight! 
7 dead, 6 injured, two shootings less than 24 hours apart—it’s past time to take action for families torn apart by gun violence. If Congress won’t take action, I will. Today, I grieve with the Fresno and Duncan communities and think about ways to couple words with action.
Health care is a human right. Learn more about my plan to ensure quality health care for all:  
As part of my commitment to slowing climate change, my campaign will plant a tree in the name of every active volunteer. Will you join   
 🎉 Debate watch party with Team Tom THIS Wednesday at 6:30 🎉Don't forget - wear your best tartan! to an Iowa Tea…
 hanging out with NV Speaker of the House   
 greeting at the First in The West Event in Las Vegas 
 This is what a REAL grassroots community looks like! We have a full house of family, friends, and community leaders who kno…
 comes out to a standing ovation in Las Vegas at his campaign HQ! 
  Here we come! Our Nevada community is excited and ready to support  
 We had the blessing of a dinner with 4/6 (human) family members, 1/3 of the musical talent, and sadly 0/3 of the 🐕 family me…
The Silver State’s caucus is less than 100 days away, and I’m so proud of our fantastic, diverse, battle-tested team of Nevada organizers who are hard at work talking to voters. We’re building a strong community and together, I know we can win. 
 "As dramatic as it may seem that Trump effectively interrupted a witness’s testimony to attack her as she spoke, this was…
 The  town hall with and members from and had lots great discussions on…
 Tonight, spoke with the passion and emotion I’ve seen when he speaks about the climate crisis in private, to an a…
Mr. Trump—are you hearing the footsteps from Kentucky and Louisiana? Are you getting scared? Very scared? Good.
If climate is not number one, it's not going to get done. 
 BREAKING: Louisiana’s John Bel Edwards stuns GOP, wins reelection to a second term as the Deep South’s only Democratic governor.
 The👏Blue👏Wave👏Is👏Here👏To👏Stay.Congratulations, 
David Holmes’ closed door testimony reinforces what we already know: is a champion of corruption whose self interests take precedence over the presidency and the reputation of the United States of America. 
 New from long insisted the the impeachment hearings be made public so voters could see and hear a…
 Candidates lined up to address women. on deck 
 Presidential candidate pops into the Chicano Latino Caucus meeting at the convention — he says he’s built p…
 Another spotting: answering questions at the Chicano Latino Caucus, was asked about Bolivia 
 recruits, trains, ; connects people interested in working on political campaigns all over the U.S. Let’s carry our momentum into 2020. Join the movement. Apply now.  
Kat Taylor and I signed the Giving Pledge in 2010 because we relish the opportunity to do our part. It's our pleasure as much as our obligation.  
Ambassador Yovanovitch's testimony is why we called for public hearings: The American people are seeing Donald Trump's crimes and attempted coverups laid bare. Bravo, 
Hey buddy Roger is facing 20 years for exactly the witness intimidation you attempted this morning on Amb.  Looks like she's not scared of you, and the wheels are coming off.
 NEWS: Longtime NH environmental and political activist Dudley Dudley endorses Tom Steyer for President. Dudley endorsed…
 "The impeachment hearings of President Donald Trump went public this week, a move presidential candidate has cal…
Leon, stop the crying and name calling. Senator is right—we have a moral responsibility to deal with the inequality in America, and a wealth tax is an important part of the solution.
Together, we can make change happen. 
 5 things you didn’t know about courtesy of When running for President is a family affair, no fun f…
 Yay! The silver state coming through again. Excited that will be on the debate stage next week and that he is…
 Last week on a panel, some colleagues told me that the news media is doing a good job covering the climate crisis. I disagr…
 "These kids don't care if you're Republican or Democrat. They don't care who your parents voted for. They just want to go school…
Climate change cannot wait. 
The start of public impeachment hearings remind us that with determination, persistence, and grassroots organizing, we can accomplish anything. Will you contribute $1 to ensure my voice is heard at next month’s debate? 
 We legislate. We investigate. We litigate. And yesterday, we had an important victory in our lawsuit to confirm Congress…
My parents taught me early on about the value of helping others, the importance of action, and showing up to do what’s right. I am who I am because of them. 
I recently sat down w/ to discuss corporate accountability, and how I plan on prioritizing Black communities if elected president. Listen to my interview on the  podcast:  
We desperately need commonsense gun reform. Gun violence is a public health crisis and it's time for the interests of the NRA to take a backseat to the safety of our children. The Santa Clarita community is in my prayers this morning. 
My administration will fight for full reproductive justice—across all gender identities. Reproductive choice should be between patients and their doctors. 
The corporate stranglehold not only applies to the fossil fuel industry and big pharma, but also to the quality of our public education. It’s time to cut the cord and stop corporate corruption from putting our young people in debt for simply pursuing the American dream. 
 This Friday, Drake Dems will sit down for a meet and greet at Mars Cafe with Kat Taylor, CEO of Beneficial State Bank ; wife…
 💯 earns an A, scoring 100/100 with scorecard on paid family ; medical leave for prioritizin…
I’m calling on all campaigns in the race for the Democratic nomination to join me in only flying commercial. Flying private simply cannot come at the expense of our planet. 
 Kat Taylor talking with former IA Ag Secretary and Lt Gov, Patty Judge about their shared passion for farming and the nee…
 Every report, every testimony, comes down to this: Donald Trump thinks he’s above the law.It’s up to Congress to show him th…
Yesterday, I filed to be on the 2020 New Hampshire presidential primary ballot. Thanks to my wife and partner in all things, Kat, and to the local leaders who joined us. Special thanks to former Exec. Councilor Dudley Dudley for formally joining TeamTom with an endorsement. 
 “If ever the time should come, when vain and aspiring men shall possess the highest seats in government, our country will…
For two years, we’ve been advocating for public impeachment hearings to expose this president’s crimes, corruption, and coverups. To the volunteers who visited their representatives, wrote postcards, and made phone calls, this is happening because of you. When we organize, win. 
 ▶️ Watch Live: Digital Town Hall with  candidate with host 
Today, the biggest trial in history begins—the real time impeachment of the most powerful man in the world. Don’t miss history as it unfolds. The decision is in our hands. 
 A short time ago, officially filed for the 2020 New Hampshire presidential primary. The billionaire Democrat also rec…
Rural communities are the backbone of America. The corporate stranglehold has left these communities to grapple with crumbling infrastructure, dwindling economic opportunities, and a lack of access to health care. We can and must do better. 
 You might never get to read the entire  transcript on  but you should at least know that they are ruling on t…
The Supreme Court must put an end to the uncertainty faced on a daily basis by those young people living in limbo or unable to reapply for the  program. Immigrants make our nation great — their  The future of our country depends on them. 
I'm somebody who believes in God. Religion, for me, helps me identify my values and understand my purpose of being on this planet. My faith brings me great joy. 
Former President Jimmy Carter has my deepest respect. My prayers are with him and his family as he recovers from brain surgery today.
This is about right and wrong, and we have a duty as Americans to hold our elected officials accountable. No one is above the law.
Today on  I ask you to consider if you know someone who should run for office — and then to ask yourself if that person could be YOU. We need progressive leaders at all levels of government. Are you in? 
I’m proud to have Tony on my team, and today I stand in solidarity with him and all Dreamers. These young people are part of the fabric of our country, and their  
Only one person here is “diverting attention from reality,” — and the reality is that we need a wealth tax.
My mother believed that being a good American required giving back. She is a motivating force behind the man I am today. 
   Town Hall with Got questions? Come see us live at the WGBH News studios at the
No matter who is in the Oval Office, our veterans deserve to come home to a country that welcomes them back with affordable housing, complete health care coverage, access to well-paying jobs, and dedicated resources to help navigate the hurdles they must overcome.  
Roy Steyer was many things — a devoted father and husband, a lawyer who helped prosecute Nazis at Nuremberg, and a United States veteran. Today, I am reflecting on my father's legacy and the great many ways he lives on in my life through the values he instilled.  
Veterans deserve both our respect and our promise to take care of them and their families. Today and always, I’m thinking of our brave servicemembers and their great sacrifices made in the service of the United States of America.  
Today, we honor our nation's veterans.  
  had ton of momenTOM tonight! message is resonating with folks. It's awesome that voters see Tom for wh…
How a president acts is a guide for everybody in society. The way you behave, and the way you treat people, and the example that you set are incredibly important. 
 talking to student reporters after the  Youth votes matter, youth voices matter!…
I’m not running for president to impeach Donald Trump—I’m running for president to put power back in the hands of the American people. That’s what this is work is all about. 
  walks off of stage after the  ; first thing he says is “I love town halls.” He also l…
I want to be part of a positive force in this country and a positive force on this planet. 
I just stepped off stage from my  in Iowa, and I want to thank everyone so much for this opportunity to talk about how we’re going to fix our broken system. I believe the American people are decent, brave, and compassionate—and together, we can get this done.
 30 minutes until takes the stage at live  at 
I’m headed to the stage in Grinnell, Iowa! I’ll be discussing my plans to fix our broken government, address economic and environmental injustice, and much more. Will you be watching? 
I’m with you, America. 
 What should Iowa voters ask presidential candidate Tom Steyer at the next CNN Town Hall? Watch the businessman take questions live…
Thank you for having me, 
  "I don't think [Michael Bloomberg] should run unless he's willing to commit to it because he's one of the people…
 Tom Steyer speaks with the Register's editorial board Nov. 1, 2019. 
 "I have said that climate is the number one priority of my presidency and that I'll declare a state of emergency on day one."…
 What should Iowa voters ask presidential candidate Tom Steyer at the next CNN Town Hall? Watch the businessman take questions live…
Yesterday, our team provided water to people in need in Denmark, SC, where their government has failed them. The people of Denmark have an exceptional leader in activists like my friend Deanna Miller Berry, but it is not enough — please join me in supporting this community. 
It was my honor to attend the first ever Presidential Forum on Environmental Justice at I am grateful for the work of for hosting this event and for their work ensuring the voices of activists across the country are heard. 
I’m someone who believes that people like me, who have been so lucky and have had a chance to build a business from scratch, have a huge responsibility back to the American people—and to America itself—for the advantages we’ve had. We need a wealth tax. 
 "I have said that climate is the number one priority of my presidency and that I'll declare a state of emergency on day one."…
This is not a question of political maneuvering, this is a question of right and wrong. It’s time for this president to be held to account for his crimes, his corruption, and his coverups. 
People like Mike Bloomberg and me, who have done very well in the current economic system, have a moral responsibility to address the wealth gap. A wealth tax is central to bringing forth the progressive plans we need. If Mike doesn’t support one, he shouldn’t run.
If Mike Bloomberg does not support a wealth tax, he should not run for president. In order to fund progressive policies like universal health care and a Green New Deal, the Democratic nominee in 2020 must support asking the wealthy to pay more—period.
Once power is restored to the people, we’re going to get everything we want: health care as a right, the education our kids deserve, a living wage, and clean air and water. We can have it all. 
  on endorsement by SC State Rep. Russell Ott: "I am extremely honored by that, I am also humbled by that." 
Yesterday, I saw South Carolina’s Okatie Cyanide Dump in person. It's a serious hazard, it's against the law, and what's worse, it neighbors an elementary school, putting children at risk. This is unacceptable. We need a justice-centered climate plan.  
Catch me this Sunday on at 4pm PST/7pm EST. I’ll be the one in the plaid tie. 
 I honestly believe can be the one to bridge the gap and lead the conversation on taxing the 1% of the 1%, pro…
As President, I pledge to direct the full power and resources of the federal government to build inclusive economic prosperity for all Americans — including the nearly 60 million who call rural America home. 
Tomorrow night, I will take part in the 2019 Forum on Environmental Climate Justice. Have a question for me? Submit it at  and be sure to tune in at 3:00pm PST/6:00pm EST to hear my answer.  
Grassroots movements change hearts and minds. That’s why I founded NextGen America, and why I have committed to continue my support for its essential work. 
I'm with you, 
Thank you to the for all you do to ensure quality education and equitable opportunities for all. I stand with you in the continued fight to advocate for our nation’s students and educators. 
It’s about time the American people heard the truth. 
 a wealth tax is the right thing to do. Don’t panic - you’ll be alright. 
I grew up believing in the value of helping others, the importance of action, and doing what’s right—that includes showing up to defend those values. 
I have always believed in the power of the grassroots—it's why I founded NextGen America and continue to support their hard work. Their dedication helped flip Virginia last night. Extremely proud of the effort and investment. 
If the richest Americans pay our fair share, we can afford universal health care, quality education, and Social Security. Just pennies in taxes on the 160,000 richest families in this country would raise $1 trillion. We need a wealth tax. 
Very pleased to see that Gina McCarthy will be the new president of NRDC. This is a critical job, and she will do it superbly. A great choice. 
 Presidential candidate is in Milwaukee to join members at today's  town hall. Tune in to…
 Clean water is a basic human right. statement on impending Iowa Supreme Court decision. It's on the governme…
It was an honor to be a part of  We must take humanity into account when we talk about criminal justice reform. 
I launched Need to Impeach, a movement of over 8.3 million Americans, two years ago to hold Donald Trump accountable and to show that in this country, no one is above the law. A public inquiry is the best and fairest way to shine a light on Donald Trump’s crimes and corruption. 
Last night's victories are a clarion call for the American people. We reject the divisive and bigoted Republican policies that hurt families and give corporations unchecked power.
 The will host the Presidential Forum on  on Fri., Nov. 8 at 6 p.m. The forum will be held…
The world must wake up. We can’t sweep climate change under the rug any longer. 
 The  admin has weakened rules for how coal companies can dispose of toxic coal ash—a pollutant that puts human he…
 Presidential candidate sit down for breakfast with MKE voters. The democrat will hold 2 other campaign events…
 In our latest IndyMatters podcast, I sat down with to talk about his concerns on Medicare for all, the Anacon…
Without guaranteed access to quality education, there is no such thing as equal opportunity. Teachers' unions fight every day for better schools and a brighter future. I look forward to speaking with today.
 Democratic presidential candidate Tom Steyer in Milwaukee at El Rey Market. 
When televised hearings begin next week, we'll see even more of this: The Truth. Sondland's testimony and reversal is why impeachment matters. 
When we organize and show up, we win. 
I will make climate change the number one priority of my presidency. We must build a clean energy economy to make us healthier, wealthier, and safer. If we delay, we threaten millions of species on earth and our own futures. The choice is clear. 
Join me this Sunday on to hear how we can address the climate crisis and break the corporate stranglehold on our government. 
I just voted in California—and polls are still open in Virginia! Find your polling place here and make your voice heard today:  
 Tom's message is resonating across Iowa. He released his rural plan here because it was informed by stories we  an…
No one should have to work more than one job just to survive. I stand with workers because their fight against is about treating employees with dignity and honoring their labor. 
Last night, our campaign was blessed by Latina leaders and moms in the Las Vegas community. Many thanks to Lupe Arreola for her wisdom and especially the homemade mole! We are forever grateful. 
Young people want to roll up their sleeves and tackle big challenges. I will channel this energetic spirit into a historic $50 billion expansion of our public service programs to empower the next generation to make a difference. 
It’s Election Day. When Americans show up and vote⁠—we win. Every election counts, so let’s 
90 days to Iowa! We’re knocking on thousands of doors to make sure every Iowan is heard. I know the best solutions come from working alongside the grassroots. Join me at  
 . to host a Democratic presidential town hall with moderated by on Sunday, November 10 at 7pm ET…
I was deeply disappointed to learn of this situation, and have personally reached out to To every organizer who is putting in the work for a candidate they believe in: I'm grateful for your efforts. Your hard work is what will defeat Donald Trump in 2020. 
If we want a change in Washington, we have to break the corporate stranglehold. 
I was traveling with our fearless Nevada state director when we got the news about our second qualifying poll for the December debate. If you don't know Joz yet, you will. I can't thank her enough for her leadership on  
The climate crisis needs a global solution. Donald Trump's blatant rejection of the Paris Agreement creates a leadership vacuum and will slow down international cooperation on climate. He is dragging the world backwards, and putting American lives at risk.
 Happening NOW: Democratic presidential candidate is having a discussion with voters at a  in 
Thank you, Nevada! We had a great time opening our new office over the weekend. With your energy and enthusiasm, we will defeat Donald Trump. 
In 100 days New Hampshire will honor their important job of being the first primary in the nation. I look forward to my next trip to the Granite State!  
We are experiencing a global climate crisis and need solutions that reflect the scale of the problem. Climate change cannot wait. It would be my top priority as president. 
Congress is not supposed to be a lifetime appointment. 
You can draw a direct line from Donald Trump’s irrational and impulsive foreign policy to the deterioration of global cooperation. The world needs American leadership. 
 Democratic presidential hopefuls ; will participate in an 
Tomorrow, November 5th, is election day. Change starts at the grassroots. I am grateful to all those who organized and knocked doors—including our team who is on the ground in Virginia. 
Talk is cheap, spent his weekend running emergency relief and recovery for Californians. We need a president who understands the climate crisis and who will work with leaders like Governor Newsom across the U.S.
 New from After the LJ Dinner, toured through SE Iowa, pitching his anti-corruption plan to restor…
We are exactly a year out from the 2020 election. What a special time to be in West Burlington, Iowa, with an engaged crowd who shares my belief that when we unite, we win. 
Every democratic candidate is more decent, more coherent, and more patriotic than the criminal in the White House. No matter who wins the nomination, we must all stand together to defeat Donald Trump. 
 talking term limits to 65+ people in Burlington this morning. “6 words: Mitch McConnell, Lindsey Graham, and C…
Health care is a human right.
Not only is this unsustainable, it threatens the health and safety of all Americans, and the land we call home. 
“California is burning while the deniers fight the standards that can help us all.” 
Standing up for all Americans⁠—that is the job. 
 in a packed farmhouse in Fairfield Iowa talking about his Partnership with Rural Communities plan. Huge shouto…
Proud of our team for getting out the vote in Virginia today! When we organize, we win.  
  on his Need to Impeach organization: “I looked at (Donald Trump) and thought, my god, that’s a bad egg. 
Oil pipelines like Keystone present unacceptable risks to landowners, tribal communities, and our climate. Mr. Trump and Big Oil are ok with that as long as they profit.As president, I will end the approval of dangerous new fossil fuel infrastructure. 
 Great speech last night by Truth, unity, and action are the only things that will win us this election!  ht…
 Our National Distributed Organizing Director, Clarice Criss is also in Virginia getting the vote out!  
 talking to undecided voters at the studio! Less than a hundred days from the caucus and most Iowans…
Last night, I had the pleasure of addressing the energetic crowd at  I know together we can beat Donald Trump and fix our broken government. Thank you, Iowa. 
 telling 13,000 democrats at the  that the “liberal pipedream” of impeaching our criminal president was ma…
 "I thought it was my duty to show up, to show that this is something I care about, these these are people who I do need…
Thank you, for your leadership and commitment to fighting for your community. The work to end gun violence in America is stronger because of your voice and the fight is far from over.
Today is the start of Native American Heritage month, an important time to pay tribute to the ancestry and traditions of America’s first residents. I stand with native populations and express my deepest respect today, this month, and always.
 WATCH: He's a conservationist, activist ; billionaire-trying to shake up the race for the White House. Why does
 Tom Steyer plans to modernize the energy grid, partner with family farmers, improve mental health services and expand broad…
 In Iowa this morning, released his Partnerships with Rural Communities plan, which would invest billions in rural a…
Open enrollment begins today. Every American needs to  
America is powered by rural communities, yet they are too often left behind by the corrupting influence of corporate America. My Partnerships with Rural Communities will empower Americans who live in rural areas by building a foundation of connectivity. 
Together we can connect Americans in rural areas to the prosperity they deserve. Read the full framework for my Partnerships with Rural Communities here:  
Discrimination should not be allowed under the cloak of religious liberty. 
No one should be forced to work more than one full-time job just to survive. 
 COFFEE BREAK: Campaign season? Sioux City hosted ... 1 candidate event in October  
 NEW: wide ranging rural plan from out this morning - tying his focus on tackling climate change with rural…
In the last year, Martin County, KY’s water rates have gone up 41%—after years of  unsafe drinking water. Everyone should have the right to breathe fresh air and drink clean water, free from industrial poisons.  
The impeachment process is about the restoration of democracy, and the people of the U.S. are finally being heard. 
The American people know the difference between right and wrong. 
Congratulations to the brave teachers who stood up and spoke out for their students and themselves. 
 I sat down with billionaire activist and presidential candidate this week. Preview 👇🏾👇🏾👇🏾where he ... bris…
We’re the most successful country—ever. We don’t have a failed country. We have a failed government. 
 This AM's Power Up: A liberal fantasy no more -- Need to Impeach campaign comes full circle with House vote.…
  who has poured millions into a pro-impeachment effort: "I am confident that holding public hearings and showi…
Our team is on the ground in Virginia because every election counts. 
Two years ago, the political establishment told me I was wrong to call for Donald Trump’s impeachment. Today, the House votes to begin public hearings. When we organize, we win.
 WATCH: pool ; politics with as we go "lightning round" on critical issues. Catch this ; our extended conversati…
  on  " ... a relative latecomer to a crowded field, today's [impeachment] vote is an affirm…
This country and our institutions were built on the backs of slaves. It is time we publicly accept this original sin and talk about reparations. 
Rex Tillerson and the fossil fuel industry lied about the climate crisis while continuing to expand drilling. This is an ecological crime against humanity. 
I hope everyone who has needed to evacuate due to the California wildfires is staying safe. For resources on power outages, shelters, transportation, and health services: 
Our democracy is worth saving. 
We have to address the climate crisis globally with global cooperation. 
We have to stop choosing gun rights over the lives of our neighbors. This decision is an affront to victims of gun violence everywhere. 
 Voter turnout at Iowa State nearly doubled between 2014 and 2018. organization, has been wor…
Lt. Col. Alexander Vind­man is a patriot. Donald Trump is not.
 T-6 days until election day (; T-5 until my bday woot!) Zoning, transit, schools are all on the ballot! in IA will…
The Emoluments Clause is straightforward. It's illegal to profit from the presidency. 
 "Would you spend your last dollar to get rid of this president?" "I would spend my last dollar to save the A…
The only way out of this Constitutional crisis is impeachment and removal. If the Republicans believe Donald Trump's behavior is acceptable, they should have to say so on the Congressional record. 
For the third year in a row the people of California are dealing with catastrophic fires that become more dangerous every day. We've waited three decades for Congress to do something, and they've failed to act. I'd declare a climate emergency on day one. 
Incarcerated firefighters get paid virtually nothing to put their lives on the line for these wildfires, but are mostly ineligible for employment upon release. Those who have served their time and risked everything to defend our families deserve better. 
This is what the corporate stranglehold looks like⁠—an entire industry that is legally allowed to prey upon working Americans. 
 Tonight on  Vindman testifies and the latest on the impeachment inquiry wit
 Is there a Pulitzer category for interviewing presidential candidates at dive bars? I sipped on a Corruption brew.
 "My mother was a teacher in the New York public schools but she taught reading at the Brooklyn House of Detention by choice."…
Good. 
Big polluting corporations and Donald Trump both love to abuse the bankruptcy system to make workers and the environment pay for their bad business decisions. Under my administration they won’t get away with it. 
 NEW: Highlights from today's Justice Votes 2020 forum with ; at E. State Penitentiary…
 Primary 2020: questions during The Exchange Candidate Forum on how he came to launch the 'Need to Impe…
The only way we prevail against the worst is by investing in our best. We need to give first and second responders the resources they need to fight the climate crisis on the front lines. 
Language matters. They’re at war with the facts and science. Americans need an administration that will take the climate crisis head on.  
 "policymakers have yet to learn that trade wars are not easy to win. In fact trade wars come with a tremendous cost to fa…
 Thank you for committing your time to having a conversation with formerly incarcerated movement leaders and…
No matter what your lawyers tell you—no one is above the law, Mr. Trump. 
Today, as wildfires rage across California, I am especially grateful to those who answer the call of service. Thank you paramedics, emergency medical technicians, police officers, firefighters, and rescuers for your bravery. 
This is what the impeachment movement has always been about. We need a public trial so the American people can see for ourselves the extent of Mr. Trump's corruption. Today I'm proud of the millions of Need to Impeach petition signers and activists who fought for these hearings. 
Sen. Kay Hagan was a passionate and committed advocate for the people of North Carolina. We need more leaders like her. She will be missed.
Thank you to ; for today's  town hall. Our broken criminal justice system has a profound effect on communities of color in the U.S. Simply reforming it is not enough, we must TRANSFORM it.
 “The first step we have to take is making sure that [formerly incarcerated people] have the full rights of American citi…
  at  
 At  TMP's asks about the use of mandatory minimums and sentencing reform: "What…
  “There’s no way to talk about the criminal justice system without talking about race. And there’s no way to tal…
 "In California, it is $84K to keep a person in prison for a year. We spend $14K to keep a kid in school." - o…
  at  on the racist roots of mass incarceration and the path forward: "It's getting power to p…
 Presidential Candidate has taken the stage at  in Philadelphia, watch live here: 
 Don't miss today's  presidential town hall, where Democratic candidates — including
Donald Trump and his family are lining their pockets with taxpayer money. It's wrong. It's also unconstitutional. 
We are in a fight for our lives, and the president isn't doing anything to help us. In fact, he's making things worse. 
 2020 CANDIDATES JOIN PRISON TOWN HALL: For the first time ever, formerly incarcerated people are hosting a presidential to…
We need a government that will take the climate crisis seriously. 
 Don’t miss today’s  presidential town hall, where Democratic candidates — including
We don't need more evidence that Donald Trump is unfit for office, but here are 41 more reasons⁠—in just one speech. Impeach and remove him. 
  will be live today at 1PM in Philly at We’ll talk  with 2020 hopefuls
 LIVE in Studio D for the candidate interview with Democrat  Listen on the radio, stream o…
 Tune in right now for our in-depth  conversation with on 'Issues Effecting NH's Middle Class'. Listen l…
Please be safe if you’re in an area impacted by the  evacuation orders, and look out for friends, family, and neighbors. For those evacuating, there are emergency shelters available:  
I founded NextGen America to empower the next generation of leaders to stand up and speak out. In 2018, around 60% of NextGen’s 40 House targets flipped from red to blue. 
 it was great meeting you at the Town Hall meeting with medical professionals 
  College played host today to  and the 
Happy Diwali—to all who celebrate the Hindu festival of lights, I wish you happiness and prosperity.
 Today I got to bring my 9 year old son to meet presidential candidate ; listen while I participated on a panel…
 With Presidential candidate at a Medical Society Roundtable discussion  on small town/ rural medical care.
 Excited to have join us for a  Presidential Primary Rounds conversation around rural health care this aft…
  share his work to create to advance action around climate change. We know children today will be…
They know they're fighting a losing battle. The question isn't if but when we’ll move away from the pollution of fossil fuels and towards a clean energy economy. 
 "Every Democrat running for President is more coherent, more competent, and more honest than the criminal in the White House."…
New Hampshire is beautiful. It’s a gorgeous autumn day in the Granite State. 
 100 days until the Iowa caucus! Kip is ready to get out there and listen and learn about what people care about and what…
Americans know that climate change cannot wait. 
 is right. We deserve a Congress made up of more than career politicians. That's why I propose a term limit of 12 total years that would allow our representatives to focus on doing what’s right, not just getting re-elected. 
Betsy DeVos profits off student loans while she implements federal policies that keep students under crushing debt. Do the math—it all adds up to a corporate stranglehold that puts profits over people. 
 "On day one, I would declare a state of climate emergency ... Because this is an emergency that involves the health and saf…
Our team in SC is strong because of dynamic leaders like Deanna Berry who are fed up with this administration’s crimes and demand impeachment. 
The American people deserve to know the full truth about this president's crimes. This is a victory for truth and justice. 
Donald Trump is committing crimes, gutting our institutions, and abusing the power of the presidency out in the open while the stands idly by.
 Don’t miss and tonight for a talk on  and  →  
 Presidential candidate joining the and for Civil Liberties ; the Presidency 
 LIVE NOW: We're talking to about all things civil rights at  
 Live at 2:30 with for Civil Liberties and the Presidency 
This is a growing anchor weighing down the U.S. economy that rips off future generations—a ticking time bomb. 
The Justice Department is not your hired law firm, Mr. Trump, and AG Barr is not your personal lawyer. 
 “While skeptics often accuse scientists of exaggerating the threats associated with the climate crisis, the available ev…
 The recently announced International Plan for Climate Justice from stems from the idea that given the resources th…
Donald Trump is dangerous. 
 Curbing voting rights has been an electoral strategy by Republicans for decades. Key to structural reform pl…
 On Monday and visited the Cedar Valley. It was Steyer's first individual event in Waterloo. 
 "Why Tom Steyer? Because he is different, has a plan and knowledge on how to beat Donald Trump, rebuild the economy and make the…
 10 year old kid reporter asked “Who’s your favorite superhero? debates. htt…
  spoke with Reno's  "It's not a government of, by and for the people, and we need to take i…
Republican cowardice once again extends to our foreign policy. They cozy up to our enemies and alienate our allies. This ethnic cleansing is happening because we left the region and allowed it to happen. 
Big Oil’s takeover of our government—and their license to spread lies—is coming to an end. It’s time to declare a climate emergency and hold them accountable. I applaud 
We need to declare a climate emergency. Scientists can’t predict an unknown future. As we wait—and wait—and wait, the situation deteriorates. Let’s act. 
 Republicans designed this process—now they're scrambling to cover up the president's corruption with their backs against the wall. We need live impeachment hearings to expose the lies and let the American people decide.
Voter suppression is a Republican tactic that's as old as time. I'm proud to have helped lead the largest youth voter mobilization in history. Young people are invested in their future and deserve to have their voices heard. 
I stand with the as they strike across the country against Republic Services. Republic has chosen profits over people—denying its own employees a livable wage, adequate health care, and a pension. Working Americans deserve better.
The Paris Accord is an essential part of international cooperation on the climate crisis. Mr. Trump's continued tarnishing of American leadership in the world is a national security risk on many fronts. Climate change is too important. 
Donald Trump's lack of leadership is harming American farmers. His policies shift with the wind. When you put corporate interests over people, you hurt the people. 
I’m grateful for commitment to fighting for working families across America. Thank you for all your work, Tim.
 On campus Nov. 2nd: Sen. Mayor Sec.  Fmr. Rep.
 Billionaire 2020 Democratic candidate campaigned in Compton today at the non-profit Center for Sustainable C…
 Anyone else getting whiplash from Trump’s erratic back and forth on his promises to Iowa farmers? Between his broken prom…
 Well, draws this on his hand every day. Tells it means "to tell the truth no matter what the cost i…
California's wildfires are extremely dangerous. To those in the path of the  listen to local officials and take evacuation orders seriously.  
Glad to see the highlighting the voices of these justice advocates and their critical work on climate. 
Donald Trump is a criminal and traitor and the is enabling him. It is our moral and Constitutional duty to impeach.
Today, I got to spend time with at the Compton Center for Sustainable Communities. My campaign has pledged to plant a tree in honor of every active volunteer. Want us to plant one in your name?  
The Republicans are panicking because the chickens are coming home to roost. They thought they could lie and cheat forever, but it turns out the law eventually catches up with everyone. Time to impeach—and remove.
 NEW: has announced his participation in  on Oct 28th 
 ‘There’s never been an apology … People don’t know the history.’ —2020 hopeful explained why he’s in support of…
These Republican members of Congress want a political circus. If they were serious, they would work with Congressional Democrats. We need public hearings and transparency.
A robust primary campaign will result in our strongest candidate going up against Donald Trump. I'm Tom Steyer and I believe competition is healthy for democracy and representation. Will you sign the petition and help me get on the Democrats Abroad ballot?
I'm Tom Steyer and I'm running for president to ACT on our climate crisis. I’ll declare a national climate emergency on DAY ONE. If you’re as concerned about the crisis as I am, will you sign the petition and help me get my name on the Democrats Abroad ballot?
I was calling for Donald Trump’s impeachment years before the establishment joined me on the frontlines. I’m running for president to expose Trump as the utter fraud and failure that we all know he is. Will you sign the petition and help me get on the Democrats Abroad ballot?
I’m the only Democrat running for president who can take Donald Trump on the economy. I’ll tackle corruption and address our climate crisis. Will you sign the petition to help me get on the Democrats Abroad ballot?
This is an emergency. We cannot wait. I will declare a national emergency on day one and make the climate crisis my number one priority. 
 SOUTH CAROLINA DEM PRIMARY POLL:  preference:33%  (⬇ 6 pts from July)        16% (⬆ 7)12%
They know what he is doing is indefensible, so they’ll take the coward’s way out. 
Corporations will always care more about their bottom line than they do about infants who need life-saving medicine. Profits should not come before sick children. We need to break the corporate stranglehold on our government. 
I believe we commit to our values by standing up and speaking out for what's right. 
Donald Trump has hijacked our institutions, running a shadow foreign policy that benefits him and him alone. It is clear that he is a traitor. He must be impeached.
Every day reveals the shameless lengths is willing to go to put his own interests ahead of the interests of our country. Speaker Pelosi and House Democrats need to start public impeachment hearings immediately.
Gun violence is a public health crisis. It is a tragedy that the interests of the NRA are a higher priority than the lives of children. We must enact commonsense gun reform now. 
To compare being held accountable for your criminal abuse of the presidency to racial persecution and violence against Black Americans is disgusting. Shame on you,
If we want to accomplish the things we all know we need to do for America, first we have to get corporate control out of our government. 
We built America on the backs of black communities. We have to answer for the harm we've done. 
 “I think they made a terribly wrong choice with Mr. Trump,” says in Cedar Falls referring to Republican voters. B…
 With 105 days left until the Iowa Caucus more presidential candidates are making their way to Iowa, including
 This Friday 10/25, join us in conversation with presidential candidates and for a discussion on c…
Great to stop by The Steele Report at KCCI studios. Thank you, for a great conversation! 
Donald Trump—noted Constitutional scholar. 
The fossil fuel industry misled the public about the science of climate change on purpose. If we want to save ourselves, we must break the corporate stranglehold of our government. 
 . is talking about why he’s running here in Waterloo at 
 Kayla came to hear Tom because she wants to unify our country and she saw respect for all Americans! 
If we want to solve global issues⁠—starting with the climate crisis⁠—we need to be a trustworthy ally. 
  tells the crowd he’s running because the US has “a broken government” that works well for corporations but n…
 Our Kid Reporter Nolan Pastore covered the October 15  in his home state of Ohio. See what candidates
American workers deserve better than this. 
 Suffolk/USA Today Iowa: Biden 18 (-6)Warren 17 (+4)Buttigieg 13 (+7)Sanders 9 (- 3 (+3) to…
 New USA Today/Suffolk poll in Iowa. is up 3ppts and moved into 5th place! And still lots of undecided voters.…
Happy birthday to It's always so much fun to see you. 
You don’t need to be Batman to make a real difference. 
 Several presidential candidates in rural Elkader, IA mingle with voters before speaking to a large crowd of about 200…
It's a beautiful day in Manchester, IA! Thank you, Delaware County Democrats for a warm welcome and great conversation. 
Rain or shine, I always have a great time in South Carolina. 
 Going around Iowa with I’m always amazed by his energy (he only had one cup of coffee today!) and when I ask h…
Climate change is the most important issue facing our country. 
 It was an absolute pleasure to represent at the Gala. An amazing night celebrating the accomplishmen…
I loved meeting and his family on a recent trip to South Carolina. 
 I was honored to welcome to church this morning at Christ Episcopal in Cedar Rapids - he’ll be speaking toni…
Working Americans deserve a raise⁠—it's time we put people over profits. 
We must protect our republic from the president. 
At the debate, I talked about how corporations have bought our government. That's why I'm running for president. We're not going to get the health care, education or climate policy we want unless we break the power of corporations.
At the debate, I talked about how corporations have bought our government. That's why I'm running for president. We're not going to get the health care, education or climate policy we want unless we break the power of corporations.
At the debate, I talked about how corporations have bought our government. That's why I'm running for president. We're not going to get the health care, education or climate policy we want unless we break the power of corporations.
At the debate, I talked about how corporations have bought our government. That's why I'm running for president. We're not going to get the health care, education or climate policy we want unless we break the power of corporations.
I started calling for Donald Trump's impeachment even when I was told it wasn't the right political strategy. As I showed then and at the debate, I'm not afraid to stand up for what's right.
I started calling for Donald Trump's impeachment even when I was told it wasn't the right political strategy. As I showed then and at the debate, I'm not afraid to stand up for what's right.
I started calling for Donald Trump's impeachment even when I was told it wasn't the right political strategy. As I showed then and at the debate, I'm not afraid to stand up for what's right.
I started calling for Donald Trump's impeachment even when I was told it wasn't the right political strategy. As I showed then and at the debate, I'm not afraid to stand up for what's right.
 The morning after his Democratic debate debut, sat down with me to talk about his campaign and vision. Our con…
Two years ago, I started Need to Impeach. Over 8 million Americans joined the movement. The fight for our republic continues. 
Unchecked corporate power has done irreversible damage to our planet, but we can still make a difference—we need to start now. 
 On Oct. 28, is the next guest for Primary 2020: Candidate Forums, w/ Laura Knoy ; Forum…
This is a Constitutional crisis. He is unfit for office. He has been since the beginning. We are morally compelled to impeach him. 
Donald Trump has no idea what he is doing and the whole world is paying for it. 
On the debate stage this week, the climate crisis was only mentioned in passing. We cannot waste another moment. It is too important. I will declare a national climate emergency on day one of my presidency.  
The inequalities in our society will only become more apparent in the damage left behind after climate events. We need a justice-centered climate plan that works for all communities⁠—not just the wealthiest. 
Donald Trump is hosting an international summit in South Florida—a place dealing directly with rising sea levels. Trump's refusal to address the climate crisis is not only shortsighted, it is surrendering our global leadership in service of the fossil fuel industry.
 Post  *national* bump.First 2% *national* poll from Tied for 7th. 
Donald Trump hosting the G7 at a Trump property is a violation of the emoluments clause, an impeachable offense. He’s been violating the Constitution in this way and profiting from the presidency from the moment he was sworn in.
It's time for the American people to write the rules so that we can reverse the historic levels of inequality in our country and make good on progressive policies that can grow an economy that works for everyone. 
We need to trust our teachers. They know what their students need to be successful. I stand with the teachers in Chicago as they fight for pay raises, more librarians, nurses and teacher’s assistants. 
Donald Trump is a traitor and a criminal. We knew it two years ago.  
 "I have a history of trying to find the biggest problems, and building organizations to try and solve them," s…
Rep. Elijah Cummings was an outstanding leader who understood the stakes. He was a strong moral force both for civil rights and against Mr. Trump. He will be deeply missed.
We must demand a future where the government works for the people, not corporations. I know together we can break the corporate stranglehold and fix our broken government.
  The best way for Democrats to beat Trump
 in an exclusive interview with voiced concern over the growth of big tech, explaining it is time t…
 I talked to today. He bucked criticism that he bought his way onto the stage of Tuesday night’s Democratic pr…
Last night, I had a chance to introduce myself and share my vision for America. We must break the corporate stranglehold, put people over profits, and confront the climate crisis. I know that we can do it⁠—together. 
I am the only candidate that will address the climate crisis on day one. We cannot wait. 
 New from A conversation with on his first debate night appearance -- his frustration with a lack…
 ANNOUNCING: will be the next presidential candidate to participate in our speaker series with RSVP here…
Our planet is at a crossroads. We cannot continue to deny science. That's why on day one, I'll declare a national climate emergency. Find out more about my justice centered climate plan:   
 Seriously, let's talk about Tom Steyer's  plaid tie, Because that tartan is more telling than you may know - 
 Our sat down with for his first interview post   
Last night, I left the debate stage even more determined to talk to Americans and push harder for a larger, more specific conversation on the climate crisis. We cannot continue to plan our future without concrete plans to deal with our global reality. Climate change cannot wait.
An entire debate without a single question on climate change––the existential issue facing not just our country, but our entire planet. I am prepared to use the emergency powers of the presidency to take on the climate crisis and protect the American people.
I have committed my life to progressive causes because my parents taught me that when you see a problem, you fight it right away. That’s why I’m running for president—our government has failed. It's been bought by corporations and we must return power to the people.
My administration will fight for full reproductive justice. These laws threaten the autonomy of Americans⁠—across all gender identities. Reproductive choice should be between patients and their doctors.
  is right. Working people are working harder and have more than 1 job but are still being paid less. While corporate b…
Our system isn’t working for real people because it’s been corrupted by corporate influence and a lack of political transparency. We need to reform Washington from the outside, starting with Congressional term limits.  
I have the business background and experience to take on Donald Trump on the economy.
The fact is, most Americans have the same purchasing power they had 40 years ago, despite massive gains by the richest 1%. That tells me that something shameful is going on in this country. 
We have to treat opioid addiction as the serious public health crisis that it is—and that starts with breaking the stranglehold that Big Pharma has on our government. We must put people over profits.
Gun violence is a public health epidemic. I am ready to implement the urgent commonsense gun safety reforms we desperately need.  
If we’re going to make real progress in this country, we need to break the corporate stranglehold first. 
We are in a global climate crisis, and we need solutions that reflect the scale of the problem. Climate change cannot wait.  
Donald Trump has tarnished our global standing by cozying up to our enemies and alienating our allies with broken promises. I will rebuild our global alliances into a coalition that will work together to solve the urgent challenges that we all face.
No one should be forced to work more than one full-time job just to survive, and no one should see their raise eaten up by the rising cost of living.  
If the richest Americans pay our fair share, we can afford universal health care, quality education, and Social Security. Just pennies in taxes on the 160,000 richest families in this country would raise $1 trillion. We need a wealth tax. 
Universal health care must be a right—not a privilege—so everyone has the chance to live a healthy life, and our government needs to act to protect the foundations of our health.  
Two years ago, I knew that Donald Trump was the most corrupt president in American history and called for his impeachment. The American people agree.
So glad to have  here with me in Ohio. Make sure you follow for updates from the ground tonight and throughout the campaign. 
Today, I feel excited and extremely grateful to all of the people who have helped get me on the debate stage. Thank you for your support. See you tonight! 
We need a proactive—not reactive—approach to the increasingly devastating consequences of the climate crisis. It will only happen if we all work together. 
What a delight to read some words of encouragement from supporters across the country. I can’t wait to talk to you all from the debate stage tonight. 
How much longer will we allow Donald Trump wreak havoc across the world? 
Corporations routinely put profits over people. This time, children with cancer are caught up in their greed. We must break the corporate stranglehold. 
History will not be kind to those who enable Donald Trump. 
 Tom Steyer, the “outsider” billionaire candidate, will make his debate-stage debut tonight. How did he get here?
Donald Trump is a criminal and so are his associates. 
Citizens United must be overturned. 
 “[Republicans] have gone to a place that is so dark, where they’ve given up on every one of their principles, where they’v…
 First-time debater says he has no zingers planned for Democratic showdown.via 
 Tonight 2020 Democratic presidential candidate is on my show to talk everything from the killin…
I had a great time last night at the dinner. My favorite thing about this campaign is meeting Americans. 
Today, I honor the memory of our nation's first inhabitants and stand in solidarity with my Indigenous brothers and sisters, and honor their resistance to reclaim their rightful place in history. 
 Special thanks to for hosting members from and for lunch and a conversation today. 
My favorite thing about this campaign is meeting Americans. 
You can draw a straight line from Mr. Trump's rhetoric to the violence portrayed in this video. Donald Trump is dangerous. 
  "[Republicans] think if they lose in 2020... the rules are going to be fair and they're never going to win again.…
Donald Trump sold out the United States and our allies for the benefit of Vladimir Putin and Russia. 
 “Geoff, if the worst thing anyone says about me is that I put my time and my heart and soul and my money where my values are,…
 And now “We know how to beat these corporations — it’s the grassroots.”  
 “I believe that there has been a 40 year attack on working people in the US," says. "I believe if we break this corpo…
 We're LIVE at the 2019 State Dinner, featuring Chair
 "We have a basic issue in the United States right now, we have a broken government in Washington, D.C. It's been taken ov…
 Hopefully, we’re on the last chapter of this horror, Stephen.
 Before taking the  stage, up across the board in polling compared with same poll f…
This is unacceptable. We have a law enforcement crisis in America and people are paying for it with their lives. 
In the last 24 hours alone, 7 people were shot in Brooklyn and there were reports of an active shooter in a New Hampshire church. We can, and must, do something about gun violence. Thoughts and prayers just don’t cut it.
Last week, I had a blast at the Charleston Blue Jamboree. I love visiting the people of South Carolina. 
 Steyer founded Need to Impeach in October 2017 — a group with the singular goal of impeaching Trump. 
 When people in Las Vegas hear about our message of breaking the corporate stranglehold on our politics they sign up. This…
These blackouts in my own backyard are more than an inconvenience, they are a burden for communities of color and disabled Americans. We must choose environmental justice over PG;E’s bottom line. 
You can find more information on the fire region, road closures, and shelters here: Remember to listen to directives from your local government and other officials. Stay safe.
Our thoughts are with those families directly impacted by the devastating fires in southern California. Climate change increases the chances and intensity of wildfires, making it more challenging to contain them with each passing year. We must act now.
It is always a pleasure to see my friend I had a great time in Atlanta with the 
17 former Watergate special prosecutors. Over 51% of Americans in a FOX News poll. More than 8.3 million Americans. 228 members of Congress. At least 4 whistle blowers. We're on to you, 
 Did you see our interview with As a Californian he knows the challenges of a rapidly warming planet, hear h…
 “We have a broken system.”Tom Steyer says his plan for 12-year term limits for members of Congress would help bring in “a wave o…
The last thing volatile world events need is a volatile American president. Donald Trump is dangerous.
This moment in history is asking us to stand up and speak out. This is our time. 
We don't have kings in America. That's why we have the Constitution. 
Thank you to and for hosting tonight’s  It was an honor to talk with audience members about issues critical to the LGBTQI community. We’re stronger and better as a nation when we can raise our voices together, and I’m proud to speak up with all of you.

 "This is a straight forward attack on humanity itself." on the murders of Black transgender women. 
 "It seems the only real way to get Congr…
 I ask if will still be POTUS next Nov?"No...There's a good chance he won't be on the bal…
  joined local activists outside Rep. Amodei's office."Tom Steyer is committed to breaking the corporate strangle…
Climate change is going to cause human migration on a large scale. We need a plan. I will declare a national climate emergency on day one. 
It's almost as if our criminal President thinks he is above the law. He's not. 
 Mine for Can an unconventional West Coast billionaire shake up the Democratic presidential race? 
We need environmental justice. Our children deserve a 
If we're going to to navigate this Constitutional crisis, we're going to have to fight. 
 Self-made billionaire and philanthropist joins Larry on right now to talk about his presidential campaign and…
The death knell for the Trump presidency. 
I am especially proud to join the forum tonight on  Our world is better when all people are safe and free to be themselves. 
 Today is  Mental health care is health care – and taking care of your mental health is just as i…
 We've updated the Greenpeace  scorecard! This week, it's all about climate justice with new plans from Elizabeth…
They're all liars. 
These blackouts are harmful to our most vulnerable communities. We need a plan to address climate change that centers around environmental justice and not the bottom lines of energy companies. 
If you are what you tweet, then Donald Trump is a racist. 
The corruption here is undeniable. 
  plans to cast himself as the Dem version of Trump when he appears on a 2020 debate stage for the 1st time Tu…
Twenty companies are responsible for 35% of carbon emissions. If we are going to address the climate crisis, we have to start by breaking the corporate stranglehold of our government. 
 making jokes with the Johnston County Dems. I’ve gotten to know as a strong climate advocate and a…
This headline written another way: Trump committed yet another impeachable offense. 
What kind of justice is served if you only act when you have the cooperation of the accused? 
Of course is telling the truth. Pregnancy discrimination is real. And we need to check our bias when stories like this come up that hint at women as untrustworthy messengers of their own stories. 
 says on to something w/ work to extend digital jobs from coasts to rural Iowa. "He is," Steyer says…
He has being lying to us this whole time. 
 🏳️‍
 off to talk to Des Moines  Area Community College Dems after a great morning of phone banking. It’s been so gr…
My heart goes out to and his entire family as they mourn the loss of Rainè Riggs.
This is great news! Congratulations to and his team. 
 We're asking all 2020 candidates to join us in pledging to end discrimination in child welfare—and today, j…
Once again, Donald Trump’s ineptitude and ignorance of world affairs have put the lives of thousands of people at risk. Leaving the Kurds alone at this time is an act of cowardice and it will allow ISIS to return to the region.
Two years ago, I stood up for impeachment because it was the right thing to do. It still is. 
Imagine thinking the best man for the job—any job—is Rudy Giuliani. 
This Yom Kippur, I wish all who observe an easy fast.
Americans should not have to work two jobs and borrow heavily from big banks just to survive. We need a living wage. 
I have bad news, not only is an impeachment inquiry legitimate—so are impeachment and removal from office. You can't rewrite the Constitution.
 New from What seen in Iowa on flooding and climate change that drives home his mission to m…
 "We know Donald Trump is watching this show. is running this ad -- of real people talking to directly to Tru…
Here are real Americans in their own words talking directly to We aired this ad this morning during Fox and Friends to make sure he saw it. What do you want to say to him? 
We need to support and encourage labor unions. What is this administration so afraid of? 
You can't elect a criminally bad businessman and expect him to successfully run the government. 
When I started Need to Impeach two years ago, I said that once Americans knew the facts they'd fully support impeachment. 
It really doesn't matter if he knows what he is doing. Donald Trump is dangerous to our standing in the world and to the actual human beings that this policy harms. 
LGBTQ Americans are entitled to and deserve equal protection under the law. 
If you stand too close to the garbage, you'll start to stink, too. 
The consequences of this criminal presidency will echo for decades. 
  surging into the top tier in early states polling via — up to 8%!!All before  stage.…
Black Americans helped build this country. We are overdue for this important conversation. 
 "We have a basic issue in the United States right now, we have a broken government in Washington, D.C. It's been taken ov…
 So excited to have join us in Des Moines! Join us tomorrow for taco Tuesday and hear Sam talk about his dad
 Democratic presidential candidate Tom Steyer on the Trump impeachment inquiry: "We have a cancer at the heart of our gover…
The United States should be a leader on the climate crisis. Instead, we're a laughing stock. We need to get our house in order and work with other countries. 
 "My attitude is, if I'm not the candidate, I will support the Democratic candidate 100%, whoever he or she is,"
GM is continuing to put profits over people. I stand with the 
 Billionaire and 2020 Presidential hopeful unveiling his economic agenda this morning -- aimed at "ensuring that…
 "Why don't we convince them that the system isn't broken, that if they participate, we can take back the government, and that's…
I know we can beat Donald Trump and end the corporate stranglehold of our government. 
If we are going to end the corporate stranglehold in Washington, we have to stop taking corporate donations and we have to start with our own party. I told the DNC that our convention should be no different. 
Unchecked capitalism undermines our democracy and hurts too many people. To keep medications affordable, education accessible, and our planet livable, my plan proposes bold changes, including major structural reform and a wealth tax. Find out more: 
 "The evidence keeps piling up every single day that this is the most corrupt president in American history."–2020 presidential…
 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Tom Steyer releases economic agenda emphasizing 'people over profits' 
If you're worth more than $32 million, you should pay a 1% wealth tax. Taxing the 0.1% richest Americans would free up over $1 trillion. Imagine what we could do. 
 Steyer eyes corporate corruption, "unchecked capitalism" in economic plan  
Donald Trump is once again choosing to side with an authoritarian over allies who have been by our side for over a decade. 
The more light we shine on this presidency, the better. 
 Also today: 2020 Democratic candidate makes the case why he should be the next president…
Kieshaun White and his classmates already know the consequences of our inaction on climate. We owe it Kieshaun and his entire generation to end the climate crisis. 
Joshua Brown's tragic death, just days after courageously testifying against Amber Guyger in the shooting death of Botham Jean, is horrifying. I stand with his family and activists in Dallas to demand answers on how this happened 
 Excited that is going to be on the stage again in November! 
Patriotism is standing up for what’s right. 
I had a lot of fun today in South Carolina at the Blue Jamboree! Thank you to the Benedict College Marching Band for helping me make an entrance! 
 Now onstage “When you see something deeply wrong at the heart of your society, your supposed to fight it e…
 "I am running because we have a broken government in Washington, D.C.," told a crowd of hundreds of…
  marching in South Carolina with a marching band 
 It was great hanging with  friends in Las Vegas today. Giving a special shout-out to everyone out there working ha…
Is anyone actually shocked that Steve Mnuchin is an accessory to Mr. Trump's corruption? 
I have a lot of respect for Joe Biden, but there is more than enough evidence of Trump's corruption, crimes, and abuses of power. The case for impeachment is clear, and it’s the duty of every elected official to uphold the Constitution. 
The question here is not whether or not climate change exists—it's what we are going to do about it. I will declare a national emergency on day one to address the climate crisis. 
 Democratic Presidential candidate was in the News studio, talking with our Catch her piece d…
It's a beautiful day in South Carolina! 
I promise you, I will always tell it like it is. 
Donald Trump is a liar. 
 We've got a slew of Pints ; Politics events coming up, starting today!Here's the lineup:Frid…
  among  candidates slated for Blue Jamboree on Saturday at
This presidency is a case study in how far executive overreach can go—how far his blatant lies can take us. 
We've been saying it for two years. Donald Trump is indisputably unfit for office. 
Donald Trump treats the U.S. economy like one of his businesses—sooner or later he is going to try to gut it and sell it for parts.
  announces $2.7m in additional funding to 
This is an all out war on science. 
Exciting news out of Pennsylvania today. Congratulations to advocates who have worked tirelessly to bring real climate solutions to the Keystone state. 
The consequences of the climate crisis are not theoretical. They are very real. The missing and dead in the Bahamas are human lives. We cannot look away and we must not stop fighting. 
Happy Birthday to my partner in all things—Kat Taylor. 
 Billionaire Democratic activist and Presidential candidate Tom Steyer joins Chris and Paul Steinhauser to discuss Bernie Sander…
If we don't end the corporate stranglehold of our government, homeowners will continue to suffer for risky mortgages—not the big banks. 
 At our  candidate announced that, if elected, he would declare a “climate emergency” on his firs…
 Democratic presidential candidate Tom Steyer spoke to a crowd at Barley’s on Tuesday  
When you go all in on a fraud and a failure—you get what you deserve. 
 Democrat Tom Steyer in Sioux City talks more than impeachment  
Perhaps we should impeach him.
The crimes committed by this administration are serious—and the consequences should be, too. 
This is what happens when corporations run the government. People's lives hang in the balance⁠—we have to return the power to the people. 
Donald Trump's weakest issue is the economy. Unlike Mr. Trump, I have built a successful business from the ground up. I can beat him on the economy. 
 hearing from  farmers in Manilla Iowa. Marsha and her husband came 30 miles to be here because not enough cand…
Today is  a day to acknowledge the ways the justice system continues to fail innocent people around the country. The job of a prosecutor is to uphold justice, not obstruct it. Prosecutors: do your job. 
It is a harsh reality in America that our justice system is so broken that black Americans are legitimately shocked when an innocent black man's death is recognized with a just verdict. We have to fix our racist institutions. 
It's true! I will be on the debate stage in Ohio. Why not make your debate watch party official and sign up for a special  gift basket? Find out how: 
Mr. Trump ‘s failed Trade War is a war on Americans—especially farmers and farm communities. As President, I would end it on day one. 
I am having a great time in Iowa! When we show up and speak out, we build a brighter future for all Americans. 
At least four of these people have a Constitutional duty to protect the American people from executive over-reach⁠—instead they are in the president's pocket. 
 While addressing tax policy, gun control measures, immigration and trade policy, limited his impeachment talk to a…
This presidency is not a laughing matter. Sure, Donald Trump is a cartoonish buffoon, but there are more important and much darker forces behind the circus. 
Wishing a quick and easy recovery.
Saudi Arabia's brutal murder of Jamal Kashoggi should have been met with condemnation⁠—instead, Donald Trump offered his friendship. 
 “We’re talking about PTSD with our vets, but not about the suicide rates of our farmers.” A voter tells Steyer, in rur…
 “It kills me that we’re not the leaders of the free world right now,” tells a crowded coffee shop in Sioux…
 Speaking to a crowded coffee shop in Sioux City, IA talks about his primary platforms: breaking the corporate s…
  underway with first Sioux City event of year. Crowd of at least 60 packed into coffee shop to hear Democratic pre…
 A new International Plan For Climate Justice was released by candidate last week.  
It is not just the president's insane demands⁠—it is the people in this administration who indulge him. 
This is a Constitutional crisis. 
Today, I joined local leaders in Iowa to learn how recent flooding is impacting their communities. Public policies can only be effective if they reflect the voices of the public—not corporations or insider politicians. These are conversations we need to have, together. 
Here are two hard truths that should be easier: Americans don’t have to die of gun violence, and our leaders can do more than offer thoughts and prayers. We can end gun violence. Find out more about how I will address this public health crisis:  
We do the right thing because it is the right thing⁠—especially in the face of so much wrong. 
 Last year, we worked with  to register tens of thousands of new gun safety voters. Today, as a candidate for…
 Flood briefing for democratic presidential candidate,  at Pottawattamie Emergency Managment HQ.  
 How Tom Steyer would tackle gun violence  via
Happy Birthday, President Carter⁠—a man whose visionary leadership was ahead of its time. You saw a future filled with renewable energy. We owe it to you to keep fighting.
Two years ago today, a lone shooter killed 58 concertgoers and wounded over 400 more in Las Vegas. This wasn’t an isolated incident—our hearts had been broken by senseless gun violence many times before, and have broken many more times since. We need commonsense gun reform now.
We have a president who is actively destroying our institutions. If the loves America as much as they say they do, they'll stand up for it. 
Last week, I attended the Iowa Steak Fry, was live on MSNBC as news broke that Speaker Pelosi announced a formal impeachment inquiry against Donald Trump, traveled to New York for Climate Week, and more. Check out what Team Tom has been up to! 
For Russia, this is about more than Mr. Trump. It is about their place in global politics. 
It means everything to me to know that Team Tom supporters will be watching the debate in just a couple weeks. If you can host an official debate party, sign up or learn more here: 
We need to address the climate crisis. I am the only candidate who will declare a national emergency on day one and use my executive powers to take strategic action immediately. Climate change cannot wait. 
Exactly how many foreign governments has Trump invited to undermine our democracy? 
 We're hosting Chair for our State Dinner on Oct. 13…
 Round table with and other amazing climate activists to discuss his plan for the  if he gets elect…
I had fun meeting small business owners in Philadelphia. We must continue to work towards shared prosperity—not just in Pennsylvania, but across the country. 
He's been abusing executive power since day one. We are morally compelled to stop this immediately. 
We must not stop until every single one of Mr. Trump's accomplices are brought to justice. He has not perpetuated these crimes alone. 
  Foundation is thrilled to announce pro-equality ally and 2020 presidential candidate will join our Democratic pre…
 Got a chance to watch deliver some 🔥 at the  dinner.There’s a reason he’s surging to 4th…
 Billionaire Presidential Candidate Tom Steyer Says Americans Don't Know What Happened in Slavery and Supports Reparations ht…
Impeachment means that every single member of Congress must go on the official record either for or against Mr. Trump's behavior—for or against the Constitution. 
 Steyer asks Americans to "Talk to Trump," send video submissions for ad to air during "Fox and Friends" 
  on impeachment news coverage: "Have we seen this movie before? Hello? Bill Barr. There’s nothing in the Mue…
 is a fraud and a failure. 
Wishing a happy Rosh Hashanah to all those who celebrate. May the next year be filled with sweetness!
 STEYER ON CLIMATE CRISIS ; JOBS: 2020 presidential candidate meets with voters in Reno, NV to discuss the clima…
If we’re going to fix our broken government, the change has to come from the outside—from the grassroots. 
 🚨SUNDAY SPECIAL🚨 NH team is out here knocking doors for the Special Election in Epping on October 8th!
The grassroots—including more than 8 million people who joined Need to Impeach—have had to push and drag D.C. to do the right thing for more than two years. This is about them, not Washington insiders. 
 "Trump is a fake, a fraud, and a failure" as a leader. - at  dinner. 
 The 90 second pitch from ! 
When we organize together from the outside, we win. 
Great to be in Reno today with a full house of Nevadans talking about how we’re going to get corporate control out of our democracy and put power back where it belongs—with the people! 
 "So I'm running for president for a simple reason: to break the corporate stranglehold on our democracy." - 
 We got a packed house at Craft Wine and Beer in Reno, NV with folks ready to hear speak about the issues that m…
When I talk to Americans—whether they are Trump voters or not—about what this president has done, they say 3 things: 1. I didn’t know that.2. He is a liar and a cheat.3. If I did that, I would go to jail.It's simple. The president is corrupt. He must be impeached. 
Donald Trump has committed 10+ impeachable offenses. The American people know the truth—and he can’t run from it. The President has got to go. 
 Democratic presidential candidate tells that he believes President Trump is "going to be impeached.…
 "It's great having support from politicians like Tom to get the word out for the unions and American public," said Lance P…
Corporations have total control of our government—it was clear today at the strike, and it’s clear in our climate crisis. The first step in fixing those problems is restoring our democracy and giving power back to the people. 
 Thank you to all the Local 2162 members for allowing  to stop by and join you on the picket line. We stand in…
This is why we show up and speak out on climate change. Our children deserve a bright and beautiful future. 
 So important that has kept his focus on the  and is upping the ante on its importance to US 
 Today dropped a new climate plan focused on international climate justice. It's got big ideas on accountability…
GM is putting profits over people. I stand with the No one should be forced to work more than one full-time job just to survive, and no one should see their raise eaten up by the rising cost of living. 
It's a big job, but we can do it together.Read the full framework for my international climate plan here: 
As part of my campaign, we’ll plant a tree for every volunteer who takes action with our campaign— the only way we can tackle both the domestic and global impacts of the climate crisis is together. Join us: 
Deforestation directly impacts climate change. It’s simple: We need more trees. That’s why we’ll plan 1.2 trillion trees by 2040.
I pledge to uphold indigenous rights, to uplift youth voices, and to center my environmental policies on environmental justice. The climate crisis will harm and affect our most vulnerable communities first, so we must ensure a seat at the table for their voices.
The detrimental actions of foreign governments and corporations that harm and destroy important natural resources will be defined as environmental crimes against humanity.
We will commit to a carbon neutral American economy by 2045. We will green the Department of Defense⁠—making all non-combat facilities carbon neutral by 2030.
Eliminating our dependence on oil, gas, and coal strengthens our national security and gives us moral authority to demand that other countries act. I will end all American foreign fossil fuel investment as soon as possible.
I will immediately redouble our commitment to the Paris Agreement to help save our only planet. The Paris Agreement makes us safer and encourages international cooperation on addressing the climate crisis.
Our entire planet is facing a climate emergency. We must take swift action to confront it.A global problem will require a global solution. I am prepared to make climate change the center of my foreign policy. 
We pledge to  and end citizens united, ensure fair elections, and continue fighting for voting rights⁠—read more about our plan here: 
We knew two years ago that Donald Trump needed to be impeached. 8 million Americans signed our petition demanding it. Now? We are well beyond the point of no return. He must be impeached. 
 Thank you  for joining us at our first-ever Workers' Presidential Summit and showing your support of the labor…
 Highlight: details why his calls for impeachment two years ago could help his 2020 presiden…
 Tomorrow morning, will be in Reno chatting with 
If these are the things we know⁠—just imagine what they are hiding from us. 
When I launched my national public service policy, I loved getting feedback from members of Team Tom who had participated in national service projects. Check out Jackson's story, and share yours with  
There are better ways to grow our food. We need a regenerative approach to agriculture. Find out more about my climate plan:  
Let's not forget the humanitarian crisis Donald Trump has created at the border. He is a criminal and a monster. His misdeeds extend way beyond Ukraine. 
 Highlight: on impeaching Trump: “When you see something really wrong, when you see the most corrupt president…
Since the government bailed out GM, they have seen record profits. We need to end corporate corruption and greed⁠—at the expense of workers. I stand with as they fight for a living wage. 
 Today, Presidential Candidate joined host where they discussed topics including the 2020 el…
If we implemented a wealth tax at just 1%, we'd have an extra $819 MILLION to invest in deteriorating infrastructure or affordable housing or climate change mitigation. And that's from just ONE rich guy paying his taxes. We need a wealth tax. 
The people of New York know exactly who Donald Trump is and that’s why our message resonates. RSVP for our NYC town hall tonight! 
 I joined Team as CO State Director! I’m so lucky to join such an incredible team that is leading on critical issues l…
 Door meet knuckles, voters meet Iowa Team Tom!!! The whole Iowa team will be out knocking doors so excited to talk about…
Congress must cancel their recess. Their Constitutional duty is clear and immediate.
Lindsey Graham will sell out Americans for his own political gain. He is a prime example of why we need term limits. 
Snares? They are all accomplices in his crimes. They know who they are dealing with—a dime store dictator whose stripes have not changed. 
How much more obvious does the president need to be? He is the most corrupt president in American history. We have the votes in the House. Impeach him now.
We've used ballot initiatives in California to close corporate loopholes and hold tobacco companies accountable. A national referendum will give a voice to issues that Congress won't. 
 This is how it's done! Climate activists shut down San Francisco's financial district...with a gorgeous mural (also much…
While corporations fill their pockets with tax breaks, we are cutting programs that feed American children. We need to break the corporate stranglehold in Washington and give the power back to the people. 
Thank you for having me today, It was great talking about impeachment and my plan to lift up all Americans and end the corporate stranglehold in Washington. 
 'We need to do the right thing and walk away from the criminal in the White House' - talked with us earlier abo…
This is a climate emergency. We must act as if our lives depend upon it—because they do. I will declare a national climate emergency on day one and compel Congress to act immediately. 
Yesterday, I had a big smile on my face because this is a victory for the American people. After 2 years of standing up and speaking out, we are beginning an impeachment inquiry. Look at what we can do together. 
Why on earth would the president's personal lawyer be conducting foreign policy? This is a textbook case of corruption and collusion. 
For the this has never been about doing the right thing. They only care about cashing in on the Trump presidency. 
 'From my standpoint, has this new allegation made a change? Yes. But It's no different from his previous behavior. '
There it is. He did it. Donald Trump is a traitor. 
 . To me, this is the system working. This is grassroots pushing for what’s right. This has never been about me,…
  tells Finally 
We started this movement two years ago and we're not done yet—join us. 
 Thank you, Bill!
 I mean, at least is giving credit where credit is due. 
 Donald, you can threaten us. But the Truth is coming for you.
 Today is a big day. I'm proud to work for who lead and built a national movement that pushed Congress to do th…
I was the first democratic leader to mobilize millions to call for Trump's impeachment. Join us in the fight against this lawless and reckless president.
I was the first democratic leader to mobilize millions to call for Trump's impeachment. Join us in the fight against this lawless and reckless president.
Impeachment has always been about what is right and the pursuit of the truth. When we stand up for what is right, we are doing our moral duty as citizens.
This moment comes because of the hard work of activists and the over 8 million Americans who showed up, spoke out, and demanded that Donald Trump be held accountable for his many crimes and misdeeds.
Two years ago, we began a movement to hold this lawless, criminal president accountable. We are finally at a watershed moment. The beginning of an official impeachment inquiry is the beginning of taking our democracy back.
 Thank you for joining us today. 
If we want a government by and for the people—we have to show up. Register to vote and show up.  
 The President of the United States is threatening our national security. I believe it is my responsibility as a Member of…
 WATCH: Rep. Spanberger and Rep. Slotkin join to discuss being two of the seven co-authors of the Washington Post op…
 I swore an oath to protect and defend the Constitution. If true, these new allegations against the President are a threa…
 “These new allegations are a threat to all we have sworn to protect. We must preserve the checks and balances envisioned…
 For six years, I've seen  show up on climate.  He's seen around corners in a way that few others can. He's taken b…
Donald Trump is a criminal and a traitor. 
Thank you, You have always stood on the right side of history. 
 The future of our democracy is at stake. I truly believe the time to begin impeachment proceedings against this president…
 ICYMI:The President has abandoned his obligations to the United States Constitution. It’s time to impeach. 
 In July, I called for an impeachment inquiry after the President engaged in abuses of power.This week, we found out he…
 I joined some of my colleagues with backgrounds in defense and national security to address the latest allegations against…
We knew nearly 2 years ago that Donald Trump had passed the threshold for impeachment. Over 8 million Americans showed up and signed our petition. It is my sincere hope that today is the day the House Democrats stand up for democracy and move to impeach this lawless president.
We are morally compelled to impeach Donald Trump. What is waiting for?
They can fight all they want. We are on the right side of history. 
China and India ALSO need to see US step up and get our own house in order. We have work to do on our end—and I know we can do it! 
Last week we:- Held a town hall in Iowa,- Attended the Congressional Black Caucus Convention,- Released my national service plan,- And participated in the AFL-CIO and MSNBC forums. 
 👏👏 it's why I live my commitment to public service not just in my day job, but in free time too. Glad to raise…
 I'm excited that the campaign has already surpassed the new DNC donor threshold ; am confident that we will meet the poll…
 Tom Steyer calls out fellow San Franciscan Nancy Pelosi by name in tough new statement calling for impeachment. "For far…
Happy  We must fight for a world not just free from fear and violence but a world where everyone can be themselves in all facets of their lives.
I stand with communities who are fighting the fossil fuel companies in their backyards. Find out more about the activists who pushed back against the Puente power plant—and won. 
It is our moral duty to confront the climate crisis. We cannot wait. 
This is a climate crisis. We must take immediate action. We ignore it to our peril. 
 ⁦just ask  asking about pensions are everywhere!   
Donald Trump is a criminal and a traitor. How much more evidence does Congress need? 
  optimism: If we stabilize the climate, "we are in the best position of any people in the history of this plan…
 Hey twitter, catch up time! 😁 Last week released a new plan that I’m honored to have worked on proposing th…
I learned how to show up for my country and my community from my parents.From my father, who quit his job as a lawyer to join the Navy after Pearl Harbor and then prosecuted Nazis at Nuremburg.From my mother, who taught at the Brooklyn House of Detention.How do you show up? 
It is so important that young people show up and speak out. The future is brighter when they do.  
 Behind the scenes at  forum. Before he took the stage,  chatted with student journalists at Rooseve…
I can take on Donald Trump on his weakest issue—the economy. 
 Had a great time with at the     great speech by got   to 
If it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck... 
As president, I'd declare climate change a national emergency. We must take immediate action for our future, and the future of our children. 
 “When you see something that’s wrong in America, you fight it.” talks about his work with NextGen at the 
  addresses the levees that broke on the Missouri River to transition into climate. "It's not jobs or the environme…
Back in Iowa again! Enjoying my time at the  
 is the climate change candidate! 
When I announced my national public service policy, I had no idea how many members of the  campaign had served our country already.Check out Robyn's story, and share yours with 
 In the wake of allegations that asked Ukraine to investigate son, says Congress mus…
 This is what Iowa is about. A presidential candidate who talks about climate change and the future of our planet with an…
We don't have the time to wait for our gridlocked Congress to take action to save our planet. That's why I will declare climate change a national emergency on day one of my presidency. 
 As stoked as we are for the  we wanted to make sure we were offering some face to face time in a more accessible…
Thanks for the thought-provoking conversation about minority representation in STEM fields, net neutrality, autonomous vehicles, and lots more.
HUD's mission is to legally guarantee housing⁠—especially to vulnerable populations. Ben Carson should resign immediately. He is unfit for his office. These comments perpetuate stereotypes and harm trans Americans. 
It’s been more than two years since this tweet. We’ve seen support for impeachment grow, but no movement from What crime does this man have to commit to warrant being held accountable? When will it finally be worth it?
 The  came right by the HQ, so we ran out to join and support the strikers! 
In 2017, we took on a major energy company to stop construction of a power plant in Oxnard––and we won.We've beaten the corporations before. Now we're taking this fight to Washington in 2020. 
This is why we  The climate emergency must be confronted head on⁠—our lives depend on it. 
 Marching for our climate    
 "A healthy environment produces a healthy economy."  at 
 Diving into policy specifics at  describes his environmental plan: $2 trillion over 10 years.…
 "This is doable. makes a strong case for climate action: Cheaper, cleaner energy will create good-paying jobs a…
 We're thrilled to sponsor  where is making his first appearance at a major multi-candidate…
 NOW: talks to 2020 Presidential Candidate about his environmental plans.  
I’m about to take the stage at the MSNBC  Watch live: 
The future is brighter when we all show up and speak out. Inspired by the  today. 
As president, I will make acting on climate change my number one priority and will declare a national emergency on day one. I’m encouraged by the energy and passion of millions of activists today and in the days ahead. We can turn that energy into swift and strong action. 
Join us as we strike today. Climate cannot wait. 
This is absolutely collusion if not downright treason. 
  “I do think we have to take back our government, and I do think we need to stabilize this climate crisis.…
Iowa deserves better than Donald Trump.
Corporations won't suddenly grow a conscience and do the right thing for the people, instead of their own bottom line. That's why we need to take our power and our government back. 
 Meeting at the gala who is working to ensure students are registered to vote. is also working with…
We need to confront the climate crisis with a leader who understands the stakes. I will declare a climate emergency on day one.
 Here's the schedule for Sunday's Youth Voice presidential candidate forum:8:40 - 9:10 - 9:40…
Today, my heart and prayers are with and his family. Dr. Emily Clyburn built a legacy of advocating for children and youth for many years. As we honor her life and legacy, I will continue to fight for equal opportunity for more young people and South Carolinians.
 On 9/20, NRDC is following the lead of young climate activists and striking for climate action. Around the world, activists will…
 With  yesterday in Philadelphia. He is the  who can and will defeat the 
 NYC friends! is going to be in town next week. Don't miss your chance to see Tom in an intimate setting before t…
I'm proud to join thousands of climate strikers following in Greta's footsteps tomorrow.Find an event near you ➡️    
Donald Trump is dangerous. We must impeach him immediately.
    
 Thank you for joining Foundation’s  Democratic presidential town hall in Los Angeles on October 10…
 Want to hang out with before the Steak Fry? This is a great chance to actually talk and ask questions with 
The United States is the only democracy that denies representation to citizens of its capital. Join in urging Congress to make DC the 51st state. Watch today’s historic hearing live at 10AM Eastern:  
 New from new TV ad running this busy Iowa Caucus weekend has a stark message to Iowa farmers:…
I often get asked about my favorite music, so I put it all in one place. Check out my favorites here: 
A 1% wealth tax on Jeff Bezos would generate $1.1 billion––enough to provide affordable public healthcare for all part time Whole Foods workers, and many thousands more.We can afford to take care of each other. The wealthy just have to pay up.
 Really fun time walking around Philly’s famous Italian Market with my boss, Beautiful shops and amazing tacos! h…
Donald Trump is so hellbent on punishing California for his unpopularity here that he'll destroy the environment to do it. Leave us alone, and go "fix" something else.
 Congratulations to from the NH team on her historic win in the Manchester mayoral primary! Tireless ad…
 These young leaders are so great. And since I've done this a few times, I can tell you that the buzz building for Friday'…
I stand with the next brave generation of activists in calling for a  Join this Friday, 9/20, to demand climate action. Find a strike location near you:   
 talking about his commitment to organized labor at the Workers’ Presidential Summit.  
 Philadelphia refinery question: says that the green jobs we create must also make workers whole. Fear of gi…
 When asked what he’s done for the labor movement,  worked toward living wages and fought a proposition that…
Thanks to Faheem Alexander at Hands of Precision Barber Shop in Philly for hosting us for a meet ; greet––and a quick trim––this afternoon before the  summit. 
 It’s not every day that your advocacy directly results in a presidential candidate releasing a policy proposal! Check…
Activism works. Congratulations to all who fought so hard for this victory. I'm proud of the University of California system for making the right decision.
Welcome to California, We can't wait to vote you out in 2020.
 Tom Steyer unveils plan to invest to invest $50 billion in largest peacetime expansion of public service opportunities 
It's not "unrealistic" to expect that Congress do their job. Our lawmakers must be willing to do the right thing even when it's politically unpopular.
As president, I pledge to make national public service a priority during my first 100 days in office. Now more than ever, we need a robust national service program to bring people together and create a safer, smarter, and healthier future for all.
 I would pay $15.6 million in wealth tax under my proposal.
 Meeting with on how to make sure that we on  are speaking to LGBTQ+ youth issue…
We must reform the deep seated inequalities and dangerous power dynamics in Congress. That’s why I’m proposing 12-year term limits on our lawmakers. 
Last week we:- qualified for the October debate in Ohio,- packed supplies for victims of Hurricane Dorian,- protested Lindsey Graham,- visited Aunt Betsy,- and so much more. 
The is so hell bent on guaranteeing a conservative court, they are willing to overlook serious allegations of sexual misconduct and perjury. The system is broken. 
 Excited for our house party with Tom and Peg in Polk City! 
    
I stand with the 50,000 members striking at General Motors. GM must put the welfare of its workers above perks for its executives and provide fair wages, affordable healthcare, and secure jobs.
When someone does something wrong, you have to stand up to them. Even if that person is the president. No one is above the law. 
To accomplish the progressive goals of the Democratic Party, we must first break the corporate stranglehold in Washington. 
It’s clear that the confirmation process for Justice Kavanaugh was nothing more than a farce put on by Senate Republicans and President Trump. There must be a full and transparent investigation, including the release of all relevant documents, and information.
Republicans are selling out our future to oil and gas companies—who care only about profit. I will roll back this policy on day one and begin our path away from fossil fuel to renewable energy. 
El día de hoy celebramos el inicio del  Durante esta celebración, debemos también recordar la promesa de Estados Unidos: que cada persona pueda alcanzar su máximo potencial con seguridad, como una sociedad que recibe a TODOS con los brazos abiertos. 
Today marks the beginning of  As we celebrate, we must remember the promise of America: that every person is allowed to achieve their full potential safely, as full members of a society that welcomes ALL with open arms. 
Every worker deserves the right to a fair contract ; job security. Congratulations to the 300+ workers at Fiesta Henderson on their victory in joining 
 They were found together. Two were so close their limbs touched. Sunday dresses tattered. Bodies shattered. Lives taken by killers…
It is illegal to profit off the presidency and Donald Trump is not above the law. Impeach him. 
Always inspiring to visit with the Congressional Black Caucus members who have shaped the moral arc of this country. The amount of knowledge and integrity exhibited by these leaders is astounding, and something we can all learn from.  
 The Congressional Black Caucus ALC has felt more like a family reunion than a conference. This is a great family picture…
Americans are dying because they can't afford their insulin––all so big pharma can make a little more money. It's disgusting, and it's wrong. There is blood on your hands, 
Climate change can't wait. But don't just take my word for it. 
This kind of training makes no one safer and turns our neighborhoods into war zones. We need humanity returned to our immigration policy. 
Had so many insightful and inspiring conversations in the Hawkeye State this week. Thank you for your hospitality, Iowa! 
 It was so great having in Iowa! We were stuck at a road block so we paused for corny jokes and pics. He will b…
A national referendum would empower the American people to pass popular reforms without relying on Congress to take action. 
 What an amazing morning at the Congressional Black Caucus Prayer Breakfast with and Rev. Jessie Jackson. 
Donald Trump profits when government officials stay at his properties. It’s bribery, and he’s not even trying to hide it. 
 Despite living far from family, returning to work post-mat leave has been hugely positive. I am tired...allofthetime! I h…
  says Democrats are "living off the vision from FDR and the new deal, which is almost 100 years ago." Steyer also…
For too long, the rich and powerful have been held to a different legal standard than everyone else.We cannot let Donald Trump off the hook just because he’s president. No one is above the law. 
All the things we want to achieve––solving the climate crisis, ending gun violence, delivering affordable healthcare for ALL, ensuring a quality education for our children––will stay out of reach until we break the corporate control of our government.
I've been consistently and forcefully calling for the impeachment of the most corrupt president in history, long before any of the rest of the candidates spoke up––not because it was politically convenient, but because it was the right thing to do.
As a successful businessman, I’m the most qualified to go head-to-head with Donald Trump on the economy, and call him out for what he really is: a fraud and a failure.
I’ve been fighting climate change for more than a decade, and I will make it a priority in my Presidency.I was the first candidate to say that I’ll declare a national emergency on day one, and the only candidate who has pledged to use the emergency powers of the presidency.
We heard a lot of good ideas at last night's debate— but we cannot deliver on any progressive policy unless we first break the corporate stranglehold on our democracy. That’s why I’m running for President.Here’s what you will hear when I take the debate stage in October:
 Thank you, for bringing your vision for the country to Clinton County and sharing your message!Thank you to…
Congress isn’t explicitly calling this impeachment yet, but that’s what it is. Impeachment has started. We need to keep up the pressure on our elected officials to ensure they see this through and hold Donald Trump accountable for his crimes. 
 We missed qualifying for this debate by a single poll, but we have already secured a spot for October!
Climate change cannot wait. We don’t get a second planet. I will declare the climate crisis a national emergency on day one.
We cannot wall off America from the rest of the world. The health of our economy relies on our standing as a trade partner––but who wants to trade with a loudmouthed bully? We must cultivate, not alienate, our allies.
 We missed qualifying for this debate by a single poll, but have already qualified for October's.
No human being is illegal. We don’t need walls or cages. We need comprehensive and humane immigration reform.
Six people have died from vaping-related lung disease and the Trump Administration is already taking action. We've had 19 mass shootings so far in 2019 and nothing has changed.Our government should treat an AR-15 like it's at least as dangerous as a Juul.
Donald Trump’s white nationalist rhetoric has radicalized his base and inspired a wave of violence. As president, I will direct more resources to monitor, investigate, and prosecute incidents of white supremacist violence and those who incite them as acts of domestic terrorism.
When a candidate proposes a big idea, the first question is: How can we afford this?An incremental 1% wealth tax on Jeff Bezos would generate $1.1 billion. That's just one guy.We're a rich country. We can afford to take care of one another if the wealthy pay our fair share.
More than 600 billionaires live in the United States, but Americans routinely have to choose between paying the rent and paying for insulin.Playing politics with people's healthcare is literally playing politics with people's lives. We can afford to take care of each other.
 Good news: we've already qualified for October's debate, so you can see me on that stage next month!
Confronting the climate crisis head-on will benefit our economy in the long run. Even big banks know it. 
 Media is all set up and ready to go for here at Davenport’s River Center. 
 The mystery of colorful belt, uncovered by it’s a memento from a trip to a girls school in Ke…
 Iowa team is getting excited for our conversation with soon! 
In 2017—long before it was politically safe—I stood up for impeachment because it was the right thing to do. It still is. 
The head of Trump’s is a longtime coal lobbyist. It’s no wonder that he’s selling off our natural resources to the highest bidder. Until we break the corporate stranglehold on our government, we will continue to lose what we can never get back. 
 “I think what we should do as individuals is to use the power of democracy to make our voices heard and to make sure tha…
 At the Hamburg Inn in Iowa City skipped the stump speech and instead went table to table meeting...and greeting ca…
 New Podcast Episode: stops by for an interview, and we introduce you to our new climate change/housing repor…
 Thank you for telling voters what you'll do to protect and strengthen our democracy! Visit 
 Glad to have stop by the Starting Line office this morning, seen here in an intense policy discussion with o…
  is the one person that has been consistently calling Trump for what he is - a criminal. Oh! And might I add a…
No one is above the law. Now that Congress is back from recess, they must move swiftly to impeach the lawless criminal in the White House.Read more in my op-ed at 
We are long overdue to have a national conversation about reparations. 
  earlier this evening with the Vision Walkers group in Columbia. Steyer addressed two dozen or so young blac…
Donald Trump, his administration, and his allies in Congress have created the humanitarian crisis at the border. We are once again morally compelled to impeach him.
Our planet can't wait. I will declare climate change a national emergency on my first day as president. 
 Presidential candidate is here in Columbia, South Carolina, volunteering with Day of Hope. They are packing…
Huge news for those who’ve been fighting for an economy that works for ALL Americans. It’s time to put people over profits. No one should have to work more than one job to survive. 
18 years ago today, we came together as a country in the wake of an unprecedented terrorist attack—remembering that more united us than divided us, knowing we had to prevent it from happening again. Today  those we lost, and who we’re capable of being.
Thank you to former South Carolina State Representative Harold Mitchell for your trust, support, and endorsement. 
The work doesn’t stop here. We must ensure that these jobs pay a living wage. No one should be forced to work more than one full-time job just to survive. 
  @ a guy dressed like Trump w/ a lock him up sign. 
 Dear who showed up today! 
Profits over people yield these kinds of disastrous choices. We have to get our house in order to lead on climate internationally. I will declare a national climate emergency on day one. 
 Hey Nevada -- is joining us in Reno for our First Annual Keep Nevada Blue event! Join us on Saturday, September  2…
We have a national suicide crisis in America that is solvable by guaranteeing quality healthcare and increasing economic opportunity. Our families, friends, and neighbors are worth fighting for.  
Impeach him. 
I stand in solidarity with these brave Amazon employees. If we are to pursue long-term solutions to climate change, we will need more than paper straws and reusable water bottles. Major corporations have to get on board. 
 Check out the fine print of new justice centered climate details – it goes REAL BIG on 
Last week:- I attended a Labor Day picnic with Bay Area activists.- We hosted a Climate Emergency Town Hall.- The analysis came back on my climate jobs plan––it would create 46 million jobs over 10 years.- We took our message on the road to New Hampshire! 
Trump is a criminal who is spreading hate across the country and has brought us to the brink of ecological destruction. We're running out of time to impeach and now that Congress is back in session, it's time to take action.
Trump is a criminal who is spreading hate across the country and has brought us to the brink of ecological destruction. We're running out of time to impeach and now that Congress is back in session, it's time to take action.
Trump is a criminal who is spreading hate across the country and has brought us to the brink of ecological destruction. We're running out of time to impeach and now that Congress is back in session, it's time to take action.
Trump is a criminal who is spreading hate across the country and has brought us to the brink of ecological destruction. We're running out of time to impeach and now that Congress is back in session, it's time to take action.
Trump is a criminal who is spreading hate across the country and has brought us to the brink of ecological destruction. We're running out of time to impeach and now that Congress is back in session, it's time to take action.
Trump is a criminal who is spreading hate across the country and has brought us to the brink of ecological destruction. We're running out of time to impeach and now that Congress is back in session, it's time to take action.
Trump is a criminal who is spreading hate across the country and has brought us to the brink of ecological destruction. We're running out of time to impeach and now that Congress is back in session, it's time to take action.
The president's job is to preserve and protect the Constitution. Donald Trump is only concerned about preserving and protecting himself. 
Betsy DeVos does not care about our students⁠—she only serves the corporations who will make profits off her policies. 
Hurricane Dorian devastated the Bahamas, and now we are turning away the people who most need our help. This isn’t what America is supposed to stand for. 
Donald has been⁠—and always will be⁠—unfit for office. Just another reason we are morally compelled to impeach him. 
Impeachment is the right thing to do. 
We have waited too long for action on climate, on the economy, on guns, and on education. I will stand up for the people. Join us at  
If we take back our government from corporations, we can return to a government of, by, and for the people.But we have to show up, turn out, and win big. 
Donald Trump has created an international leadership vacuum that Russia and China are eager to fill. This is dangerous. 
I look forward to explaining my vision to the American people on the debate stage in October—onward! 
 Congratulations to for getting into next Dem Presidential debate. See, showing up  Forum already…
 Congrats to on making the 4th debate! We look forward to welcoming you on our stage in a few!  
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. We need to repair our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Take my poll: should politicians take contributions from lobbyists?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. We need to repair our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Take my poll: should politicians take contributions from lobbyists?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. We need to repair our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Take my poll: should politicians take contributions from lobbyists?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. We need to repair our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Take my poll: should politicians take contributions from lobbyists?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to repairing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Join my campaign today and help me fix our democracy.
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to repairing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Join my campaign today and help me fix our democracy.
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to repairing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Join my campaign today and help me fix our democracy.
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to repairing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Join my campaign today and help me fix our democracy.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. Take the poll: is it time to impeach Donald Trump?
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. Take the poll: is it time to impeach Donald Trump?
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. Take the poll: is it time to impeach Donald Trump?
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. Take the poll: is it time to impeach Donald Trump?
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Join my campaign. Together, we can take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Join my campaign. Together, we can take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Join my campaign. Together, we can take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Join my campaign. Together, we can take him on.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. Take the poll: do you think we need to make climate change a priority?
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. Take the poll: do you think we need to make climate change a priority?
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. Take the poll: do you think we need to make climate change a priority?
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. Take the poll: do you think we need to make climate change a priority?
Thank you so much to our supporters, the hardworking campaign team, and everyone who believes we need to end corporate influence and solve the climate crisis. I can’t wait to tell you more about my vision for America on the debate stage in October. 
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. Take the poll: do you think we need to make climate change a priority?
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. Take the poll: do you think we need to make climate change a priority?
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. Take the poll: do you think we need to make climate change a priority?
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. Take the poll: do you think we need to make climate change a priority?
 Ohio here we come! Excited for to be on the debate stage and show the America people who he is. Thanks to the…
Trickle down economics doesn't work. For 40 years, we've run the experiment—now we're going to try the opposite. 
Our president uses the rhetoric of war to demonize immigrants while pushing employees to their mental and physical limits. It’s unsustainable, won't fix our broken asylum system, and can only result in more tragedy.
The doesn't stand up for democracy. Their only interest is protecting Donald Trump. 
 Pretty cool day on the road at  convention.  🇺🇸 
Every other advanced country has affordable healthcare. We're a rich country. We have the money to do it too––we just have to break the corporate stranglehold on our democracy. 
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Join my campaign and, together, we can tackle our planet's climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Join my campaign and, together, we can tackle our planet's climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Join my campaign and, together, we can tackle our planet's climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Join my campaign and, together, we can tackle our planet's climate crisis.
I've been working with on environmental advocacy for a decade now. I'm proud of what we've accomplished together, and hope to continue that vital work as your president. 
No more Moscow Mitch McConnell.No more Leningrad Lindsey Graham.We need Congressional term limits, and we need them now. 
 “If they run polls in the early primary states … then I’ll be in the debates. So, I’ll keep doing the same thing I have bee…
   “There is a hostile corporate takeover of our democracy!” “We need to show up, turnout, win…
 “It’s new for me to be running for president but it’s not new for me to be in  I’ve been here with wor…
I'm about to take the stage at  Watch live: 
A quiet moment with the team and New Hampshire legend Dudley Dudley before hitting the stage at the convention.  
Horrific. Today I stand with Las Vegas and the LGBTQ community. I hope you will join me. We must continue to prove that love WILL conquer hate in this country.
  podcast: Former hedge fund chief and Democratic 2020 hopeful Tom Steyer discusses his efforts to impeach Donal…
  Statement on House Judiciary Formalizing Impeachment Inquiry: 
It’s time to hold the most corrupt president in history to account.  No one is above the law.
 Early states. Big stakes.  
All the things we want––affordable healthcare, quality education, a Green New Deal, the end of our gun violence epidemic––will stay out of reach as long as corporations have a stranglehold on our government. 
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Deregulation and privatization are in the interest of corporations and not people—yet another example of who has the power in Washington. 
Stopped in at the historic Red Arrow Diner in NH this morning. Thanks for having us! 
The only thing Donald Trump cares about is Donald Trump. 
In order to address the climate crisis, we are going to have to rebuild the United States of America. It is an opportunity to give all Americans training for new and better jobs. 
The warming of the planet is impacting the weather. If we do nothing, this will get worse but we must act now. 
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
I really don't give a damn about Mitch McConnell's feelings. 
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
  campaigns in Concord, NH: "I closed a billion-dollar corporate tax loophole and gave the money to the public schoo…
The rich won't pay for climate change—communities of color, the economically disadvantaged, and the disabled will. 

Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
 2020 Watch- Now:  covers  meeting with  at Revelstoke in Concord 
Yet another example of corporations putting profit over people. We need a government that answers to us and not them. 
We all know the corporate powers-that-be dictate what happens in our politics. That’s why I’m dedicated to fixing our broken system, so our democracy works for all of us. Can you pitch in today to help me spread my message?
We can’t afford four more years of Trump. He’s spewing hate, undermining our democracy, and taking us to the brink of ecological catastrophe. I’ve been calling for his impeachment for years. Donate today to help me take him on.
 is the most corrupt president in history. Impeachment is morally imperative—and way overdue.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Coasts are flooding. The climate crisis is real and it's happening -- right now. As president, I’ll act. Donate today to help me bring attention to our planet's urgent climate crisis.
 “From my standpoint, what I’m saying is an order of magnitude different from what everybody else is saying,” t…
They shot Danny right in front of his neighbors. We have a police brutality problem. Black lives matter. 
 “Term limits in Congress, national referendum, easy to vote, corporations aren’t people. Simple stuff... We’ve got to take…
 Tonight 2020 Democratic presidential candidate is on my show to talk the need for House Democra…
 Tom is the only candidate that has gotten world-leading clean energy policy actually enacted by mobilizing Americans at t…
The climate crisis must be addressed on day one. I will declare a national emergency on day one because it IS a national emergency.
 WATCH: Presidential candidate Tom Steyer joins Chuck to talk about how he would deal with climate change as president. 
 2020 Watch: As a  gets underway, -who didn’t qualify to attend- tells “I wi…
We can address the climate crisis and be richer for it. We can create more jobs. I will declare a national climate emergency on day one. We cannot wait. 
 "I think Steyer's probably the only one who knows what he's talking about who has experience with it," said Tom Dalzell,…
We don't need a wall. We need comprehensive and humane immigration reform.  
The Trump administration stands with corporations over students. We must return the power to the people. Reforming the predatory student loan markets is just the first step. 
 Yesterday, held his own climate change town hall in Oakland, CA. 
My friend, is completely right. 
There is blood on Mitch McConnell's hands. He must answer for his inaction. 
Now—more than ever—the freedom of the press must be protected. This is disgusting. 
 My question to was: What are you planning to do about the climate crisis on day one, and how will this directly…
 “We need to move from an extractive economy to a regenerative economy.”  on  as it relates to the…
 Here with at the Climate Emergency Town Hall! Great question, about how we ensure a vibrant…
 has been at the noble work of  for 10 years.  On the ground, talking to voters, changing heart…
 We are in the middle of a climate crisis and it should be a major part of the presidential debate but it’s not. Right NOW,…
 First minute of town hall : shoutout to commitment to  from fossil fuels as key evidence of commitment to c…
 A view of the venue when  holds his solo  forum tonight in  at the California Ballroom h…
 Check CLIMATE TOWN HALL.  I make an appearance soon, talking and asking about Food Access and how it relates…
 Watch Tom Steyer's Climate Change Emergency Broadcast live via YouTube at 5:30 pm PT today.
Join me live from my Oakland climate crisis town hall as I take questions and discuss my plans. 
 Watch Live tonight!   
Last week:- I visited an asylum shelter in San Diego.- my son Gus stopped by the office.- we released nine years of my tax returns.- spoke about Women's Equality Day. 
This is only going to get worse. We need to get smart and take real action to address the climate crisis. 
Donald Trump is a fraud and a failure. 
 We know we’re not alone on this:Voters want to hear candidates to talk about climate solutions on the campaign trail.In ad…
The climate crisis impacts the most economically vulnerable first. This is just one example of the many ways we are letting our neighbors down—and putting them at risk. 
 "Everyone keeps saying climate change is an existential threat, and yet they just carry on like before. I don't understand th…
 Then show us the tax returns.
This entire administration is complicit in corruption and therefore—corrupt themselves. 
I had the honor of spending this morning at the Oakland  Rally for Healthcare Justice. Union workers have always had my deepest respect and support. Thank you for fighting to keep American workers safe and hold corporations accountable. 
 Add one more climate town hall to the mix. has a climate emergency broadcast tomorrow 
On  we celebrate the achievements of organized labor while recognizing there's still important work left to do. One job should be enough. 
 On Labor Day, we honor Workers from the Labor Movement who use their collective power to fight for our rights in the workplace.…
If you can't join us in person in Oakland, we'll also be streaming live and taking questions from Twitter with  for the livestream here: 
Join me on Tuesday, 9/3, for a climate crisis town hall in Oakland. Our planet can't wait, and neither can we. 
Every minute we delay action on climate, we are perpetuating the destruction of the very things that keep human life on earth. We must act now on climate. We have no other choice. 
 Here are the latest Key Messages on Hurricane  Storm surge and hurricane watches have been issued for portions of…
 We are now looking at four consecutive Atlantic hurricane seasons with a Cat 5 storm:2016: Matthew 2017: Irma/Maria20…
Corporations bought our government. Unless we return to a government by and for the people—nothing will change. 
My heart breaks for the West Texas and Alabama communities that are reeling from gun violence this Labor Day weekend. Congress must pass emergency gun legislation immediately.
The Trump economy ensures that the rich get richer and the rest lose wealth—those are the facts. We need a wealth tax. 
The climate crisis is here. This is not a test.Join me on Tues., 9/3, at 5:30pm PT for a Live Climate Change Emergency Broadcast from Oakland. Tweet your questions about climate with  be answering a few.RSVP to join the livestream:
To all those in the path of Hurricane Dorian, please listen to local authorities and evacuate safely if and when instructed. Belongings are replaceable but your life is not.
 Excited to host Climate Change Town Hall in my hometown!  Gonna be good! Join us - in person or online!…
 Yes, I support the decriminalization of sex work.
The climate crisis requires all of us to stand up. It is time to follow the next generation's leadership. 
 Thank you joins at the   Presidential Forum on Sep…
 Here's an early state poll that has us in 5th, you can see the full results here:  
 He's deporting dying children, Marcus.
 Via 
 thank you for your kind words and support. Sending my best regards to you.
Happy birthday to the fiercest leader of our time. Truly humbled to call this man a friend and an inspiration for the work we seek to do.
 From New York City, listening to being interviewed on For decades, has executed and inves…
We are doing the bare minimum to protect our elections from interference. The FEC needs reform⁠—not abolishment by neglect. 
 Another Democratic presidential hopeful who is Not Happy with the nixing of the virtual caucuses: He's calli…
My mom was a public school teacher and my dad was an attorney who prosecuted the Nazis at Nuremberg. They taught me that our duty is to stand up for what's right. 
 Would love for you to take a look at my full plan:
 Opinion: "If, collectively and internationally, we don’t care enough for future generations to pay the price for their survival, w…
 Because they are human beings who are going to die if we do not help them. It's true that the healthcare system is broken and needs improvement, but that's no excuse to neglect sick children.
 More than 170 news outlets across USA and around the world, with a combined audience of hundreds of millions of people,…
 The for-profit bail industry reaps billions from keeping those who can't pay behind bars, and it's the biggest hurdle for bail re…
Donald Trump is a monster. 
Maybe you want to see my tax returns. Maybe you don’t. But since I’m running for president, I think you should have access to them––so I put them online.Maybe someday Putin will let you release yours,
The climate crisis isn't coming––it's already here. We must use all powers at our disposal to save this planet. As president, I will declare climate change a national emergency on day one.
 There's a crisis at the border, but not the one Mr. Trump would have you believe it is. I would say it's a crisis––at least on a moral level––that we're keeping children in cages.
We can’t keep offering temporary solutions to the crisis at the border. Tent courthouses and detention camps aren’t a long-term plan. We need comprehensive immigration reform.
 Because it's the right thing to do.
My wife Kat and I are releasing ten years of our federal, state, charitable, and political tax returns––and it didn't even require a subpoena. We believe in transparency.Records for 2009-2017 are available now, with 2018 to be released later this year.
An additional 1% wealth tax on Charles Koch would generate $504 million in tax revenue. And that's just one billionaire.It's time to pay up. 
It’s starting to seem like this guy really would have to shoot someone in broad daylight before our Congress holds him accountable in any meaningful way.
An EPA that favors corporations and doesn’t believe in climate science is functionally useless. Doing this as the world burns is negligent beyond belief. 
Make no mistake: Donald Trump wants to do away with all forms of birthright citizenship because he wants to pick and choose who gets to be an American—an idea that attacks the values at the core of our nation. 
 Absolutely. If I am not the candidate, I will offer my full support to the person who earns the nomination.
What is hiding? 
 I intend to.
 I will help the Senate, regardless of the outcome of the presidential primary.
While I'm disappointed that I won't be on the debate stage in Houston this month, I'm excited by all the support you've shown us. We started this campaign to get corporate influence out of politics, and I won't stop fighting until the government belongs to the people again.
Today, on the 56th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s “I Have a Dream” speech, I reflect on Dr. King’s life and legacy—an enduring reminder for us all that telling the truth is not always easy or popular, but it is always right.
 It was an honor to be in this race with you, Senator. Thank you for always speaking up so fearlessly for your convictions.
We need a wealth tax. 
 ‘It is insane that a 16-year-old has to cross the Atlantic Ocean to make a stand.’ — sent this message to t…
Welcome, Greta! Thank you for your commitment and dedication to solving the climate crisis. We need your voice and your generation. 
I believe that it’s time for a new wealth tax in this country: 1% annually on the wealthiest 0.1% of Americans. Our country gets stronger when we all do our part, not when the powerful write laws that benefit themselves at the cost of everyone else.
Tax cuts for the richest Americans ONLY benefit the richest Americans.When we don't pay up, it means roads aren’t getting fixed, schools aren’t being properly funded, and too many people can’t find affordable housing.
As a billionaire, I’m entitled under current law to pay less on my taxes than most Americans. For years, they've claimed that if wealthy families pay less in taxes, magically, everyone else will benefit.As a former investor, I can tell you: none of that actually works.
I'm personally of the opinion that the $29.8 billion in approved disaster relief funding that they've yet to receive might be more helpful to Puerto Rico than another series of unhinged tweets. 
Donald Trump’s immigration policies are inhumane and against our most basic values. Yesterday, I saw for myself when I visited a shelter in San Diego for immigrants seeking asylum. We cannot continue to treat human beings this way. 
 Thank you, for participating in  you at Sept. 19-20. 
We should be planting more trees, but instead the president is selling out our planet and our future so logging companies can make a few extra bucks. 
 Sounds like they could use a new president.
 A question for this moment from If the Earth’s lungs were on fire and the doctor refused to treat it, wo…
As Dorian moves towards Puerto Rico, the president is diverting funds away from disaster relief to fund his border wall. He is a racist—and his lack of sense will cost lives. 
David: next time I'm in Charlotte, my team and I will join you at to register even more voters. 
 I am one qualifying poll away from the September debate.
 Thank you for your kind words of support, Mark. I hope to make you proud.
 In a poll of the Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina, and Nevada, based on over 17,000 interviews with registered voters…
 Tom Steyer is set to tour an immigration center and meet with supporters Tuesday in his first visit to San Diego since de…
There is a gun crisis, a climate crisis, and Russian election interference—just to name a few things. They could be doing so much—they actively choose not to. 
Cyber warfare is the new frontier and we are stuck with a Congress who barely understands how the internet works. We need term limits. 
This president’s ineptitude is not only embarrassing—it is extremely dangerous. 
I commend for her courageous and necessary activism. We have a gun crisis. We need every voice to call for reform. 
  Reports: advocate for climate action, civil rights, and political reform, visits the Center for…
Last week - I had jury duty,- My daughter Evi stopped by, - I spoke with about reparations, - And a bunch of us went to the meeting in my hometown of San Francisco. 
Donald Trump is the source of the chaos in our country and our diminished role in the world. His presidency is a failure on all fronts. 
We have not yet achieved gender equality in our society. It’s clear when lawmakers try to ban access to contraception and abortion. We see it in women’s paychecks, especially those of women of color. On  we must recommit ourselves to the work yet to be done.
🤦‍♂️ 
Wednesday deadline approaching: There have been NO DNC debate-qualifying polls in South Carolina in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in South Carolina should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There have been NO DNC debate-qualifying polls in South Carolina in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in South Carolina should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There have been NO DNC debate-qualifying polls in South Carolina in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in South Carolina should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There have been NO DNC debate-qualifying polls in South Carolina in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in South Carolina should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There have been NO DNC debate-qualifying polls in Nevada in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in Nevada should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There have been NO DNC debate-qualifying polls in Nevada in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in Nevada should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There have been NO DNC debate-qualifying polls in Nevada in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in Nevada should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There have been NO DNC debate-qualifying polls in Nevada in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in Nevada should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There have been NO DNC debate-qualifying polls in New Hampshire in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in New Hampshire should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There have been NO DNC debate-qualifying polls in New Hampshire in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in New Hampshire should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There have been NO DNC debate-qualifying polls in New Hampshire in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in New Hampshire should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There have been NO DNC debate-qualifying polls in New Hampshire in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in New Hampshire should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There has only been one DNC debate-qualifying poll in Iowa in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in Iowa should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There has only been one DNC debate-qualifying poll in Iowa in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in Iowa should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There has only been one DNC debate-qualifying poll in Iowa in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in Iowa should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
Wednesday deadline approaching: There has only been one DNC debate-qualifying poll in Iowa in nearly a month. Your voice matters, but it’s not being heard -- voters like you in Iowa should get a say before the deadline on Wednesday. Add your name.
The Amazon is on fire and Donald Trump didn't even go to the G7 climate meeting.
The climate crisis is already here. We don't have time for science denial or half-steps. On day one of my presidency, I'll declare climate change a national emergency and use the full powers of the executive office to help save our only planet. 
Latinx, Black, and Asian American voters care the most about climate, energy, and pollution. We don't have to build a coalition––it already exists. We must start with those who are already paying attention. 
Donald Trump is a fraud and a failure. 
No issue exists in a vacuum. The first step to comprehensive immigration reform is examining the factors that cause mass migration in the first place—which means we need a president who understands that climate change is real. 
Immigrants make America great. 
 Democratic presidential candidate Tom Steyer: "Let me start by saying that every candidate that you hear today, and every one…
Our desperate and out-of-control president is thrashing and flailing about trying to rescue his failed trade policy. We need a president who ACTUALLY knows what they're doing. This guy is a mess.
November’s Woolsey Fire destroyed 1500 structures––but only took 3 lives. That’s how good the LA Fire Department is, but even they cannot change the fact that climate change will bring hotter temperatures and more intense fires. We must do our part to address the climate crisis. 
Great meeting you today, Jorge! Together we'll get this country back on the right track. 
 "As president, I would insist the DNC not take one single penny from any corporation," declares at DNC meeting.…
 Next up “I think having a  is something that the DNC should sponsor.” 
  "Every one of you sitting in those seats is more qualified, more decent, and more patriotic than the criminal sitti…
We know the stakes are high in this election. That's why it's not just winning that's important, but HOW we win.Let Republicans be the party of corporations. Let's return to being the party of the people.
We believe:- corporations are not people.- every minute we spend taking a corporate check is one less minute we spend talking to a constituent.- we should be the party of the people, not big corporations.So why are we funding the with cash from Comcast and Pfizer?
But how can we expect to hold Washington to a higher standard if we can’t hold ourselves to it first?If I’m elected president, I will make sure the does not accept a dime from any corporation. 
We must beat Donald Trump in 2020. But we also must chart a winning path for the future of It’s time we walked the walk. If we don’t, our progressive values ring hollow in a nation yearning for real change.
  greeting the volunteers at the summer meeting!  
Team Tom is out in full force at the DNC meeting today! 
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
We need a coalition for a global solution to climate change, before it's too late. 
Is this what it’s come to? Bulletproof backpacks? School hallways modeled after war trenches? We cannot simply accept the inevitability of school shootings. We need comprehensive gun control. 
We cannot continue to put our trust in a deeply entrenched Congress. The gun crisis is not going away. Every day we delay action is deadly. Mitch McConnell’s inaction is deeply offensive.
I have an idea. We could impeach him. 
We can get to 100% renewable energy. Let's win together. Thank you, for the tour of your hydro-electric system in Aspen. 
Our National Distributed Organizing Director, Clarice, discusses the importance of  
The Trump tax cuts were just the beginning of bad economic policy that will resonate for decades to come. Letting a bankrupt mobster run the largest economy in the world was never a good idea. 
 I agree with you.
 Democratic presidential candidate joined ; this afternoon to talk about his stance on the…
 2020 candidate Tom Steyer: "The climate crisis is the most important issue facing our country. We must have an officially…
Current levels of acceptable air pollution can be deadly and the Trump administration continues to roll back these guidelines. I will declare a national emergency on day one to address the climate crisis. 
 I don't have a jet.
Extremely disappointed in today. The climate crisis is the most important issue facing our country. We must have an officially sanctioned, televised debate to hear exactly how each candidate will protect this planet.
We cannot simply wall off the United States from the rest of the world. Climate change is a global problem that will require global solutions. 
Even though only Iowa and New Hampshire vote before Nevada in the Democratic primary, there haven’t been many NV polls. Since I need to hit 2% in one more DNC-approved poll to make the next debate, I want to make sure your voice is being heard. Will you sign my petition?
Even though only Iowa and New Hampshire vote before Nevada in the Democratic primary, there haven’t been many NV polls. Since I need to hit 2% in one more DNC-approved poll to make the next debate, I want to make sure your voice is being heard. Will you sign my petition?
Even though only Iowa and New Hampshire vote before Nevada in the Democratic primary, there haven’t been many NV polls. Since I need to hit 2% in one more DNC-approved poll to make the next debate, I want to make sure your voice is being heard. Will you sign my petition?
Even though only Iowa and New Hampshire vote before Nevada in the Democratic primary, there haven’t been many NV polls. Since I need to hit 2% in one more DNC-approved poll to make the next debate, I want to make sure your voice is being heard. Will you sign my petition?
As a Nevada voter, your voice is critical to helping me make the next debate — candidates must hit 2% in the polls. But since there haven’t been many NV polls, I need to ensure you’re being heard. Can you add your name?
As a Nevada voter, your voice is critical to helping me make the next debate — candidates must hit 2% in the polls. But since there haven’t been many NV polls, I need to ensure you’re being heard. Can you add your name?
As a Nevada voter, your voice is critical to helping me make the next debate — candidates must hit 2% in the polls. But since there haven’t been many NV polls, I need to ensure you’re being heard. Can you add your name?
As a Nevada voter, your voice is critical to helping me make the next debate — candidates must hit 2% in the polls. But since there haven’t been many NV polls, I need to ensure you’re being heard. Can you add your name?
To get on the next debate stage, I need to hit 2% in four DNC-approved polls. There haven’t been many polls in Nevada, so I want to ensure your voice is being heard. Will you sign my petition and help me get to the debates?
To get on the next debate stage, I need to hit 2% in four DNC-approved polls. There haven’t been many polls in Nevada, so I want to ensure your voice is being heard. Will you sign my petition and help me get to the debates?
To get on the next debate stage, I need to hit 2% in four DNC-approved polls. There haven’t been many polls in Nevada, so I want to ensure your voice is being heard. Will you sign my petition and help me get to the debates?
To get on the next debate stage, I need to hit 2% in four DNC-approved polls. There haven’t been many polls in Nevada, so I want to ensure your voice is being heard. Will you sign my petition and help me get to the debates?
Your voice is critical to helping me make the next debate — candidates must hit 2% in four DNC approved polls, But there hasn’t been many NV polls, so I need to ensure you’re being heard. Will you sign my petition?
Your voice is critical to helping me make the next debate — candidates must hit 2% in four DNC approved polls, But there hasn’t been many NV polls, so I need to ensure you’re being heard. Will you sign my petition?
Your voice is critical to helping me make the next debate — candidates must hit 2% in four DNC approved polls, But there hasn’t been many NV polls, so I need to ensure you’re being heard. Will you sign my petition?
Your voice is critical to helping me make the next debate — candidates must hit 2% in four DNC approved polls, But there hasn’t been many NV polls, so I need to ensure you’re being heard. Will you sign my petition?
 thank you for your kind words and support. We need you on Team Tom!
On Black Women’s Equal Pay Day, we must pause to reflect on how much work there is left to do.On average, black women graduate college at a higher rate and still make less money than white men. We will not truly achieve equality until we close the gender and racial pay gaps.
 The is claiming the room is full for the resolutions committee hearing on a  Crowd is chanting “let…
 Amazon deforestation in July was more than triple what it was a year earlier. To see why activists were concerned about thi…
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
Global temperatures are rising. Ice sheets are melting. Glaciers are vanishing. Coasts are flooding. Our planet’s climate crisis is real, and inaction simply isn’t an option. On day one of my presidency, I’ll act on our planet’s climate crisis. Join me.
 is a visionary leader and a friend. We all owe him a debt of gratitude for his wisdom, his commitment, and his basic goodness. Thank you. We will continue the fight against climate change.
The NRA made one phone call to the president and changed the course of gun policy in America. Power should belong to the people--not corporations and lobbyists. 
Meeting all of you on the campaign trail is one of my favorite things. I can't wait to talk to you about how we can work together to build a brighter future for all Americans. 
This isn't funny. 
"Training matters, yes. Accountability matters, certainly. Transparency, indeed. But culture. Changing hearts changing minds, changing our approach to dealing with one another.” Thank you, Governor Newsom. It’s a great day to be at home in California. 
 Couldn't agree more,
Devastating. The Amazon comprises more than half of the world’s remaining rainforest, and it’s burning at the rate of one football field each minute. We must change our relationship with the earth immediately, or risk losing our natural wonders for good. 
 You can check out my climate policy here: 
Climate change is a national emergency. We need to respond with immediate action. It is disturbing that the DNC does not recognize the centrality of this issue. I applaud the for taking action tomorrow at the DNC meeting here in San Francisco and for standing up.
No one in our country should have to work 2 or 3 jobs just to survive. I support the ; as they fight for a living wage for ALL Americans.
Crossing the border illegally is a misdemeanor. Holding families indefinitely without due process is a violation of human rights. We must close the camps immediately or risk losing our humanity. Is this really who we are? 
 Worth noting that was outpokenly opposed to  pretty much from the jump 
 Billionaire presidential candidate has led the biggest campaign to impeach Trump, rejects right-wing claims to…
I am prepared to use the emergency powers of the presidency to take on the climate crisis, protect the American people, redouble our commitment to the Paris Climate Agreement, and establish our global leadership as we build a safer, more sustainable world.  
Thanks for noticing my favorite belt! I bought it on a trip to Kenya from female artisans. I wear it as a reminder not to be so formal, and also as a symbol that the world is a better place when we educate women and girls. 
Donald Trump keeps weaponizing allegations of anti-Semitism to stoke fear of our first Muslim Congresswomen and divide an already fractured country.He’s scared of the changing face of Congress because he’s a racist, and he knows his days in office are numbered.
The gun crisis will not be solved with big broken promises. We need background checks and we need them now. 
 An annual wealth tax on just the 75,000 richest U.S. households would generate $275 billion/year.That's enough to give every…
Officer Pantaleo is only one police officer in one city. Black and brown Americans know that every interaction with a cop could reveal another. There is a crisis of police violence against our neighbors. We must speak out and stop it.  
 Way ahead of you. I signed the Giving Pledge in 2011 as a promise to donate at least half of my net worth in my lifetime.
Institutional racism, discriminatory government policies, ; unequal treatment have robbed generations of African-American families the ability to acquire economic wealth ; deprived them of justice and equality for all. We are long overdue to have a conversation about reparations.
When you let an unfocused narcissist who has zero business acumen run the country, this is what happens. Anyone with a basic understanding of economics knew his policies would backfire. The economy is not a casino, Mr. Trump. 
 “Climate is a global problem. We have to lead a coalition - and why would they listen to the US unless we have our house in o…
We must make thoughtful and informed choices to fight white supremacy in every place it exists–especially in our current political landscape. 
Had an amazing time in Iowa! Thank you for your hospitality. Can't wait to come visit again soon. 
 Thank you for the kind words and for your support.
The government is broken. There has been a hostile corporate takeover. We need grassroots energy and an outsider like me. Join us.  
 Just so we're clear, conservatives argue that America was more united when we were literally segregated and that things ar…
Planned Parenthood provides vital services to the people who need it most. The Title X gag rule is just another Trump policy aimed at mollifying his base while punishing low-income citizens. There’s nothing “pro-life” about reducing access to health care.
More renewable energy. More clean energy. We just need a concentrated national effort. I will lead that effort on day one. 
 Billionaire presidential candidate has led the biggest campaign to impeach Trump, rejects right-wing claims to…
The country is on the precipice of a recession and the Trump administration has no clue what to do about it except blame each other. 
 The fact that it took 5 years, international activism, and multiple investigations to get Daniel Pantaleo fired for kil…
Mixed emotions today. Glad to finally see some justice in this case, but ashamed that it took five years to get there.
 This week on the Podcast, and I talk to the real live candidate for president abo…
This week, I will answer a summons for jury duty in my home city of San Francisco. At a time when Donald Trump is constantly undermining our legal norms, I can think of no stronger response to his criminal behavior than fulfilling my civic obligation.
Donald Trump is an idiot. 
We don't have an unemployment problem in this country. We have a wage problem in this country. One job should be enough––and it can be, if we take our government back from major corporations. Are you in?  
If we demolish the corporate stranglehold on our government and return the power to the people, our future will be brighter than we can possibly imagine. 
The newest student loan watchdog used to work in the very industry he is appointed to regulate. We need leadership that works for students—not the banks. 
Thank you, for the tour of your hydro-electric system in Aspen. We each play a role in alleviating the climate crisis, and it is my honor to meet those who are dedicated to taking immediate action. 
 It was an honor to meet 2020 presidential candidate who is advocating for the kind of climate legislation that…
 It was great to meet you, Xiye!
Corporations are exerting exponential influence in our society. We must remember that our democracy belongs to us—the people. Shell’s actions to protect the fragile ego of this president are unacceptable. 
 "Everything about this rollback of protections is intended to make it more difficult to save wildlife and the habitat it ne…
 There’s a video from the police officer’s body camera linked in the article, but I would advise that it is graphic and disturbing.
In Colorado today, reflecting on the tragic loss of De’Von Bailey. Police shot him in the back as he ran in fear.One in 1,000 black boys ; men will die at the hands of the very people who are supposed to keep us safe. How is this justice?
 Thank you for committing to the  pledge. Also thank you for coming to Nebraska during the KXL fight and hel…
I’m running for president to restore America’s credibility abroad because Donald Trump has destroyed our international reputation and weakened our alliances. When it comes to foreign policy, we can’t go at it alone: We need our allies. Will you join us?
I’m running for president to restore America’s credibility abroad because Donald Trump has destroyed our international reputation and weakened our alliances. When it comes to foreign policy, we can’t go at it alone: We need our allies. Will you join us?
I’m running for president to restore America’s credibility abroad because Donald Trump has destroyed our international reputation and weakened our alliances. When it comes to foreign policy, we can’t go at it alone: We need our allies. Will you join us?
I’m running for president to restore America’s credibility abroad because Donald Trump has destroyed our international reputation and weakened our alliances. When it comes to foreign policy, we can’t go at it alone: We need our allies. Will you join us?
Trump has destroyed our international reputation. I’m running for president to restore America’s credibility abroad because when it comes to foreign policy, we can’t go at it alone. Join my campaign to help me take on Donald Trump.
Trump has destroyed our international reputation. I’m running for president to restore America’s credibility abroad because when it comes to foreign policy, we can’t go at it alone. Join my campaign to help me take on Donald Trump.
Trump has destroyed our international reputation. I’m running for president to restore America’s credibility abroad because when it comes to foreign policy, we can’t go at it alone. Join my campaign to help me take on Donald Trump.
Trump has destroyed our international reputation. I’m running for president to restore America’s credibility abroad because when it comes to foreign policy, we can’t go at it alone. Join my campaign to help me take on Donald Trump.
Corporations have no interest in what is best for the common good. They only care about profit. I have a long history of fighting the utilities to protect consumers and the environment, and I will declare climate change a national emergency on day one.
Denver is so lucky to have a space like for nonprofit organizations to collaborate. Thank you for allowing me to visit today. I'm truly inspired by what you've built. 
 Our live interview with 2020 presidential candidate, is sold out! But you can still join the conversation via ou…
America has lost a coherent vision for the economy as well as for foreign policy. Mr. Trump is as incompetent and clueless at sustaining prosperity—as he is reckless and destructive—in his approach to our allies and counterparts abroad.
 I plan to! You can learn more here: 
The longer a person serves in Congress, the deeper the ties to corporations and other questionable groups can become. My plan would limit members of Congress to 12 years of service. That would mean an enthusiastic goodbye to Mitch McConnell. 
 I couldn't agree more. We must acknowledge science. If you have a moment, please take a look at my plans to take on our climate crisis: 
 Hi, I couldn't agree more. If you are interested in the ways I plan to address our climate crisis, please check out  Thank you for your support.
 July was the hottest month on Earth, with the planet missing 1 million square miles of sea ice, via The Washington Post 
The NRA has too much power in Washington. Until we break the stranglehold special interests have on our democracy, gun violence will only continue. I’m calling for a national referendum that will enable Americans to pass common-sense gun safety legislation. Will you join me?
The NRA has too much power in Washington. Until we break the stranglehold special interests have on our democracy, gun violence will only continue. I’m calling for a national referendum that will enable Americans to pass common-sense gun safety legislation. Will you join me?
The NRA has too much power in Washington. Until we break the stranglehold special interests have on our democracy, gun violence will only continue. I’m calling for a national referendum that will enable Americans to pass common-sense gun safety legislation. Will you join me?
We all know that as long as the NRA can buy political influence, gun violence will continue. That’s why I’m calling for a national referendum that will enable the people to pass common-sense gun safety legislation. If you’re ready to retake our democracy, will you add your name?
We all know that as long as the NRA can buy political influence, gun violence will continue. That’s why I’m calling for a national referendum that will enable the people to pass common-sense gun safety legislation. If you’re ready to retake our democracy, will you add your name?
We all know that as long as the NRA can buy political influence, gun violence will continue. That’s why I’m calling for a national referendum that will enable the people to pass common-sense gun safety legislation. If you’re ready to retake our democracy, will you add your name?
I’m not afraid to call out Donald Trump for his disgusting lies, bigotry, and racism. But I need your help to keep building momentum so I can take Trump on directly. Will you donate just $1 to my campaign today?
I’m not afraid to call out Donald Trump for his disgusting lies, bigotry, and racism. But I need your help to keep building momentum so I can take Trump on directly. Will you donate just $1 to my campaign today?
I’m not afraid to call out Donald Trump for his disgusting lies, bigotry, and racism. But I need your help to keep building momentum so I can take Trump on directly. Will you donate just $1 to my campaign today?
I’m not afraid to call out Donald Trump for his disgusting lies, bigotry, and racism. But I need your help to keep building momentum so I can take Trump on directly. Will you donate just $1 to my campaign today?
I’m not afraid to call out Donald Trump for his disgusting lies, bigotry, and racism. But I need your help to keep building momentum so I can take Trump on directly. Will you donate just $1 to my campaign today?
I’m not afraid to call out Donald Trump for his disgusting lies, bigotry, and racism. But I need your help to keep building momentum so I can take Trump on directly. Will you donate just $1 to my campaign today?
I’ve known Donald Trump was unfit for office since the very beginning. As the Democratic nominee for president, I’ll take the fight directly to Trump — and I’ll win. Will you donate just $1 today to help me keep building momentum?
I’ve known Donald Trump was unfit for office since the very beginning. As the Democratic nominee for president, I’ll take the fight directly to Trump — and I’ll win. Will you donate just $1 today to help me keep building momentum?
I’ve known Donald Trump was unfit for office since the very beginning. As the Democratic nominee for president, I’ll take the fight directly to Trump — and I’ll win. Will you donate just $1 today to help me keep building momentum?
I’ve known Donald Trump was unfit for office since the very beginning. As the Democratic nominee for president, I’ll take the fight directly to Trump — and I’ll win. Will you donate just $1 today to help me keep building momentum?
I’ve known Donald Trump was unfit for office since the very beginning. As the Democratic nominee for president, I’ll take the fight directly to Trump — and I’ll win. Will you donate just $1 today to help me keep building momentum?
I’ve known Donald Trump was unfit for office since the very beginning. As the Democratic nominee for president, I’ll take the fight directly to Trump — and I’ll win. Will you donate just $1 today to help me keep building momentum?
I'm proud to sign pledge to support fair districts and end partisan gerrymandering. For too long, district lines have been drawn in service of rigging the system. Voters are supposed to pick their representatives––not the other way around. 
 Grateful to have visit today to talk about the important issues he is running on and the ones…
A sovereign nation just had to explicitly tell the president that they are not for sale. The Trump presidency is a disaster. 
Why we need Congressional term limits, in six words:Mitch McConnellLindsey GrahamChuck Grassley 
The biggest question heading into 2020 isn't which healthcare policy is best. The question we should be asking is: how do we break the corporate stranglehold on Congress so that any of these plans come to fruition? 
Donald Trump never should have issued permits for the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines. As president, I'd halt construction immediately. Proud to sign the  Pledge.
White supremacy is impacting the most vulnerable among us at a cellular level. This is about more than racist rhetoric. It’s about a system that’s rigged from before birth. Our children deserve better. 
I'm the only outsider running for president who can beat Trump on the one issue he polls well on: the economy. I've successfully taken on Big Tobacco and Big Oil — I won't be bought by corporate money or interests.
I'm the only outsider running for president who can beat Trump on the one issue he polls well on: the economy. I've successfully taken on Big Tobacco and Big Oil — I won't be bought by corporate money or interests.
I'm the only outsider running for president who can beat Trump on the one issue he polls well on: the economy. I've successfully taken on Big Tobacco and Big Oil — I won't be bought by corporate money or interests.
I'm the only outsider running for president who can beat Trump on the one issue he polls well on: the economy. I've successfully taken on Big Tobacco and Big Oil — I won't be bought by corporate money or interests.
I'm the only outsider running for president who can beat Trump on the one issue he polls well on: the economy. I've successfully taken on Big Tobacco and Big Oil — I won't be bought by corporate money or interests.
I'm the only outsider running for president who can beat Trump on the one issue he polls well on: the economy. I've successfully taken on Big Tobacco and Big Oil — I won't be bought by corporate money or interests.
As a self-made billionaire, I know I have a responsibility to put my money where my morals are. That’s why I launched NextGen Climate, then NextGen America, and Need To Impeach. Will you donate $1 to help me keep fighting for our progressive values?
As a self-made billionaire, I know I have a responsibility to put my money where my morals are. That’s why I launched NextGen Climate, then NextGen America, and Need To Impeach. Will you donate $1 to help me keep fighting for our progressive values?
As a self-made billionaire, I know I have a responsibility to put my money where my morals are. That’s why I launched NextGen Climate, then NextGen America, and Need To Impeach. Will you donate $1 to help me keep fighting for our progressive values?
From getting out the youth vote to pushing for impeachment and action on the climate crisis, I have a long track record of putting my money where my morals are. Will you give just $1 to help me keep fighting for progressive values?
From getting out the youth vote to pushing for impeachment and action on the climate crisis, I have a long track record of putting my money where my morals are. Will you give just $1 to help me keep fighting for progressive values?
From getting out the youth vote to pushing for impeachment and action on the climate crisis, I have a long track record of putting my money where my morals are. Will you give just $1 to help me keep fighting for progressive values?
For the past 3 years, I've been inspired by activism and commitment to speaking truth even when it's inconvenient. Black Americans are still three-times as likely to be killed by police since he began his protest.
I’m not afraid to call out Donald Trump for his disgusting lies, bigotry, and racism. But I need your help to keep building momentum so I can take Trump on directly. Will you donate just $1 to my campaign today?
I’m not afraid to call out Donald Trump for his disgusting lies, bigotry, and racism. But I need your help to keep building momentum so I can take Trump on directly. Will you donate just $1 to my campaign today?
I’m not afraid to call out Donald Trump for his disgusting lies, bigotry, and racism. But I need your help to keep building momentum so I can take Trump on directly. Will you donate just $1 to my campaign today?
I’ve known Donald Trump was unfit for office since the very beginning. As the Democratic nominee for president, I’ll take the fight directly to Trump — and I’ll win. Will you donate just $1 today to help me keep building momentum?
I’ve known Donald Trump was unfit for office since the very beginning. As the Democratic nominee for president, I’ll take the fight directly to Trump — and I’ll win. Will you donate just $1 today to help me keep building momentum?
I’ve known Donald Trump was unfit for office since the very beginning. As the Democratic nominee for president, I’ll take the fight directly to Trump — and I’ll win. Will you donate just $1 today to help me keep building momentum?
It's insane that and are being called anti-Semitic when the pawns of this administration are doing THIS to Jewish protestors. This is state sponsored violence against peaceful protestors. 
Everyone must be able to vote with no discrimination and no barriers. Participation in our government is the foundation of this country.But the continues to make it harder for Americans to vote. Why are they so afraid of fair elections? 
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. The momentum is real. Are you ready to join my campaign?
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. The momentum is real. Are you ready to join my campaign?
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. The momentum is real. Are you ready to join my campaign?
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! We’ve outpaced candidates who’ve been in the race far longer than I have, thanks to grassroots supporters like you. The momentum is real. Are you ready to join the movement?
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! We’ve outpaced candidates who’ve been in the race far longer than I have, thanks to grassroots supporters like you. The momentum is real. Are you ready to join the movement?
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! We’ve outpaced candidates who’ve been in the race far longer than I have, thanks to grassroots supporters like you. The momentum is real. Are you ready to join the movement?
We reached 130,000 individual donors, and our campaign has hit 4% in early state polls! The momentum is real. Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. Will you join my campaign?
We reached 130,000 individual donors, and our campaign has hit 4% in early state polls! The momentum is real. Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. Will you join my campaign?
We reached 130,000 individual donors, and our campaign has hit 4% in early state polls! The momentum is real. Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. Will you join my campaign?
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! You’ve shown me that you’re determined to hold this fraud and failure of a president accountable. Are you ready to return power to the American people?
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! You’ve shown me that you’re determined to hold this fraud and failure of a president accountable. Are you ready to return power to the American people?
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! You’ve shown me that you’re determined to hold this fraud and failure of a president accountable. Are you ready to return power to the American people?
 It was a pleasure to meet you, De'Marcus!
 Last week I got the opportunity to tell Tom Steyer about Climate Currents and issues with Cancer Alley in Louisiana. It wa…
Donald Trump’s white nationalist rhetoric has radicalized his base and inspired a wave of violence.As president, I will direct more resources to monitor, investigate, and prosecute incidents of white supremacist violence as acts of domestic terrorism. 
Mr. Trump’s attempt to isolate, vilify, ; stigmatize members of Congress with whom he disagrees strikes at the central notion of our democracy ; continues his attempt to separate ; divide Americans along racial and religious lines, and further his bigoted and destructive agenda.
Donald Trump’s demand that Israel bar the entry of Representatives Omar and Tlaib as U.S. officials is an affront to core American ideals. His divisive demands of our allies are contrary to the principles of free speech and open, vigorous dialogue.
When Big Oil tried to overturn California’s clean air laws, I helped mobilize a grassroots effort to take them on — and win. That’s because change happens best when it’s led by the people. Will you help us build our people-powered campaign? Join the team:
When Big Oil tried to overturn California’s clean air laws, I helped mobilize a grassroots effort to take them on — and win. That’s because change happens best when it’s led by the people. Will you help us build our people-powered campaign? Join the team:
When Big Oil tried to overturn California’s clean air laws, I helped mobilize a grassroots effort to take them on — and win. That’s because change happens best when it’s led by the people. Will you help us build our people-powered campaign? Join the team:
When Big Oil tried to overturn California’s clean air laws, I helped mobilize a grassroots effort to take them on — and win. That’s because change happens best when it’s led by the people. Will you help us build our people-powered campaign? Join the team:
By going directly to the people, I helped take on Big Tobacco and WIN. Change happens best when people come together. Now, I need your support to keep building momentum to defeat Donald Trump. Will you join my grassroots movement today?
By going directly to the people, I helped take on Big Tobacco and WIN. Change happens best when people come together. Now, I need your support to keep building momentum to defeat Donald Trump. Will you join my grassroots movement today?
By going directly to the people, I helped take on Big Tobacco and WIN. Change happens best when people come together. Now, I need your support to keep building momentum to defeat Donald Trump. Will you join my grassroots movement today?
By going directly to the people, I helped take on Big Tobacco and WIN. Change happens best when people come together. Now, I need your support to keep building momentum to defeat Donald Trump. Will you join my grassroots movement today?
I trust the people, not the politicians in Washington. Let's make change happen together. 
 You can read more about how I’ll address gerrymandering in my structural reform plan: 
There have been more mass shootings than days in 2019. Thoughts and prayers are meaningless at this point. come back from recess and DO. YOUR. JOB.
We’ve tolerated science denial from the highest office in our country for far too long. As president, I will declare climate change a national emergency on day one. 
Climate change affects people all over the world, but especially in low-income communities and communities of color. I’ve spent years fighting for clean energy and healthy communities, and I’m ready to take my fight to the White House. Are you with me?
Climate change affects people all over the world, but especially in low-income communities and communities of color. I’ve spent years fighting for clean energy and healthy communities, and I’m ready to take my fight to the White House. Are you with me?
Climate change affects people all over the world, but especially in low-income communities and communities of color. I’ve spent years fighting for clean energy and healthy communities, and I’m ready to take my fight to the White House. Are you with me?
 Ha! You're right.
 Live now on 2020 candidate Tom Steyer talks with about reaching the donor threshhold for the next Democratic…
If you believe America needs to tackle the climate crisis, stop corporate money from influencing politics, and create meaningful reform, help me get to Washington. Donate $1 today.
If you believe America needs to tackle the climate crisis, stop corporate money from influencing politics, and create meaningful reform, help me get to Washington. Donate $1 today.
If you believe America needs to tackle the climate crisis, stop corporate money from influencing politics, and create meaningful reform, help me get to Washington. Donate $1 today.
If you believe America needs to tackle the climate crisis, stop corporate money from influencing politics, and create meaningful reform, help me get to Washington. Donate $1 today.
If you believe America needs to tackle the climate crisis, stop corporate money from influencing politics, and create meaningful reform, help me get to Washington. Donate $1 today.
If you believe America needs to tackle the climate crisis, stop corporate money from influencing politics, and create meaningful reform, help me get to Washington. Donate $1 today.
If you believe America needs to tackle the climate crisis, stop corporate money from influencing politics, and create meaningful reform, help me get to Washington. Donate $1 today.
If you believe it’s time to tackle the climate crisis and make healthcare more affordable, we need to fix our government, so it works for the people. Help me reform Washington. Donate $1 now.
If you believe it’s time to tackle the climate crisis and make healthcare more affordable, we need to fix our government, so it works for the people. Help me reform Washington. Donate $1 now.
If you believe it’s time to tackle the climate crisis and make healthcare more affordable, we need to fix our government, so it works for the people. Help me reform Washington. Donate $1 now.
If you believe it’s time to tackle the climate crisis and make healthcare more affordable, we need to fix our government, so it works for the people. Help me reform Washington. Donate $1 now.
If you believe it’s time to tackle the climate crisis and make healthcare more affordable, we need to fix our government, so it works for the people. Help me reform Washington. Donate $1 now.
If you believe it’s time to tackle the climate crisis and make healthcare more affordable, we need to fix our government, so it works for the people. Help me reform Washington. Donate $1 now.
If you believe it’s time to tackle the climate crisis and make healthcare more affordable, we need to fix our government, so it works for the people. Help me reform Washington. Donate $1 now.
Where is the leader of the free world when freedom and democracy are under attack?
 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Tom Steyer on Trump's contribution to US market fears: "Americans should be worried…
I’m ready to beat Donald Trump. I’ve taken on dirty energy and Big Tobacco, and I was one of the first Democrats to call for Trump’s impeachment because it was the morally right thing to do. Will you chip in $1 to help me take on this lawless president?
I led the largest youth voter mobilization effort in U.S. history, and I was one of the first to call for Trump’s impeachment because it was the morally right thing to do. I’m ready to take on Donald Trump, with YOUR help. Can you donate $1?
I’m ready to beat Donald Trump. I’ve taken on dirty energy and Big Tobacco, and I was one of the first Democrats to call for Trump’s impeachment because it was the morally right thing to do. Will you chip in $1 to help me take on this lawless president?
I led the largest youth voter mobilization effort in U.S. history, and I was one of the first to call for Trump’s impeachment because it was the morally right thing to do. I’m ready to take on Donald Trump, with YOUR help. Can you donate $1?
I’m ready to beat Donald Trump. I’ve taken on dirty energy and Big Tobacco, and I was one of the first Democrats to call for Trump’s impeachment because it was the morally right thing to do. Will you chip in $1 to help me take on this lawless president?
I led the largest youth voter mobilization effort in U.S. history, and I was one of the first to call for Trump’s impeachment because it was the morally right thing to do. I’m ready to take on Donald Trump, with YOUR help. Can you donate $1?
I’m ready to beat Donald Trump. I’ve taken on dirty energy and Big Tobacco, and I was one of the first Democrats to call for Trump’s impeachment because it was the morally right thing to do. Will you chip in $1 to help me take on this lawless president?
I led the largest youth voter mobilization effort in U.S. history, and I was one of the first to call for Trump’s impeachment because it was the morally right thing to do. I’m ready to take on Donald Trump, with YOUR help. Can you donate $1?
I’m ready to beat Donald Trump. I’ve taken on dirty energy and Big Tobacco, and I was one of the first Democrats to call for Trump’s impeachment because it was the morally right thing to do. Will you chip in $1 to help me take on this lawless president?
I led the largest youth voter mobilization effort in U.S. history, and I was one of the first to call for Trump’s impeachment because it was the morally right thing to do. I’m ready to take on Donald Trump, with YOUR help. Can you donate $1?
I’m ready to beat Donald Trump. I’ve taken on dirty energy and Big Tobacco, and I was one of the first Democrats to call for Trump’s impeachment because it was the morally right thing to do. Will you chip in $1 to help me take on this lawless president?
I led the largest youth voter mobilization effort in U.S. history, and I was one of the first to call for Trump’s impeachment because it was the morally right thing to do. I’m ready to take on Donald Trump, with YOUR help. Can you donate $1?
Donald Trump lost billions in his business career while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Now he’s doing the same to our economy. 
 has been––and always will be––a disgrace to the US Congress. He should apologize and then resign.
 My pleasure! Great meeting you both.
 Fairness is the cornerstone of democracy, and your Fair Fight 2020 initiative is what our country needs right now. Thank you.“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.”
 Tom Steyer said it 100% right last night: Trump is turning the United States into o…
Donald Trump has irreparably damaged America’s standing in the global community. If we want to be the greatest nation in the world, we need to start acting like it. 
  chasing the last poll he needs to qualify for the September debate, up with a new ad on his outsider push: na…
 Opinion: It’s been 5 years since a police officer killed my son, Michael Brown. Nothing has changed. 
We reached 130,000 individual donors, and our campaign has hit 4% in early state polls! The momentum is real. Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. Join me by donating $1 today!
We reached 130,000 individual donors, and our campaign has hit 4% in early state polls! The momentum is real. Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. Join me by donating $1 today!
We reached 130,000 individual donors, and our campaign has hit 4% in early state polls! The momentum is real. Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. Join me by donating $1 today!
We reached 130,000 individual donors, and our campaign has hit 4% in early state polls! The momentum is real. Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. Join me by donating $1 today!
We reached 130,000 individual donors, and our campaign has hit 4% in early state polls! The momentum is real. Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. Join me by donating $1 today!
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. The momentum is real. Donate today to join my campaign!
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. The momentum is real. Donate today to join my campaign!
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. The momentum is real. Donate today to join my campaign!
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. The momentum is real. Donate today to join my campaign!
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! Voters are ready to hear how we can end corporate influence in our politics and return power to the people. The momentum is real. Donate today to join my campaign!
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! You’ve shown me that you’re determined to hold this fraud and failure of a president accountable. Can you donate today to help me return power to the American people?
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! You’ve shown me that you’re determined to hold this fraud and failure of a president accountable. Can you donate today to help me return power to the American people?
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! You’ve shown me that you’re determined to hold this fraud and failure of a president accountable. Can you donate today to help me return power to the American people?
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! You’ve shown me that you’re determined to hold this fraud and failure of a president accountable. Can you donate today to help me return power to the American people?
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! You’ve shown me that you’re determined to hold this fraud and failure of a president accountable. Can you donate today to help me return power to the American people?
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! We’ve outpaced candidates who’ve been in the race far longer than I have, thanks to our grassroots supporters. The momentum is real. Donate now to join the movement!
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! We’ve outpaced candidates who’ve been in the race far longer than I have, thanks to our grassroots supporters. The momentum is real. Donate now to join the movement!
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! We’ve outpaced candidates who’ve been in the race far longer than I have, thanks to our grassroots supporters. The momentum is real. Donate now to join the movement!
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! We’ve outpaced candidates who’ve been in the race far longer than I have, thanks to our grassroots supporters. The momentum is real. Donate now to join the movement!
Only a month after launching this campaign, we’ve hit 130,000 individual donors! We’ve outpaced candidates who’ve been in the race far longer than I have, thanks to our grassroots supporters. The momentum is real. Donate now to join the movement!
 I do have a plan for structural reform, and you can check it out here if you're interested: 
If we are to break the corporate stranglehold on our democracy, abolishing the filibuster is a critical step.
 Thank you, Matt!
 Tonight 2020 Democratic presidential candidate joins me on my show to talk how to save lives fr…
 Thank you Laura!
 How can one fair mean so much in the race for the White House? Tune in tonight as I talk to ; more—as candidate…
 Thank you so much, Peter!
 Thank you Colin!
 We've got signs and stickers available here! 
My dad taught me that when you see something wrong, you fight it. Donald Trump’s presidency is all kinds of wrong. Holding him accountable—by impeachment, and by voting him out in 2020—is our moral duty. 
 Appreciate the support, Ellery.
 Thank you so much, Judy!
 Thank you for your support!
 Thanks Kevin!
 This morning, 2020 presidential candidate joined to discuss reaching the 130,000 donor requirement to…
 Thanks for reaching out, Jesse. In addition to funding my presidential campaign, I do intend to support efforts like these in 2020. I have already dedicated $50 million to down-ballot races.
 Appreciate the feedback. I have dedicated $50 million to supporting down-ballot races and voter protection efforts in 2020.
 Thank you for the support!
 I have dedicated $50 million to supporting voter registration and down-ballot races in 2020.
 NEWS from me - through a big injection of money into buying ; working data and placing ads, has hit the 130,000…
All the money you’ve donated to this campaign so far will go directly into a grassroots organizing fund to support our volunteers. 130,000 donations can help us knock on a LOT of doors.
I'm thrilled to announce that today we've reached the required 130,000 individual donors to appear in September's debate. Just one more qualifying poll stands between us and that stage! Thanks to all who've contributed even $1 to this movement. We can't do this without you.
America is in crisis. We need action on gun violence and climate change, and we must hold this president accountable. This is no time for Mitch McConnell to let his Senators jet-set back home for vacation. Hey, Mitch, cancel recess. You have work to do.
America is in crisis. We need action on gun violence and climate change, and we must hold this president accountable. This is no time for Mitch McConnell to let his Senators jet-set back home for vacation. Hey, Mitch, cancel recess. You have work to do.
America is in crisis. We need action on gun violence and climate change, and we must hold this president accountable. This is no time for Mitch McConnell to let his Senators jet-set back home for vacation. Hey, Mitch, cancel recess. You have work to do.
 We did not meet the debate qualifications for July, but we're hoping to be onstage in September's debates!
 I'm running as a Democrat.
Every tap in America should contain clean, drinkable water. It is a basic human right. 
The climate crisis is happening whether Republicans "believe" in it or not. It's science. It's happening. It's time we act with expediency. 
 Democratic official sees with early on-the-ground "advantage" in Iowa.  
Americans think the system is broken. If we tell the truth and fix the system, more Americans will participate in our democracy—and that's what will save us. Consider donating just $1 to help us qualify for the September debates.  
I commend the House Judiciary Committee for taking the steps toward impeaching the morally corrupt criminal in the White House. Thank you, Rep. Nadler for your leadership. 
 In one of his only on-the-record comments about marijuana policy to date, 2020 presidential candidate Tom Steyer just hinted…
On the second anniversary of Heather Heyer's death, we must stay vigilant and resist white nationalism in all of its forms—including the openly supportive president and his allies. 
 Steyer calls Russian election interference an act of electronic warfare: “I think what the president's had to say about th…
What can I say? I'm running for President. 
Happy Eid to all the Muslims celebrating Eid al-Adha in communities throughout our country today. 
Gun lobbyists and manufacturers have no place shaping gun safety legislation. They will always, ALWAYS put corporate profits over human lives. We cannot allow the NRA’s stranglehold on our Congress to continue. 
 This is a picture of talking with our very politically interested son. It absolutely made his day! We apprecia…
 At the Iowa State Fair on his first visit to the state as a 2020 Democratic candidate, says he wants to "break the…
 2020 Democratic Presidential Candidate joins us LIVE on C-SPAN to take your phone calls from the at the 
  at the Iowa State Fair asked if he’ll rule out running as a third party if he loses the Democratic nomination.…
  talking about mandatory background checks stopped by "big money" must "break the corporate strangle hold" to ge…
 . has arrived at the Iowa State Fair. He’ll speak at the  Political Soapbox at 1:30. 
 Thank you, Michael!
 Today is DAY 4 of  2020 at the Iowa State Fair!Catch ;
  says every single Republican in Congress is putting people at risk by not accepting the science on 
Congratulations to on receiving the Thurgood Marshall Award from the tonight. Rep. Lewis's life is a testament to all you can do when you commit your life to justice and good trouble.
Climate change impacts low-income communities first and worst. No issue exists in a vacuum. That’s why economic and racial justice are key components of my climate plan. Everything is connected. 
 Thanks for your support, Sheila!
Will you pitch in just $1 to help us reach the September debate requirement? 
 Tom Steyer takes the stage in his debut as the first major public Iowa event since he joined the race. He opened referr…
  is back in Iowa this weekend for the first time since announcing he would run for president. He said he support…
We also have strong policy ideas and progressive values, but none of that matters unless we break the corporate stranglehold on our government and retake power for ALL Americans. Will you join this movement?
Every candidate at the Iowa  Dinner tonight shares a few basic attributes in common: we are all more decent, qualified, and patriotic than the criminal in the White House.
Had a great time in Ohio at Jazz and Rib Fest with my friend, State Rep. Erica Crawley. Columbus is such a vibrant and diverse city, and the people I met reminded me that we are all more alike than we are different. 
 Thank you for your support, Martha!
The violence and hostility we’ve seen to immigrant communities is nothing new. The system is functioning as intended: to terrorize families on the basis of race. If you can afford to help, please contribute to families targeted by ICE in Mississippi.
 Those are key components of my structural reform plan, which you can learn more about here: 
The worst part about Michael Brown’s death, five years later? His killer still walks free.In Missouri, a Class A felony like murder doesn’t have any statute of limitations. A prosecutor could still file charges—if they wanted to. 
 I have committed $50 million to down-ballot races in 2020.
45 years ago today a corrupt president resigned in disgrace, rather than face the embarrassment of impeachment and removal from office. Donald Trump is more dangerous and more criminal than Richard Nixon ever was. The people deserve impeachment hearings now.
 Democratic presidential candidate And billionaire is talking with Democrats at The River Tap in Iowa Falls. ht…
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Get one of Tom’s new bumper stickers for your car, laptop, or bike to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Donald Trump is a failed businessman who lost billions while leaving behind a trail of bankruptcies and broken promises. Donate $1 to Tom’s campaign today and get one of our new stickers to let everyone know: Trump is a FRAUD and a FAILURE.
Young men in America are murdered by the police at an alarming rate. This is more than a public health crisis, it is a crisis of moral leadership. Our young men, especially black and brown men, deserve so much more. 
🚨 YOUR INPUT NEEDED 🚨 Do Trump's bankruptcies and failed businesses make him a FRAUD? Take my survey before time runs out to let me know what you think about Donald Trump's business record:
If Trump were a successful businessman, his hotels and casinos wouldn't default on payments, accrue debt, and file for bankruptcy. Trump's not a successful businessman -- he's a FRAUD and a FAILURE. Take my survey to let me know if you agree:
🚨 YOUR INPUT NEEDED 🚨 Do Trump's bankruptcies and failed businesses make him a FRAUD? Take my survey before time runs out to let me know what you think about Donald Trump's business record:
If Trump were a successful businessman, his hotels and casinos wouldn't default on payments, accrue debt, and file for bankruptcy. Trump's not a successful businessman -- he's a FRAUD and a FAILURE. Take my survey to let me know if you agree:
🚨 YOUR INPUT NEEDED 🚨 Do Trump's bankruptcies and failed businesses make him a FRAUD? Take my survey before time runs out to let me know what you think about Donald Trump's business record:
If Trump were a successful businessman, his hotels and casinos wouldn't default on payments, accrue debt, and file for bankruptcy. Trump's not a successful businessman -- he's a FRAUD and a FAILURE. Take my survey to let me know if you agree:
We have a government that can't get anything done because corporations bought control, and we need to return the power to the people. Your $1 donation can help get our message on the debate stage in September.  
 Yes! It's on the list: 
 Agreed. That's why it must be overturned: 
 Yes, but the DNC requires donations from 130,000 individual people to participate in the next debate.
 Thank you so much, Arlene!
 Thank you so much!
Find out more about how I will work from day one to fight the climate crisis. 
We have important work to do and we have to start right now. 
 I have committed $50 million to down-ballot races in 2020.
 Thank you for the support, Jim!
  joins  Watch full interview here: 
Donald Trump is a racist and a white supremacist. Keep your dollar.
 We have three qualifying polls of the four needed to make the debate stage!
 Totally agree with you! That's why I've committed $50 million to down-ballot races in 2020.
 Senior advisor to says billionaire could reach 130,000 unique donor threshold "as soon as next week." 
 Thanks so much for your support!
 Thanks for watching!
 . joins   now — tune in! 
Not only is Trump encouraging terrorist violence against the immigrants, he is using the government to cage, torture, and terrify our neighbors. Where is our humanity? 
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
It's been great to have my son Sam with me on the campaign trail. I need 130,000 donors to qualify for the debates and share my vision with the American people. Will you listen to Sam's message and donate $1 today?
 3%! Third qualifying poll for 2020! 
 Those are central pieces of my structural reform plan, which you can learn about here: 
If you want a stark example of how the NRA and other corporate lobby interests influence in our government, look no further than the US Senate and the gun lobby. We desperately need reform and they are unwilling to lead and save our lives. 
 That's a great idea, and it's why I have committed $50 million to down-ballot races in 2020.
 You can read more about my climate plan here: 
 Hi Donna! I have already committed to spending $50 million toward these causes in 2020.
 Thanks so much, Nancy!
 I cannot fit the entire plan in a tweet, but would love if you checked it out here: 
This may seem like the stuff of science fiction, but it is happening RIGHT NOW. We have no time to waste. We need swift, strategic plans to deal with the climate crisis. 
 Thank you so much, Robert.
 Thanks Nicole! I have already committed $50 million to do this in the 2020 election cycle.
 Thank you so much for the support!
 In addition to the presidential primary, I have also committed $50 million to voter registration and down-ballot races in 2020.
 WATCH: Tom Steyer, 2020 presidential candidate, responds to critics who say the billionaire philanthropist should continue to…
 I have already committed $50 million for down-ballot races and voter registration in 2020, and I plan to offer the nominee my full support if I do not earn the candidacy.
 The last time Clear Channel was up for sale, it was priced at $18.7 billion. That's 11 times more money than I actually have.
 That's why I've committed $50 million to supporting down-ballot races in 2020. I know the presidency isn't the only seat that matters.
 I have committed $50 million to the 2020 election cycle to address both of these goals, in addition to my primary run.
This nation’s economy should not be at the mercy of a failed businessman and his personal whims. 
 Headed to Iowa tomorrow to do just that!
 I appreciate your thoughts here. I would like to note that I have already committed to spending $50 million on the 2020 race to elevate climate ; social issues, and to support down-ballot candidates and races.
 He signed the pledge! Thank you for pledging to advance a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United a…
Nothing is stopping from doing the right thing, right now.As president, I'll discharge all student debt for permanently disabled veterans immediately.
Current law requires to forgive the student loan debt of permanently disabled veterans.But they have resisted—leaving more than 42,000 disabled vets carrying over $1 billion in student debt.
On this  we honor the bravery and sacrifice of our military. One way we can say thank you is by following through on the promise to forgive the student loan debt of permanently disabled veterans.
Tom Steyer has been the leading voice for impeaching Donald Trump. If you think it’s important to have a candidate on the debate stage who will stand up for our democracy, will you donate $1 to help him reach the 130,000 donor threshold to qualify for the Democratic debate?
Tom Steyer has been the leading voice for impeaching Donald Trump. If you think it’s important to have a candidate on the debate stage who will stand up for our democracy, will you donate $1 to help him reach the 130,000 donor threshold to qualify for the Democratic debate?
Tom Steyer has been the leading voice for impeaching Donald Trump. If you think it’s important to have a candidate on the debate stage who will stand up for our democracy, will you donate $1 to help him reach the 130,000 donor threshold to qualify for the Democratic debate?
Tom Steyer has been the leading voice for impeaching Donald Trump. If you think it’s important to have a candidate on the debate stage who will stand up for our democracy, will you donate $1 to help him reach the 130,000 donor threshold to qualify for the Democratic debate?
Tom Steyer has been the leading voice for impeaching Donald Trump. If you think it’s important to have a candidate on the debate stage who will stand up for our democracy, will you donate $1 to help him reach the 130,000 donor threshold to qualify for the Democratic debate?
Tom Steyer has been the leading voice for impeaching Donald Trump. If you think it’s important to have a candidate on the debate stage who will stand up for our democracy, will you donate $1 to help him reach the 130,000 donor threshold to qualify for the Democratic debate?
Tom Steyer has been the leading voice for impeaching Donald Trump. If you think it’s important to have a candidate on the debate stage who will stand up for our democracy, will you donate $1 to help him reach the 130,000 donor threshold to qualify for the Democratic debate?
Today, I celebrate all the activists who organized and worked to free Cyntoia Brown. Because of your hard work, justice prevailed. 
 Sunday, August 11:  12:15pm – – – – August 13…
This is why gun violence in America is terrorism. The people in Times Square last night were sure they were under attack. We have a gun crisis in America. We are terrified. We must address it immediately. 
MeganMonicaNicholasDerrickThomasLoisSaeedLoganBeatriceWe will not let your deaths be for nothing.
On the anniversary of the  we must continue the hard work of living up to the promises of basic American values for all Americans. 
 How extraordinary it is that in 2019 an American president sees white supremacists as his base and seeks to protect them. 
Tom Steyer is running for president to defeat Donald Trump because, even when it’s politically inconvenient, Tom has always done what’s right. But he needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Will you donate just $1?
Tom Steyer is running for president to defeat Donald Trump because, even when it’s politically inconvenient, Tom has always done what’s right. But he needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Will you donate just $1?
Tom Steyer is running for president to defeat Donald Trump because, even when it’s politically inconvenient, Tom has always done what’s right. But he needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Will you donate just $1?
Tom Steyer is running for president to defeat Donald Trump because, even when it’s politically inconvenient, Tom has always done what’s right. But he needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Will you donate just $1?
Tom Steyer is running for president to defeat Donald Trump because, even when it’s politically inconvenient, Tom has always done what’s right. But he needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Will you donate just $1?
Tom Steyer is running for president to defeat Donald Trump because, even when it’s politically inconvenient, Tom has always done what’s right. But he needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Will you donate just $1?
Tom Steyer is running for president to defeat Donald Trump because, even when it’s politically inconvenient, Tom has always done what’s right. But he needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Will you donate just $1?
Tom Steyer has always done what’s right, even when it’s politically inconvenient. He was one of the first to call for Trump’s impeachment and stood up to Big Tobacco. He needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Donate $1:
Tom Steyer has always done what’s right, even when it’s politically inconvenient. He was one of the first to call for Trump’s impeachment and stood up to Big Tobacco. He needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Donate $1:
Tom Steyer has always done what’s right, even when it’s politically inconvenient. He was one of the first to call for Trump’s impeachment and stood up to Big Tobacco. He needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Donate $1:
Tom Steyer has always done what’s right, even when it’s politically inconvenient. He was one of the first to call for Trump’s impeachment and stood up to Big Tobacco. He needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Donate $1:
Tom Steyer has always done what’s right, even when it’s politically inconvenient. He was one of the first to call for Trump’s impeachment and stood up to Big Tobacco. He needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Donate $1:
Tom Steyer has always done what’s right, even when it’s politically inconvenient. He was one of the first to call for Trump’s impeachment and stood up to Big Tobacco. He needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Donate $1:
Tom Steyer has always done what’s right, even when it’s politically inconvenient. He was one of the first to call for Trump’s impeachment and stood up to Big Tobacco. He needs donations from 130,000 people to make the next debate. Donate $1:
Nothing changes if nothing changes. Congress, get back to Washington and DO SOMETHING. 
 Thank you so much for your support, Joselin!
 Thank you Bruce!
Toni Morrison was a giant in American literature. Bringing a fresh voice and a new perspective to readers around the globe, she enlarged our consciousness and sharpened our understanding.
Tom Steyer brought more than 8.2 million Americans together to call for Trump’s impeachment -- making him one of the first Democratic leaders to do so. Now Tom needs 130,000 individual donors to take his fight to the debate stage. Will you donate $1 today?
Tom Steyer brought more than 8.2 million Americans together to call for Trump’s impeachment -- making him one of the first Democratic leaders to do so. Now Tom needs 130,000 individual donors to take his fight to the debate stage. Will you donate $1 today?
Tom Steyer brought more than 8.2 million Americans together to call for Trump’s impeachment -- making him one of the first Democratic leaders to do so. Now Tom needs 130,000 individual donors to take his fight to the debate stage. Will you donate $1 today?
Tom Steyer brought more than 8.2 million Americans together to call for Trump’s impeachment -- making him one of the first Democratic leaders to do so. Now Tom needs 130,000 individual donors to take his fight to the debate stage. Will you donate $1 today?
Tom Steyer brought more than 8.2 million Americans together to call for Trump’s impeachment -- making him one of the first Democratic leaders to do so. Now Tom needs 130,000 individual donors to take his fight to the debate stage. Will you donate $1 today?
Tom Steyer brought more than 8.2 million Americans together to call for Trump’s impeachment -- making him one of the first Democratic leaders to do so. Now Tom needs 130,000 individual donors to take his fight to the debate stage. Will you donate $1 today?
Tom Steyer brought more than 8.2 million Americans together to call for Trump’s impeachment -- making him one of the first Democratic leaders to do so. Now Tom needs 130,000 individual donors to take his fight to the debate stage. Will you donate $1 today?
Tom Steyer brought more than 8.2 million Americans together to call for Trump’s impeachment -- making him one of the first Democratlic leaders to do so. Now Tom needs 130,000 individual donors to take his fight to the debate stage. Will you donate $1 today?
Tom Steyer brought more than 8.2 million Americans together to call for Trump’s impeachment -- making him one of the first Democratlic leaders to do so. Now Tom needs 130,000 individual donors to take his fight to the debate stage. Will you donate $1 today?
Tom Steyer brought more than 8.2 million Americans together to call for Trump’s impeachment -- making him one of the first Democratlic leaders to do so. Now Tom needs 130,000 individual donors to take his fight to the debate stage. Will you donate $1 today?
Presidents serve. They do not reign. 
 Thank you
 "Sayoc's attorneys said the 57-year-old former pizza delivery man became radicalized off a daily consumption of Trump’s tw…
We just lived through the hottest July in recorded history. There's time to stop the most catastrophic effects of the climate crisis, but only if we act NOW. I'll recommit the United States to the Paris Agreement and declare climate change a national emergency on day one.
 That's why I want to get rid of it.
One-Day Goal: 500 new donors by midnight! Tom Steyer has a proven history of fighting to fix our broken system. But to qualify for the Democratic debates, Tom needs help from 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and be one of them?
One-Day Goal: 500 new donors by midnight! Tom Steyer has a proven history of fighting to fix our broken system. But to qualify for the Democratic debates, Tom needs help from 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and be one of them?
One-Day Goal: 500 new donors by midnight! Tom Steyer has a proven history of fighting to fix our broken system. But to qualify for the Democratic debates, Tom needs help from 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and be one of them?
One-Day Goal: 500 new donors by midnight! Tom Steyer has a proven history of fighting to fix our broken system. But to qualify for the Democratic debates, Tom needs help from 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and be one of them?
One-Day Goal: 500 new donors by midnight! Tom Steyer has a proven history of fighting to fix our broken system. But to qualify for the Democratic debates, Tom needs help from 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and be one of them?
One-Day Goal: 500 new donors by midnight! Tom Steyer has a proven history of fighting to fix our broken system. But to qualify for the Democratic debates, Tom needs help from 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and be one of them?
One-Day Goal: 500 new donors by midnight! Tom Steyer has a proven history of fighting to fix our broken system. But to qualify for the Democratic debates, Tom needs help from 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and be one of them?
Democrat Tom Steyer knows that corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics. He’s spent years fighting to fix our broken system from the outside, and now he’s running for president. Pitch in just $1 to help Tom qualify for the debates:
Democrat Tom Steyer knows that corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics. He’s spent years fighting to fix our broken system from the outside, and now he’s running for president. Pitch in just $1 to help Tom qualify for the debates:
Democrat Tom Steyer knows that corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics. He’s spent years fighting to fix our broken system from the outside, and now he’s running for president. Pitch in just $1 to help Tom qualify for the debates:
Democrat Tom Steyer knows that corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics. He’s spent years fighting to fix our broken system from the outside, and now he’s running for president. Pitch in just $1 to help Tom qualify for the debates:
Democrat Tom Steyer knows that corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics. He’s spent years fighting to fix our broken system from the outside, and now he’s running for president. Pitch in just $1 to help Tom qualify for the debates:
Democrat Tom Steyer knows that corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics. He’s spent years fighting to fix our broken system from the outside, and now he’s running for president. Pitch in just $1 to help Tom qualify for the debates:
Democrat Tom Steyer knows that corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics. He’s spent years fighting to fix our broken system from the outside, and now he’s running for president. Pitch in just $1 to help Tom qualify for the debates:
If Tom Steyer’s going to take his message of climate justice to the Democratic debates, he needs to show strong grassroots support by earning 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and join our movement for climate justice?
If Tom Steyer’s going to take his message of climate justice to the Democratic debates, he needs to show strong grassroots support by earning 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and join our movement for climate justice?
If Tom Steyer’s going to take his message of climate justice to the Democratic debates, he needs to show strong grassroots support by earning 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and join our movement for climate justice?
If Tom Steyer’s going to take his message of climate justice to the Democratic debates, he needs to show strong grassroots support by earning 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and join our movement for climate justice?
If Tom Steyer’s going to take his message of climate justice to the Democratic debates, he needs to show strong grassroots support by earning 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and join our movement for climate justice?
If Tom Steyer’s going to take his message of climate justice to the Democratic debates, he needs to show strong grassroots support by earning 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and join our movement for climate justice?
If Tom Steyer’s going to take his message of climate justice to the Democratic debates, he needs to show strong grassroots support by earning 130,000 individual donors. Will you donate $1 today and join our movement for climate justice?
 First campaign trip with presidential candidate, in Las Vegas! Meeting black faith leaders at First AME Chur…
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" stickers today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
LIMITED INVENTORY: Donate to get your "Climate Crisis" t-shirt today! Show your support for bold action against climate change.
 Until all of us stand up and insist on holding public officials accountable for changing our gun laws, these tragedies wil…
 That isn't even close to being true.
 We did not qualify for the last debate, but we're hoping to make it in September! We still need to reach 130,000 individual donors to get there, so if you know anyone interested in contributing just $1 to help us get there, please share! 
90% of Americans support universal background checks on firearm purchases. We the people know what we want. To make it happen, we need a national referendum on gun violence. 
Too often, life-or-death legislative decisions are left up to a man who's so proud of the gridlock he's created in Congress that he calls himself the Grim Reaper. Mitch McConnell has made it very clear that he'd rather offer thoughts ; prayers than legislate.
It's our patriotic duty to push back on ALL the ways our political system maintains and ensures white supremacy. The call is coming from inside the house––and directly from the president's Twitter account. How can we address racism with a racist in the Oval Office?
 Thanks for making us aware of this, we're fixing it now.
 Another 2020 presidential candidate has signed the  Thank you 
Our nation is facing a domestic terrorism crisis. Congress should return to Washington immediately to address gun violence fueled by white nationalism.
 If politicians just denounce rhetoric ; speak of these 2 cases as isolated lone wolves ; not a failure of society, our lea…
 Last night 20 people died in El Paso, TX9 people died in Dayton, OH33 were shot in Chicago, ILCongress and the Sena…
Mr. Trump, after 251 mass killings this year, your racist rhetoric and opposition to common sense gun reforms are unacceptable. If you aren’t willing to call out white nationalism and take strong action to protect American lives, you should resign the Presidency immediately.
This government should be of, by, and for the people. It is intentionally failing to work so it can serve its corporate partners. It is time for the people to take back control.
We have have to change this. We should not wait for the gun manufacturers to come to their senses. We don't have time for that.
This didn't "just happen." This president’s rhetoric is stoking white nationalism and violence. The Republicans are refusing to stand up to the NRA and gun manufacturers and protect us from these well armed violent extremist. This is a toxic brew of racism and failed government.
 The  shooter wrote a manifesto that talked about his hatred for Hispanics. So when you ask “where was he radicalized”, l…
 Today’s shooting in El Paso was an act of terrorism. It was an act of white nationalist violence. It was an act of racism…
We must break the and gun manufacturers’ stranglehold on our lawmakers. There’s no reason it has to be this way. 
Praying for El Paso. We need gun control NOW.
  tells AFSCME members, "My first and best partner in organizing around the United States has always been organized l…
 "You do not have a chance to beat a corporation with a thousand lawyers...you've gotta join a union." 
 "There has been a hostile, corporate, takeover of our government." -  
One job should be enough. People aren’t truly free if they have to work more than one full time job to make ends meet.A living wage is a right of every American, and must be protected by the Constitution––so no politician can take it away. 
 We're getting ready! The  is going to start soon. Tune in at 9 a.m. PT/12 p.m. ET:  
 I am running as a Democrat.
The labor movement has always been on the forefront of social and economic justice. Today's struggles may look different, but the principles driving them are the same.It’s a privilege to work with to build a better future, and to participate in  today. 
I believe that people, not corporations, should rule in America. If you agree, can you take my quick issue survey and let me know what your priorities are? I want to hear from you: 
I believe that people, not corporations, should rule in America. If you agree, can you take my quick issue survey and let me know what your priorities are? I want to hear from you: 
I believe that people, not corporations, should rule in America. If you agree, can you take my quick issue survey and let me know what your priorities are? I want to hear from you: 
I believe that people, not corporations, should rule in America. If you agree, can you take my quick issue survey and let me know what your priorities are? I want to hear from you: 
I believe that people, not corporations, should rule in America. If you agree, can you take my quick issue survey and let me know what your priorities are? I want to hear from you: 
I believe that people, not corporations, should rule in America. If you agree, can you take my quick issue survey and let me know what your priorities are? I want to hear from you: 
I believe that people, not corporations, should rule in America. If you agree, can you take my quick issue survey and let me know what your priorities are? I want to hear from you: 
I believe that people, not corporations, should rule in America. If you agree, can you take my quick issue survey and let me know what your priorities are? I want to hear from you: 
I believe that people, not corporations, should rule in America. If you agree, can you take my quick issue survey and let me know what your priorities are? I want to hear from you: 
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH sticker today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
There's a racist, sexist fraud occupying the White House, obstructing justice and blocking any attempts at progress. Donate $1 to get your IMPEACH button today!
 It's a promoted-only tweet. I can confirm it is from me. You can read more about promoted-only tweets here: 
 2020 presidential candidate Tom Steyer: What did he think of the Democratic debates? And will he qualify for a spot in the next…
Thank you, Bill. Let's make sure our climate crisis gets the attention it deserves on the September debate stage. 
A crisis like this requires direct and immediate action. We cannot wait. I will declare a national emergency and leverage executive power on day one to address the climate crisis. 
I need 130,000 individual donations to get on the debate stage — will you help me bring climate change the attention it deserves?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. So, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
President Trump acts as if the people of our great cities are not his constituents, too. All he cares about is dividing this great country for his own political benefit. 
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
 Nobody deserves to be murdered for selling cigarettes.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
Officer Daniel Pantaleo murdered a man in front of his business as he cried out for help. The NYPD must fire him. Anything less proves they're not taking police brutality seriously. Lives were forever changed by this officer's actions. There must be justice. 
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I need 130,000 unique donors to make the Democratic debates in September. Donate $1 to help me get there.
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
We do the right thing because it is the right thing. Impeachment is our Constitutional and moral duty. 
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. So, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. So, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. So, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. So, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. So, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. So, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. So, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
America is all of us––ALL of us. The is betting on white nationalism and that is not who we are now or who we will be moving forward. 
I need 130,000 individual donations to get on the debate stage — will you help me bring climate change the attention it deserves?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. so, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
I need 130,000 individual donations to get on the debate stage — will you help me bring climate change the attention it deserves?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. so, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
I need 130,000 individual donations to get on the debate stage — will you help me bring climate change the attention it deserves?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. so, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
I need 130,000 individual donations to get on the debate stage — will you help me bring climate change the attention it deserves?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. so, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
I need 130,000 individual donations to get on the debate stage — will you help me bring climate change the attention it deserves?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. so, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
I need 130,000 individual donations to get on the debate stage — will you help me bring climate change the attention it deserves?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. so, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
I need 130,000 individual donations to get on the debate stage — will you help me bring climate change the attention it deserves?
I've spent years helping fight climate change and will make climate justice a reality. I need 130,000 donors to make the fall debate. So, if you want climate change to be front and center during the fall debate, can you chip in $1 to help me get there?
Election security hasn't been discussed enough by the other Democratic candidates. Help me get to the debate stage this September by donating just $1 to my campaign. Will you be one of 130,000 people to help me qualify?
Our elections were hacked in 2016. They are at risk again in 2020. Our Democratic leaders need to address this. I need 130k people to donate $1 in order to qualify for the September debate. Will you donate today?
Russia targeted election systems in every state in 2016, but this was barely touched in the first debates. Donate $1 to my campaign to help me get on stage in September's debate. I need 130,000 individual donors to qualify for the stage.
Election security hasn't been discussed enough by the other Democratic candidates. Help me get to the debate stage this September by donating just $1 to my campaign. Will you be one of 130,000 people to help me qualify?
Our elections were hacked in 2016. They are at risk again in 2020. Our Democratic leaders need to address this. I need 130k people to donate $1 in order to qualify for the September debate. Will you donate today?
Russia targeted election systems in every state in 2016, but this was barely touched in the first debates. Donate $1 to my campaign to help me get on stage in September's debate. I need 130,000 individual donors to qualify for the stage.
Election security hasn't been discussed enough by the other Democratic candidates. Help me get to the debate stage this September by donating just $1 to my campaign. Will you be one of 130,000 people to help me qualify?
Our elections were hacked in 2016. They are at risk again in 2020. Our Democratic leaders need to address this. I need 130k people to donate $1 in order to qualify for the September debate. Will you donate today?
Russia targeted election systems in every state in 2016, but this was barely touched in the first debates. Donate $1 to my campaign to help me get on stage in September's debate. I need 130,000 individual donors to qualify for the stage.
Election security hasn't been discussed enough by the other Democratic candidates. Help me get to the debate stage this September by donating just $1 to my campaign. Will you be one of 130,000 people to help me qualify?
Our elections were hacked in 2016. They are at risk again in 2020. Our Democratic leaders need to address this. I need 130k people to donate $1 in order to qualify for the September debate. Will you donate today?
Russia targeted election systems in every state in 2016, but this was barely touched in the first debates. Donate $1 to my campaign to help me get on stage in September's debate. I need 130,000 individual donors to qualify for the stage.
Election security hasn't been discussed enough by the other Democratic candidates. Help me get to the debate stage this September by donating just $1 to my campaign. Will you be one of 130,000 people to help me qualify?
Our elections were hacked in 2016. They are at risk again in 2020. Our Democratic leaders need to address this. I need 130k people to donate $1 in order to qualify for the September debate. Will you donate today?
Russia targeted election systems in every state in 2016, but this was barely touched in the first debates. Donate $1 to my campaign to help me get on stage in September's debate. I need 130,000 individual donors to qualify for the stage.
Election security hasn't been discussed enough by the other Democratic candidates. Help me get to the debate stage this September by donating just $1 to my campaign. Will you be one of 130,000 people to help me qualify?
Our elections were hacked in 2016. They are at risk again in 2020. Our Democratic leaders need to address this. I need 130k people to donate $1 in order to qualify for the September debate. Will you donate today?
Russia targeted election systems in every state in 2016, but this was barely touched in the first debates. Donate $1 to my campaign to help me get on stage in September's debate. I need 130,000 individual donors to qualify for the stage.
Election security hasn't been discussed enough by the other Democratic candidates. Help me get to the debate stage this September by donating just $1 to my campaign. Will you be one of 130,000 people to help me qualify?
Our elections were hacked in 2016. They are at risk again in 2020. Our Democratic leaders need to address this. I need 130k people to donate $1 in order to qualify for the September debate. Will you donate today?
Russia targeted election systems in every state in 2016, but this was barely touched in the first debates. Donate $1 to my campaign to help me get on stage in September's debate. I need 130,000 individual donors to qualify for the stage.
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
Be one of the first 130,000 donors to help me make the debate stage. Can you donate $1 today?
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm running for president to take on big corporate interests. Donate just $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I just released my detailed plan to combat the climate crisis. Help me get to 130,000 donors to hear more about my plans on the presidential debate stage.
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
I need your help to reach 130,000 donors in order to make the September debates. Can you donate $1 today?
 We’re hoping to qualify for September’s debate, but we still need to reach 130,000 donors to get there. Even $1 helps us reach the stage, if you know anyone who might be interested in contributing: 
 Thank you, Karl!
 Thank you!
 Thank you, Gail! We haven’t reached the 130,000 donors needed to qualify for the third debate yet so if you’d consider sparing a dollar, here’s the donate link: 
 I have plans for breaking the corporate control of our government as well. Would love for you to check them out and tell me your thoughts: 
 Our next big goal is reaching the debate stage in September to get these ideas a national audience. If you know anyone who might be interested in contributing just $1 to help us get there, here's the link to donate: 
 We did not reach the Democratic National Committee's donor qualification for this week's debates, but we are hoping to make it to the stage in September. If you're interested in hearing my voice onstage, please consider donating $1.
Police brutality is unacceptable in all circumstances. These officers must be held accountable. 
 Hi Jen! I recently released my plans for structural reform ( and climate change ( My positions are a bit long for Twitter, but I'd love if you'd check them out and see if they're something you're into.
 If I do not secure the nomination, I plan to offer my full support to the candidate who does.
The longer an elected official serves in Congress, the less connected they are to their constituents––and the more beholden they become to corporate interests.I'm proposing term limits of 12 total years in the House and Senate to keep our lawmakers accountable to US. 
 Thank you for the support, Jill!
 The entire focus of TomKat Ranch is studying how to raise cattle in an environmentally sustainable way. I welcome you to read more about it: 
The effects of climate change are reshaping every aspect of our lives--including our food chain. We need to take action to anticipate and address this issues. I will declare a national emergency on day one and approach all decisions based on science. 
 Thank you for the kind words, Jocelyn.
 Thank you for your support, Noemi!
 BACKSTAGE at I spoke to in the green room about the moment when told him his message…
 2020 candidate tells the co-hosts “the biggest question in America is the corporate takeover of our government.”“W…
If you liked what you heard on today and want to see me on the debate stage in September, please consider donating just $1 at I know it's weird that I'm asking for your money. But I can't do this without your support. 
  to 2020 candidate “Why is impeachment the best thing to do?”Steyer: “When you see someone who’s deep…
 I am running in the Democratic primary with no plans to run as an independent. If I do not secure the nomination, I will offer my full support to the candidate who does.
 COMING UP: 2020 candidate joins us LIVE at the  to discuss his presidential run. 
 In case you were busy golfing or obstructing justice during Fox ; Friends, I wanted to make sure you got my message. 
Our democracy is under threat from foreign countries, and Congress is too gridlocked to protect them. Will you donate $1 to help my structural reform plan reach the debate stage?
We can't let foreign interference dictate the presidency again in 2020. Let's build a government that includes EVERY voice. Can you donate $1 to help us reach the debate stage?
While Trump has been putting our elections at risk, I've been fighting to protect them. Now I need your help to make the debate stage in September -- donate just $1 today.
We know Russia interfered in the 2016 election, but Congress can't pass an election security bill. We need structural reform. Will you donate $1 to help me reach the debate stage?
In 2016, Russia targeted the election systems in all 50 states. Our democracy is not secure. Help me protect it. Donate $1.
Donald Trump knows he can only win if the system is rigged. We can fix it together, but I need your help. Will you donate $1 to join this movement?
Our democracy is under threat from foreign countries, and Congress is too gridlocked to protect them. Will you donate $1 to help my structural reform plan reach the debate stage?
We can't let foreign interference dictate the presidency again in 2020. Let's build a government that includes EVERY voice. Can you donate $1 to help us reach the debate stage?
While Trump has been putting our elections at risk, I've been fighting to protect them. Now I need your help to make the debate stage in September -- donate just $1 today.
We know Russia interfered in the 2016 election, but Congress can't pass an election security bill. We need structural reform. Will you donate $1 to help me reach the debate stage?
In 2016, Russia targeted the election systems in all 50 states. Our democracy is not secure. Help me protect it. Donate $1.
Donald Trump knows he can only win if the system is rigged. We can fix it together, but I need your help. Will you donate $1 to join this movement?
Our democracy is under threat from foreign countries, and Congress is too gridlocked to protect them. Will you donate $1 to help my structural reform plan reach the debate stage?
We can't let foreign interference dictate the presidency again in 2020. Let's build a government that includes EVERY voice. Can you donate $1 to help us reach the debate stage?
While Trump has been putting our elections at risk, I've been fighting to protect them. Now I need your help to make the debate stage in September -- donate just $1 today.
We know Russia interfered in the 2016 election, but Congress can't pass an election security bill. We need structural reform. Will you donate $1 to help me reach the debate stage?
In 2016, Russia targeted the election systems in all 50 states. Our democracy is not secure. Help me protect it. Donate $1.
Donald Trump knows he can only win if the system is rigged. We can fix it together, but I need your help. Will you donate $1 to join this movement?
Our democracy is under threat from foreign countries, and Congress is too gridlocked to protect them. Will you donate $1 to help my structural reform plan reach the debate stage?
We can't let foreign interference dictate the presidency again in 2020. Let's build a government that includes EVERY voice. Can you donate $1 to help us reach the debate stage?
While Trump has been putting our elections at risk, I've been fighting to protect them. Now I need your help to make the debate stage in September -- donate just $1 today.
We know Russia interfered in the 2016 election, but Congress can't pass an election security bill. We need structural reform. Will you donate $1 to help me reach the debate stage?
In 2016, Russia targeted the election systems in all 50 states. Our democracy is not secure. Help me protect it. Donate $1.
Donald Trump knows he can only win if the system is rigged. We can fix it together, but I need your help. Will you donate $1 to join this movement?
Our democracy is under threat from foreign countries, and Congress is too gridlocked to protect them. Will you donate $1 to help my structural reform plan reach the debate stage?
We can't let foreign interference dictate the presidency again in 2020. Let's build a government that includes EVERY voice. Can you donate $1 to help us reach the debate stage?
While Trump has been putting our elections at risk, I've been fighting to protect them. Now I need your help to make the debate stage in September -- donate just $1 today.
We know Russia interfered in the 2016 election, but Congress can't pass an election security bill. We need structural reform. Will you donate $1 to help me reach the debate stage?
In 2016, Russia targeted the election systems in all 50 states. Our democracy is not secure. Help me protect it. Donate $1.
Donald Trump knows he can only win if the system is rigged. We can fix it together, but I need your help. Will you donate $1 to join this movement?
Our democracy is under threat from foreign countries, and Congress is too gridlocked to protect them. Will you donate $1 to help my structural reform plan reach the debate stage?
We can't let foreign interference dictate the presidency again in 2020. Let's build a government that includes EVERY voice. Can you donate $1 to help us reach the debate stage?
While Trump has been putting our elections at risk, I've been fighting to protect them. Now I need your help to make the debate stage in September -- donate just $1 today.
We know Russia interfered in the 2016 election, but Congress can't pass an election security bill. We need structural reform. Will you donate $1 to help me reach the debate stage?
In 2016, Russia targeted the election systems in all 50 states. Our democracy is not secure. Help me protect it. Donate $1.
Donald Trump knows he can only win if the system is rigged. We can fix it together, but I need your help. Will you donate $1 to join this movement?
Our democracy is under threat from foreign countries, and Congress is too gridlocked to protect them. Will you donate $1 to help my structural reform plan reach the debate stage?
We can't let foreign interference dictate the presidency again in 2020. Let's build a government that includes EVERY voice. Can you donate $1 to help us reach the debate stage?
While Trump has been putting our elections at risk, I've been fighting to protect them. Now I need your help to make the debate stage in September -- donate just $1 today.
We know Russia interfered in the 2016 election, but Congress can't pass an election security bill. We need structural reform. Will you donate $1 to help me reach the debate stage?
In 2016, Russia targeted the election systems in all 50 states. Our democracy is not secure. Help me protect it. Donate $1.
Donald Trump knows he can only win if the system is rigged. We can fix it together, but I need your help. Will you donate $1 to join this movement?
 👋
I've been fighting for Donald Trump's impeachment since 2017.It's great to hear about impeachment on the debate stage. But why didn't we hear from you sooner?  
Freddie Gray. Eric Harris. Tamir Rice. Michael Brown. Akai Gurley. Philando Castile. As president, I will work for a country where nobody's son has to be the next senseless life lost at the hands of police violence. 
Everyone has the right to breathe fresh air and drink clean water, free from industrial poisons. Corporations must not be able to violate this right for the sake of their profits.  Read more about my Justice-Centered Climate Plan:
Asthma-inducing air pollution is a pervasive problem that affects low-income, indigenous, and communities of color first and worst. 
 We did not qualify for this week's debates, but we're hoping to make it in September! We will need 130,000 individual donors to get there. If you know anyone who might be interested in contributing even $1 to help, you can share this link: 
As president, I intend to establish independent, non-partisan redistricting commissions to draw these boundaries, and eliminate racial gerrymandering. See more about my structural reform plan:
While Democrats debate tonight in Detroit, Republicans in Michigan are trying to knock down a ballot measure to draw fair district lines. Our democracy is broken. Political insiders choose the voters. It's supposed to be the other way around.  
Universal health care must be a right—not a privilege—so everyone has the chance to live a healthy life, and our government needs to act to protect the foundations of our health. 
 We did not qualify for this week's debates, but we're hoping to make it in September! We will need 130,000 individual donors to get there. If you know anyone who might be interested in contributing even $1 to help, you can share this link: 
She's a U.S. Senator from California and a former Attorney General, not a kid.  
 25 debates in 2016 ; 3 in 2020 and still not a single question about attack on voting rightsIf we don’t fix our democracy…
Senator Mitch McConnell has been in Congress since 1985, and most of his donors are Wall Street elites. Do you think he actually cares about the needs of his constituents?  Donate $1 to support congressional term limits and my campaign.
The longer someone serves in Congress, the more beholden they become to corporate lobbyists. Congressional term limits would put more focus on policy rather than politics. Be one of 130k individual donors to support me and my platform.
Term limits mean less time playing politics, and more focus on making change happen. We need more diverse, accurate representation in Congress - join my campaign by donating $1 to help me reach the debate stage.
Representatives are more concerned with their re-election campaigns than representing their constituents. We need term limits to bring the focus back to the issues at hand. I need 130k individual donors to bring this idea to debates — give $1 today.
I'm calling for structural reform in Washington: Term limits would encourage more diverse leadership, bring fresh ideas to Congress, and prioritize progress over playing politics. Donate $1 to help me talk about this issue on the debate stage.
I think we need major structural reform in Congress: Term limits means less focus on re-election campaigns, and more focus on actually solving the important issues. If 130k people donated $1 today, I could bring this idea to the September debate stage.
Senator Mitch McConnell has been in Congress since 1985, and most of his donors are Wall Street elites. Do you think he actually cares about the needs of his constituents?  Donate $1 to support congressional term limits and my campaign.
The longer someone serves in Congress, the more beholden they become to corporate lobbyists. Congressional term limits would put more focus on policy rather than politics. Be one of 130k individual donors to support me and my platform.
Term limits mean less time playing politics, and more focus on making change happen. We need more diverse, accurate representation in Congress - join my campaign by donating $1 to help me reach the debate stage.
Representatives are more concerned with their re-election campaigns than representing their constituents. We need term limits to bring the focus back to the issues at hand. I need 130k individual donors to bring this idea to debates — give $1 today.
I'm calling for structural reform in Washington: Term limits would encourage more diverse leadership, bring fresh ideas to Congress, and prioritize progress over playing politics. Donate $1 to help me talk about this issue on the debate stage.
I think we need major structural reform in Congress: Term limits means less focus on re-election campaigns, and more focus on actually solving the important issues. If 130k people donated $1 today, I could bring this idea to the September debate stage.
Senator Mitch McConnell has been in Congress since 1985, and most of his donors are Wall Street elites. Do you think he actually cares about the needs of his constituents?  Donate $1 to support congressional term limits and my campaign.
The longer someone serves in Congress, the more beholden they become to corporate lobbyists. Congressional term limits would put more focus on policy rather than politics. Be one of 130k individual donors to support me and my platform.
Term limits mean less time playing politics, and more focus on making change happen. We need more diverse, accurate representation in Congress - join my campaign by donating $1 to help me reach the debate stage.
Representatives are more concerned with their re-election campaigns than representing their constituents. We need term limits to bring the focus back to the issues at hand. I need 130k individual donors to bring this idea to debates — give $1 today.
I'm calling for structural reform in Washington: Term limits would encourage more diverse leadership, bring fresh ideas to Congress, and prioritize progress over playing politics. Donate $1 to help me talk about this issue on the debate stage.
I think we need major structural reform in Congress: Term limits means less focus on re-election campaigns, and more focus on actually solving the important issues. If 130k people donated $1 today, I could bring this idea to the September debate stage.
Senator Mitch McConnell has been in Congress since 1985, and most of his donors are Wall Street elites. Do you think he actually cares about the needs of his consitutents?  Donate $1 to support congressional term limits and my campaign.
The longer someone serves in Congress, the more beholden they become to corporate lobbyists. Congressional term limits would put more focus on policy rather than politics. Be one of 130k individual donors to support me and my platform.
Term limits mean less time playing politics, and more focus on making change happen. We need more diverse, accurate representation in Congress - join my campaign by donating $1 to help me reach the debate stage.
Representatives are more concerned with their re-election campaigns than representing their constituents. We need term limits to bring the focus back to the issues at hand. I need 130k individual donors to bring this idea to debates — give $1 today.
I'm calling for structural reform in Washington: Term limits would encourage more diverse leadership, bring fresh ideas to Congress, and prioritize progress over playing politics. Donate $1 to help me talk about this issue on the debate stage.
I think we need major structural reform in Congress: Term limits means less focus on re-election campaigns, and more focus on actually solving the important issues. If 130k people donated $1 today, I could bring this idea to the September debate stage.
Senator Mitch McConnell has been in Congress since 1985, and most of his donors are Wall Street elites. Do you think he actually cares about the needs of his consitutents?  Donate $1 to support congressional term limits and my campaign.
Senator Mitch McConnell has been in Congress since 1985, and most of his donors are Wall Street elites. Do you think he actually cares about the needs of his consitutents?  Donate $1 to support congressional term limits and my campaign.
The longer someone serves in Congress, the more beholden they become to corporate lobbyists. Congressional term limits would put more focus on policy rather than politics. Be one of 130k individual donors to support me and my platform.
Term limits mean less time playing politics, and more focus on making change happen. We need more diverse, accurate representation in Congress - join my campaign by donating $1 to help me reach the debate stage.
Representatives are more concerned with their re-election campaigns than representing their constituents. We need term limits to bring the focus back to the issues at hand. I need 130k individual donors to bring this idea to debates — give $1 today.
I'm calling for structural reform in Washington: Term limits would encourage more diverse leadership, bring fresh ideas to Congress, and prioritize progress over playing politics. Donate $1 to help me talk about this issue on the debate stage.
I think we need major structural reform in Congress: Term limits means less focus on re-election campaigns, and more focus on actually solving the important issues. If 130k people donated $1 today, I could bring this idea to the September debate stage.
Senator Mitch McConnell has been in Congress since 1985, and most of his donors are Wall Street elites. Do you think he actually cares about the needs of his consitutents?  Donate $1 to support congressional term limits and my campaign.
The longer someone serves in Congress, the more beholden they become to corporate lobbyists. Congressional term limits would put more focus on policy rather than politics. Be one of 130k individual donors to support me and my platform.
Term limits mean less time playing politics, and more focus on making change happen. We need more diverse, accurate representation in Congress - join my campaign by donating $1 to help me reach the debate stage.
Representatives are more concerned with their re-election campaigns than representing their constituents. We need term limits to bring the focus back to the issues at hand. I need 130k individual donors to bring this idea to debates — give $1 today.
I'm calling for structural reform in Washington: Term limits would encourage more diverse leadership, bring fresh ideas to Congress, and prioritize progress over playing politics. Donate $1 to help me talk about this issue on the debate stage.
I think we need major structural reform in Congress: Term limits means less focus on re-election campaigns, and more focus on actually solving the important issues. If 130k people donated $1 today, I could bring this idea to the September debate stage.
We live in a country where billion dollar corporations do not pay one penny in taxes and desperate families are being denied aid to put food on the table. We need to stop corporate influence in Washington. No one should go hungry in America. 
Tune in tomorrow morning to catch me on 
The Fed just cut interest rates. The Senate is voting on the debt ceiling tomorrow. Both those things are going to help Trump in the long run. And combined? They are economically crazy.
It is almost as if you are a terrible judge of character, When it comes to liars and cheats, you certainly have a cabinet filled with them. 
Which is exactly why we must begin impeachment hearings immediately. Trump chosen judges with lifetime appointments—terrifying. 
 We did not qualify for this week's debates, but we're hoping to make it in September! We will need 130,000 individual donors to get there. If you know anyone who might be interested in contributing even $1 to help, you can share this link: 
 As Greenland's heat wave peaks tomorrow, rate of melting is expected to be highest ever recorded. This is ungood
The situation is dire but we can work together to address the climate crisis. I will declare a national emergency on day one. We cannot delay a minute more. 
If we are going to defeat the hate this president supports, praises and practices—we must stand together. Thank you, Rev. Mariann Edgar Budde. 
 “Half a million Hondurans heading north have been apprehended by US and Mexican officials since October 2016.The motives…
 Let that sink in. Our water is literally *radioactive.* It's time for real leadership on clean water and the environme…
Too many people feel like the system is rigged. I'm running for president to reform the government so it works for us. Donate $1 and be one of the 130k individual donors that helped me make it to the September debate stage.
For years I've been fighting Dirty Energy, Big Tobacco, and closed a tax loophole for the wealthy — from the outside. We can't reform government from the inside. Donate $1 today and be one of the 130,000 donors I need to qualify for the September debate.
Corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics, and I'm ready to fight that. In order to make it to the debate stage, I need 130,000 individual donations. Please donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm ready to break the corrupt stranglehold corporations have on our government. Be one of the 130,000 individual donors I need to help me qualify for the September debates. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage.
I've spent years listening to Americans and I'm dedicated to fixing our broken system. I need 130k individual donors to qualify for the debate. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I've been working on climate justice for years — that's why I have the strongest, most actionable climate policy plan. I need 130k people to make a contribution to my campaign in order to qualify for the debate stage. Donate $1 today.
Too many people feel like the system is rigged. I'm running for president to reform the government so it works for us. Donate $1 and be one of the 130k individual donors that helped me make it to the September debate stage.
For years I've been fighting Dirty Energy, Big Tobacco, and closed a tax loophole for the wealthy — from the outside. We can't reform government from the inside. Donate $1 today and be one of the 130,000 donors I need to qualify for the September debate.
Corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics, and I'm ready to fight that. In order to make it to the debate stage, I need 130,000 individual donations. Please donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm ready to break the corrupt stranglehold corporations have on our government. Be one of the 130,000 individual donors I need to help me qualify for the September debates. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage.
I've spent years listening to Americans and I'm dedicated to fixing our broken system. I need 130k individual donors to qualify for the debate. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I've been working on climate justice for years — that's why I have the strongest, most actionable climate policy plan. I need 130k people to make a contribution to my campaign in order to qualify for the debate stage. Donate $1 today.
 We did not qualify for this week's debates, but we're hoping to make it in September! We will need 130,000 individual donors to get there. If you know anyone who might be interested in contributing even $1 to help, you can share this link: 
Too many people feel like the system is rigged. I'm running for president to reform the government so it works for us. Donate $1 and be one of the 130k individual donors that helped me make it to the September debate stage.
For years I've been fighting Dirty Energy, Big Tobacco, and closed a tax loophole for the wealthy — from the outside. We can't reform government from the inside. Donate $1 today and be one of the 130,000 donors I need to qualify for the September debate.
Corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics, and I'm ready to fight that. In order to make it to the debate stage, I need 130,000 individual donations. Please donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm ready to break the corrupt stranglehold corporations have on our government. Be one of the 130,000 individual donors I need to help me qualify for the September debates. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage.
I've spent years listening to Americans and I'm dedicated to fixing our broken system. I need 130k individual donors to qualify for the debate. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I've been working on climate justice for years — that's why I have the strongest, most actionable climate policy plan. I need 130k people to make a contribution to my campaign in order to qualify for the debate stage. Donate $1 today.
 We did not qualify for this week's debates, but we're hoping to make it in September! We will need 130,000 individual donors to get there. If you know anyone who might be interested in contributing even $1 to help, you can share this link: 
 We did not qualify for this week's debates, but we're hoping to make it in September! We will need 130,000 individual donors to get there. If you know anyone who might be interested in contributing even $1 to help, you can share this link: 
Too many people feel like the system is rigged. I'm running for president to reform the government so it works for us. Donate $1 and be one of the 130k individual donors that helped me make it to the September debate stage.
For years I've been fighting Dirty Energy, Big Tobacco, and closed a tax loophole for the wealthy — from the outside. We can't reform government from the inside. Donate $1 today and be one of the 130,000 donors I need to qualify for the September debate.
Corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics, and I'm ready to fight that. In order to make it to the debate stage, I need 130,000 individual donations. Please donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm ready to break the corrupt stranglehold corporations have on our government. Be one of the 130,000 individual donors I need to help me qualify for the September debates. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage.
I've spent years listening to Americans and I'm dedicated to fixing our broken system. I need 130k individual donors to qualify for the debate. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I've been working on climate justice for years — that's why I have the strongest, most actionable climate policy plan. I need 130k people to make a contribution to my campaign in order to qualify for the debate stage. Donate $1 today.
Too many people feel like the system is rigged. I'm running for president to reform the government so it works for us. Donate $1 and be one of the 130k individual donors that helped me make it to the September debate stage.
For years I've been fighting Dirty Energy, Big Tobacco, and closed a tax loophole for the wealthy — from the outside. We can't reform government from the inside. Donate $1 today and be one of the 130,000 donors I need to qualify for the September debate.
Corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics, and I'm ready to fight that. In order to make it to the debate stage, I need 130,000 individual donations. Please donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm ready to break the corrupt stranglehold corporations have on our government. Be one of the 130,000 individual donors I need to help me qualify for the September debates. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage.
I've spent years listening to Americans and I'm dedicated to fixing our broken system. I need 130k individual donors to qualify for the debate. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I've been working on climate justice for years — that's why I have the strongest, most actionable climate policy plan. I need 130k people to make a contribution to my campaign in order to qualify for the debate stage. Donate $1 today.
Too many people feel like the system is rigged. I'm running for president to reform the government so it works for us. Donate $1 and be one of the 130k individual donors that helped me make it to the September debate stage.
For years I've been fighting Dirty Energy, Big Tobacco, and closed a tax loophole for the wealthy — from the outside. We can't reform government from the inside. Donate $1 today and be one of the 130,000 donors I need to qualify for the September debate.
Corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics, and I'm ready to fight that. In order to make it to the debate stage, I need 130,000 individual donations. Please donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm ready to break the corrupt stranglehold corporations have on our government. Be one of the 130,000 individual donors I need to help me qualify for the September debates. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage.
I've spent years listening to Americans and I'm dedicated to fixing our broken system. I need 130k individual donors to qualify for the debate. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I've been working on climate justice for years — that's why I have the strongest, most actionable climate policy plan. I need 130k people to make a contribution to my campaign in order to qualify for the debate stage. Donate $1 today.
Too many people feel like the system is rigged. I'm running for president to reform the government so it works for us. Donate $1 and be one of the 130k individual donors that helped me make it to the September debate stage.
For years I've been fighting Dirty Energy, Big Tobacco, and closed a tax loophole for the wealthy — from the outside. We can't reform government from the inside. Donate $1 today and be one of the 130,000 donors I need to qualify for the September debate.
Corporate powers are dictating what happens in our politics, and I'm ready to fight that. In order to make it to the debate stage, I need 130,000 individual donations. Please donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I'm ready to break the corrupt stranglehold corporations have on our government. Be one of the 130,000 individual donors I need to help me qualify for the September debates. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage.
I've spent years listening to Americans and I'm dedicated to fixing our broken system. I need 130k individual donors to qualify for the debate. Donate $1 to help me get on the debate stage this September.
I've been working on climate justice for years — that's why I have the strongest, most actionable climate policy plan. I need 130k people to make a contribution to my campaign in order to qualify for the debate stage. Donate $1 today.
An entire  passed with ZERO questions about reproductive health, abortion rights, or gender equality.The right to choose has been under sustained, strategic attack. We cannot take away the basic right to bodily autonomy. As president, I vow to protect Roe v. Wade.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
 We did not qualify for this week's debates, but we're well on our way to qualifying for September's! We will need 130,000 individual donors to get there and even $1 helps. If you know anyone who might be interested in contributing, you can share this link: 
I support a wealth tax. Making the extremely wealthy pay their fair share is a no brainer. 
Trump is tearing families and our country apart. It's not time for Congress to take a vacation. Add your name to demand action now!
Our country is in crisis — now is not the time for Congress to take a vacation. Add your name: tell Congress to do their job!
Our country is in an emergency — Trump's racism and corruption are tearing America apart. Demand action: tell Congress to do their job and hold Trump accountable!
Trump's corruption and racism are tearing America apart. Add your name: tell Pelosi to cancel the August recess and hold him accountable.
Right now, Trump is putting people in cages on the border and ripping children from their families. Add your name: tell Congress to do something!
Congress needs to step up and hold Trump accountable, not take a month off. Take the survey: Should Speaker Pelosi keep the House in session?
Trump is responsible for the border crisis. Congress needs to hold him accountable for it. Speaker Pelosi: Cancel the August recess - our country needs the House to act.
Trump is responsible for the border crisis. Congress needs to hold him accountable for it. Speaker Pelosi: Cancel the August recess - our country needs the House to act.
There are still children in cages. Congress can't take a break until they solve it. Tell Speaker Pelosi to cancel Congress's August recess. There's still so much to do.
Our country is in crisis right now, but members of Congress are planning to take a six-week break. We want to hear from you: Do you think Congress should take a vacation right now?
Speaker Pelosi and House representatives don't deserve a month-long vacation right now. Tell Congress they don't have time to take a break - there is too much at stake. Add your name to sign the petition &gt;&gt;&gt;
We've heard lots of great plans tonight. But we're not going to fix healthcare, boost wages, or address the climate crisis if we don't also eliminate the filibuster.Our plans will go to waste if we don't implement sweeping structural reform.  
 The deadline for 130,000 donors is August 28! We're on track to make it, but every little bit helps. Here's the link to donate if you know anyone who might be interested in throwing in $1: 
Those who say we don't need a Green New Deal are wrong. I'm the only one who will call the climate crisis a national emergency on day one. Nothing could be more urgent than ensuring the safety of this planet for future generations. 
 We asked all the major 2020 presidential candidates how they plan to respond to the black maternal mortality crisis. 
 Dems "saying" healthcare is a right... but all stopping short. We need in this debate because he believes heal…
Every American deserves equal access to a quality education. As president, I'll work to ensure that the faces in our STEM classrooms reflect the faces we see in the world around us. 
 can't make ANY deals. He keeps striking out. He's a fraud and a failure.
From kicking big money out of politics to tackling the climate emergency, I've fought hard for progressive causes, but Donald Trump obstructs America's progress at every turn. It's time to take him on. Will you stand with me against Donald Trump?
From kicking big money out of politics to tackling the climate emergency, I've fought hard for progressive causes, but Donald Trump obstructs America's progress at every turn. It's time to take him on. Will you stand with me against Donald Trump?
 We did not meet the qualification requirements, but we're hoping to make it to September's debate in Houston! If you know anyone who might be interested in donating $1 to help us reach the individual donor minimum, please share this link: 
I am looking forward to the   twitter chat tonight. Around 1 in 4 Americans has a disability–it is imperative that we consider all Americans when working for equality and justice.
 Climate scientists: We need about a trillion new trees to sequester enough carbon to offset global warmingEthiopia, a…
 I am self-funding my campaign but the debate requirements state that I must have 130,000 individual donors to qualify. I would not ask for money if they did not require it to reach the debate stage.
 Thank you for your support!
While I won't be on the debate stage tonight, I will be watching. If you want to see impeachment, climate change, and term limits on the stage, consider a donation. Just $1 helps us meet the 130,000 donor threshold to secure my podium in September. 
 If you haven't seen the results from the early state poll. Check it out! 
This proposal is so extreme it would be laughable on its face if Republicans hadn’t passed equally unjust tax cuts for the rich. The level of Republican delusion and unreality only grows worse. 
Yet another example of corporations creating more problems for the American people. 99% of the social security numbers in the breach were exposed. As president, I will fight to hold them accountable and work to protect your data. 
The Saudi royal government is responsible for the brutal death of American journalist Jamal Khashoggi. We should not be offering them friendship, let alone weapons deals. The Senate is in Mr. Trump's pocket. 
  making the case for impeachment, climate action and sensible gun reform this morning at w/…
Trump is tearing families and our country apart. It's not time for Congress to take a vacation. Add your name to demand action now!
Our country is in crisis — now is not the time for Congress to take a vacation. Add your name: tell Congress to do their job!
Our country is in an emergency — Trump's racism and corruption are tearing America apart. Demand action: tell Congress to do their job and hold Trump accountable!
Trump's corruption and racism are tearing America apart. Add your name: tell Pelosi to cancel the August recess and hold him accountable.
Right now, Trump is putting people in cages on the border and ripping children from their families. Add your name: tell Congress to do something!
Trump is tearing families and our country apart. It's not time for Congress to take a vacation. Add your name to demand action now!
Our country is in crisis — now is not the time for Congress to take a vacation. Add your name: tell Congress to do their job!
Our country is in an emergency — Trump's racism and corruption are tearing America apart. Demand action: tell Congress to do their job and hold Trump accountable!
Trump's corruption and racism are tearing America apart. Add your name: tell Pelosi to cancel the August recess and hold him accountable.
Right now, Trump is putting people in cages on the border and ripping children from their families. Add your name: tell Congress to do something!
Trump is tearing families and our country apart. It's not time for Congress to take a vacation. Add your name to demand action now!
Our country is in crisis — now is not the time for Congress to take a vacation. Add your name: tell Congress to do their job!
Our country is in an emergency — Trump's racism and corruption are tearing America apart. Demand action: tell Congress to do their job and hold Trump accountable!
Trump's corruption and racism are tearing America apart. Add your name: tell Pelosi to cancel the August recess and hold him accountable.
Right now, Trump is putting people in cages on the border and ripping children from their families. Add your name: tell Congress to do something!
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
Rev. Al Sharpton has been in the vanguard of civil and human rights for decades. He deserves not vilification, but celebration.
Mr. Trump is a criminal and racist disgrace. Our leaders need to start acting like it.
Gun violence in America is senseless and so is our inaction. We should be appalled by it—and the inaction on this issue by our elected leaders who have the power to end it.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
I'm running for president to expose Donald Trump for what he is: a fraud and a failure––in business and in politics. 
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
Climate disaster will disproportionately affect those without the resources to quickly come back or survive its destruction. And now the insurance companies are playing games. We need an immediate national commitment to climate justice.
 Political Climate speaks to billionaire climate activist about his bid for president and using “emergency powers” t…
 Agreed, that’s why I’ve made them a part of my structural reform platform.
Rep. Elijah Cummings is a leader and a statesman which is not something you can say about
It never gets easier to read headlines like this, especially when they’re in your own backyard. Thinking of Gilroy tonight. 
Black communities have been terrorized enough. Acts like this are exactly why we must unequivocally reject white supremacist rhetoric and ideals.
It is up to all of us to take action to protect our planet— from bold political measures, to helping clean up litter at our public parks and beaches. Thank you for letting us join you at yesterday morning's beach clean-up, and for all that you do. 
 WATCH: Presidential candidate Tom Steyer responds to arguments that the urgency for impeachment has passed.  
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
The climate crisis is an international problem that requires international leadership and cooperation. We must recommit to our allies, working for not just a better country but a better world. 
Mitch McConnell’s love affair with special interests is unacceptable. He seems to only serve one master and that is not the American people.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
A wall will not solve our broken immigration system—only comprehensive reform will.
 Why is running for president? We discuss what’s motivating the billionaire  activist and how he’s different…
Mr. Trump always shows his true colors when he‘s nervous or feels attacked. It’s not a coincidence that he continues to lash out at lawmakers of color.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
I'm running for president because we need to fix our broken politics, but I need to make the debate stage so I can fight for all of us. Can you donate today? Even $1 would help.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
The DNC raised the number of donors you need to qualify for the debate stage: 130,000 individual donors by the end of August. Can you pitch in $1? Your support would mean so much.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I have big plans for our future — starting with fighting the climate crisis. I need to make the debate stage, but I need 130,000 individual donors before the end of August.
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
I need your help: To qualify for the debate stage in September, I need to meet the DNC's 130,000 individual donors threshold. Can you chip in $1?
 Why Are We Still Looking for Oil and Gas? 
Thank you and for doing what's right for the American people and our Constitution. Impeachment is the only remedy for a president who's made it clear that he has no intent to obey the law.
 THIS SUNDAY: Exclusive interviews on  with House Intelligence Committee Chair
Donald Trump is punching way above his weight class and we are going to pay for his mistakes. 
 Here is the helpful thread on plan 
We are splitting hairs. Mr. Trump has obviously committed impeachable offenses. He is unfit for office. We should move expeditiously to show the American people. I again ask why Congress is not canceling their six week recess.
The good short-term, terrible long-term budget deal is a huge win for Mr. Trump and a big boon to his reelection effort. Don't impeach him, but juice the economy short-run? Now, the House will spend six weeks away. We have work to do. They should be in Washington doing it.
You'd think Congress would be actively working to protect our democracy. Instead,  blocked election security legislation right before a six week recess while Russia and Iran—among others—plot to hack our elections. 
 We did not qualify for next week's debates, but we're well on our way to qualifying for September's! We do still need a few more donors to qualify, so if you know anyone who might be interested in donating even $1 to help us get there, here's the link: 
 We did not qualify for next week's debates, but we're well on our way to qualifying for September's! We do still need a few more donors to qualify, so if you know anyone who might be interested in donating even $1 to help us get there, here's the link: 
 "This is exactly what the emergency powers were given [for]... If the government and the Congress can't act, then the P…
 “In addition to bold executive actions, I’ll challenge Congress to pass vital legislation to enact a  Cong…
 Presidential hopeful Tom Steyer unveiled a five-part plan to tackle climate change today 
 Tom Steyer, the newest 2020 entrant, is promising emergency action on climate change if he wins and Congress doesn’t pass…
 From new climate plan, an interesting goal to shoot for and one I hadn't heard before: "Strengthen our natu…
 Thank you for the support! Hopefully you'll see me onstage in September.
 We are excited that outlined a path to  ; achieve 100% clean energy by 2045 by correcting legacies of…
 Since has been laser-focused on climate policy for longer than just about any political player,…
It's a big job, but we can do it together.Read the full framework for my full climate plan here:
In the past five years, 49 states have needed disaster-relief aid from FEMA. Disasters affected more than 1.7 million Americans in 2018 alone. We will improve our systems for disaster prevention, response, and recovery, to develop more resilient communities.
Our use of taxpayer dollars, as well as all government contracts, will align with our climate targets. We will shift the way we invest in our infrastructure to prioritize clean manufacturing, and require companies to disclose their risky fossil fuel holdings.
American taxpayers currently foot the bill for more than $20 billion in fossil fuel subsidies every year. We will end all forms of government giveaways to big polluters at the expense of American taxpayers, instead restoring and protecting our national parks and monuments.
My plan will create millions of jobs, including a 1 million person combined service and training program called the Civilian Climate Corps. We will transform our economy by putting Americans to work, adapting and implementing solutions for individual communities.
The same smokestacks, tailpipes, and other sources that are wrecking our climate are also making Americans sick. Under my plan, we will transition to a 100% clean energy economy by 2045, and eliminate asthma-causing air pollution no later than 2030.
Climate change affects us all, but its impacts are inextricably interwoven with poverty and systemic racism. That’s why I have just released my framework for a Justice-Centered Climate Plan.
I will immediately direct every federal agency to take action, redouble our commitment to the Paris Agreement, and call on Congress to act swiftly to pass a Green New Deal. But if Congress delays, I will use the emergency powers of the presidency to get it done.
The climate crisis is already here. We don't have time for science denial or half-steps. On day one of my presidency, I'll declare climate change a national emergency and use the full powers of the executive office to help save our only planet. 
 166 INNOCENT people have walked off death rows across this country since we started keeping track.  There's no d…
Another huge misstep by the Trump Administration. Their leadership on what it means to be an American couldn’t be more misguided. Mr. Barr is a national disgrace.
Grateful for the warm welcome from Jamie and the amazing chat as always with this morning. 
 One more qualifying poll on the road to Houston. 2 down, 2 to go. 
We just hit 2% in another poll, which means we're well on our way to hitting the September debate requirements.But we'll also need 130,000 individual donors. If you're interested in seeing me on the debate stage, please consider contributing just $1.
 Tom Steyer: We can beat these guys. It's on us; we need to show up. 
When we act together and demand better from our government, we all win. The residents of Puerto Rico proved that this week. Their activism should serve not only as an inspiration, but a guide for how the people can start to take back control from a government that isn't working.
 “The president’s rally will be a defining moment in American history. It reminds us of the grave stakes of the coming presiden…
I have seen it in Ohio, in South Carolina, in Michigan, and even in my home state of California. How can we claim to be the greatest nation on earth if our citizens cannot safely drink from their taps? 
All Americans should have access to safe and gender neutral bathrooms everywhere—especially our children, especially in school. I support Gavin Grimm. 
Why did our Congress go through the motions of hauling Robert Mueller in for testimony if they're going on vacation in two days we've waited long enough. This can't wait six more weeks. 
Our democracy is at stake - and Congress is about to take a six-week vacation. Share your thoughts - should Congress take a break right now, or hold Trump accountable for his crimes?
Congress needs to step up and hold Trump accountable, not take a month off. Take the survey: Should Speaker Pelosi keep the House in session?
Trump is responsible for the border crisis. Congress needs to hold him accountable for it. Speaker Pelosi: Cancel the August recess - our country needs the House to act.
Trump is responsible for the border crisis. Congress needs to hold him accountable for it. Speaker Pelosi: Cancel the August recess - our country needs the House to act.
There are still children in cages. Congress can't take a break until they solve it. Tell Speaker Pelosi to cancel Congress's August recess. There's still so much to do.
Our country is in crisis right now, but members of Congress are planning to take a six-week break. We want to hear from you: Do you think Congress should take a vacation right now?
Speaker Pelosi and House representatives don't deserve a month-long vacation right now. Tell Congress they don't have time to take a break - there is too much at stake. Add your name to sign the petition &gt;&gt;&gt;
Our democracy is at stake - and Congress is about to take a six-week vacation. Share your thoughts - should Congress take a break right now, or hold Trump accountable for his crimes?
Congress needs to step up and hold Trump accountable, not take a month off. Take the survey: Should Speaker Pelosi keep the House in session?
Trump is responsible for the border crisis. Congress needs to hold him accountable for it. Speaker Pelosi: Cancel the August recess - our country needs the House to act.
Trump is responsible for the border crisis. Congress needs to hold him accountable for it. Speaker Pelosi: Cancel the August recess - our country needs the House to act.
There are still children in cages. Congress can't take a break until they solve it. Tell Speaker Pelosi to cancel Congress's August recess. There's still so much to do.
Our country is in crisis right now, but members of Congress are planning to take a six-week break. We want to hear from you: Do you think Congress should take a vacation right now?
Speaker Pelosi and House representatives don't deserve a month-long vacation right now. Tell Congress they don't have time to take a break - there is too much at stake. Add your name to sign the petition &gt;&gt;&gt;
Our democracy is at stake - and Congress is about to take a six-week vacation. Share your thoughts - should Congress take a break right now, or hold Trump accountable for his crimes?
Congress needs to step up and hold Trump accountable, not take a month off. Take the survey: Should Speaker Pelosi keep the House in session?
Trump is responsible for the border crisis. Congress needs to hold him accountable for it. Speaker Pelosi: Cancel the August recess - our country needs the House to act.
Trump is responsible for the border crisis. Congress needs to hold him accountable for it. Speaker Pelosi: Cancel the August recess - our country needs the House to act.
There are still children in cages. Congress can't take a break until they solve it. Tell Speaker Pelosi to cancel Congress's August recess. There's still so much to do.
Our country is in crisis right now, but members of Congress are planning to take a six-week break. We want to hear from you: Do you think Congress should take a vacation right now?
Speaker Pelosi and House representatives don't deserve a month-long vacation right now. Tell Congress they don't have time to take a break - there is too much at stake. Add your name to sign the petition &gt;&gt;&gt;
The playbook: celebrate enormous corporate profits while demonizing everyday Americans who have been exploited by those corporations' low wages and unsafe working conditions. Governments should help the people––corporations are NOT people. 
 thinks he is king. Congress has essentially proved him right by failing in their oversight duties. We're in a Constitutional crisis, and simply voting Trump out in 2020 won't fix it. We need serious structural reform to our government. 
Robert Mueller's report was an impeachment referral. His testimony today will not change that. Congress has had the power to hold the president accountable for months. Enough with the delays. Do your job.
 For folks that need a reminder ⬇️It's been time to impeach, with or without the Special Counsel  Mueller's testimony to…
Extreme heat across the country, flooding in NYC, and wildfires in Napa. The climate crisis is not coming. It is here. Right now. Let's get to work.
 I am running as a Democrat. If I do not earn the nomination, I plan to support the candidate who does. I have no plans to run as an Independent.
 No American should live in fear of gun violence, especially our children in their schools. Thank you, Fred. You and the other Parkland families' continued activism gives me hope. We must do everything we can.
The facts are the facts. The truth is the truth. Mr. Mueller's testimony won't change either. You know what will? Impeachment hearings based on his published findings. 
How much more evidence do we need that Mr. Trump's rhetoric leads directly to violence? His words are making us all unsafe. 
  NAACP delegates UNANIMOUSLY pass vote calling for the impeachment of President, Donald J. Trump at the 
 Tom Steyer: "I think it's absolutely essential that we start impeachment proceedings." 
The budget deal is part of the rolling Congressional train wreck. Congress, unwilling to maintain historic tax rates, is unable to keep spending anywhere near its revenue—and that's at full employment. Good short-term, terrible long-term. Young people should be outraged!
I'm calling on to cancel the upcoming 6-week House recess. We're running out of time to hold Donald Trump accountable. 
 "Mr. Trump, as it regards to the economy, is a fraud and a fake and a failure. And I think that the United States economy is being…
 I am running for the Democratic party nomination for president, with no intention of running as an Independent. If I do not earn the nomination, I pledge to support the candidate who does.
Corporations only care about maximizing their profits. They do not care about protecting our privacy and they will sell us out every single time. 
 "Since when did six weeks in the Summer become a sacrosanct thing for congresspeople?" 2020 Democratic candidate
We are in a transformational time in history. We must decide who we are and fight for democracy. Right now—the resistance starts at home. If there is anything I know for sure—never ever bet against the power of the people. 
 We'd love to have you! 
I have read it—all of it—and the Mueller Report makes it clear that Mr. Trump is a criminal. I hope Rep. Nadler will take this same energy to begin long overdue impeachment hearings. 
 Tonight 2020 Democratic presidential candidate is on my to talk the race for the White House an…
 Thank you, Joe! We will need 130,000 donors to qualify for the next debate and even $1 helps us get closer. If you know anyone who might be interested in contributing, here's the link to donate: 
Bail in this country is injustice perpetuated by greed and motivated by oppression. Black, brown, and poor people are being held because they do not have the resources to be free. There is no justice in our justice system. 
 JUST IN: Steyer calls on Pelosi to cancel "six-week vacation" for Congress  
Business as usual isn’t working for the American people, and isn't stopping Donald Trump's corruption and racism. Today I’m calling on to cancel the August recess and hold daily public oversight hearings. We need action NOW, not for Congress to take a vacation.
Last week I visited South Carolina. I couldn't believe how much this government has failed to represent and protect its people, instead choosing to serve major corporations. 
 Thank you, Catherine. I missed the deadline by just a few days. It is my sincere hope to be there in Houston in September. We need 130,000 donors to qualify for the stage—even $1 helps, the donate link is   
 In 2016, over 35 million people with disabilities were eligible to vote, but only 16 million did. 🤯 Help us make sure ou…
 Photos: Democratic presidential candidate campaigns in Clintonville 
Environmental leadership must be inclusive of low-income communities and communities of color, because they are the ones who suffer most from a lack of environmental justice. Fixing this country begins with listening and understanding. 
No person should ever have to choose between seeking life-saving medical treatment and putting a roof over their head. We have enough money to provide healthcare to every person in this country––but only if everyone pays their fair share. 
 Agreed! You can read more about my plans to break the corporate control of government here: 
Climate change is already ravaging communities across this nation, but our leaders are too busy selling out our futures to the fossil fuel companies who are lining their pockets. We must invest in preventing heat like this weekend's from becoming the norm, rather than an anomaly.
 We’ve reached the point where humans are memorializing the things we’re knowingly wiping out. This is the plaque that will be p…
 Yes, if I do not earn the nomination I intend to fully support the candidate who does.
 We're so excited to have you on our team! You can sign up for volunteer opportunities here: 
I’m here in Ohio. It’s REALLY hot. They cancelled the New York Triathlon for heat. Are we ready to act on climate yet?
Meeting the employees of Goyal Industries reminded me why we must invest in the American manufacturing economy, and find real ways to keep people employed making the things we need right here in this country while transitioning to clean energy sources. 
Today we visited Goyal Industries, a family-owned business in Mansfield, Ohio. They've manufactured components for almost every major subway system in the country. 
If our government won't advocate on the most basic protections to keep children from getting sick, what exactly is our government doing? 
 Stop what you're doing and watch this responds to the racist "Send her back" and "Go back to your count…
Thank you Cleveland for such a warm welcome to Ohio, figuratively and literally. Excited to continue my conversations about why ALL Americans deserve the Constitutional right to vote, clean air ; water, a living wage, education, and healthcare in Columbus today.
Advocating for a government that reflects every American begins at the ballot box. Everyone must be able to vote with no discrimination, so we must commit to making ALL poll locations safe and accessible to disabled people.  
Reading about Ramsey Orta upset me deeply. State violence often extends to witnesses, who are targeted for what they've seen. We must invest in not simply reforming but reimagining the system built to see people like Ramsey fail.
 Thank you so much for the support, Diane!
 I'm hoping to make it to the debate stage in September! But I need 130,000 individual donors to qualify so if you know anyone who can spare $1, please point them to 
 You can donate at the following link, or by clicking "donate" at the top of  I truly appreciate your support.
They are chanting what you taught them, You opened that bottle and let the genie out on purpose. Take responsibility that what you did was just plain wrong.
Read more about the 5 Rights and join our movement at 
The Constitution says all power comes from the people, but that power was stolen decades ago by big businesses and the politicians they purchased.But together, we can achieve these rights for all Americans, and create a democracy that builds bridges––not walls.
These 5 Rights must be established in our Constitution. No one gets to decide which Americans are or aren’t “worthy” of them, because each of us has equal value and potential as human beings.
No person is truly free unless they have:1. The right to an equal vote in a fair democracy;2. The right to clean air ; water;3. The right to learn, from pre-K through college and advanced skills training;4. The right to earn a living wage; and5. The right to health.
We need a new social contract that transforms the relationship of the government to the people across the board.We need and must demand a 21st century Bill of Rights. I call these protections the 5 Rights.
We have to achieve more than just removing Donald Trump to get our country back.We the people must reset our relationships our government––and one another––if America is to survive and succeed as a united country. 
 Now-presidential candidate slams House Dem leadership over impeachment: "...Nancy Pelosi and House Democratic L…
To each of the 137 Democrats who voted to table an impeachment resolution yesterday, I have just one question after the president's rally last night: Why aren't racism and inciting a mob against an American ; sitting Congresswoman impeachable offenses?
 Packed house at in San Francisco for presidential candidate tonight! 
 In SF,  reacts to Trump crowd chanting “Send her back!” after POTUS criticizes  at rally tonight: “…
There is no question in my mind that is a patriot. His story, along with so many others, validates that the deep racism in our country did not begin and will not end with Donald Trump. But defeating him in 2020 will be a start.
Today I took the pledge and committed not to take contributions from oil, gas, and coal executives, lobbyists, or PACs. The climate emergency is here. We must act swiftly and decisively. 
  on "We need to break the corporate control of our government. And we need to deal with climate cha…
It's 2019. My campaign manager is a woman. If a man cannot be left alone with women in a professional setting, that man does not belong in a professional setting––period.  
 "Donald Trump is a failed businessman... and he is following the exact same strategy in the United States of America."2020 pre…
 Democratic presidential candidate faces questions from live 8p, ET on CNN
I stood with when he introduced articles of impeachment against in 2017, and I stand with him today. Congress must be willing to say enough is enough. Uphold our Constitution. Restore honor to the Oval Office. Impeach this lawless president now.
Tom Steyer started the largest grassroots effort to impeach Donald Trump - but that was just the beginning. Now he’s running for president to beat Trump, heal our democracy, and bring accountability to Washington. Join the movement: 
Tom Steyer is a climate activist who left his business to fight corporate polluters and lessen the effects of climate change. He needs your help to put climate front and center in the next election. Will you join the movement today?
Tom Steyer is a climate activist who left his business to fight corporate polluters and lessen the effects of climate change. He needs your help to put climate front and center in the next election. Will you join the movement today? 
Corporate money is dictating our politics, so we need an outsider to fix the system. When other politicians were afraid to act, Tom fought climate change and took on Trump to protect our country. Now he’s running for president. Will you join the movement?
Big corporations are controlling our democracy at the expense of real Americans. As president, Tom would end the corrupting influence of corporate money in politics. Join our campaign and together we can make change happen: 
 To tolerate bigotry is to perpetuate bigotry. We must impeach.  
Climate disaster has arrived in India. The ramifications are overwhelming for millions and millions of people. We cannot delay. Mr. Trump is pouring kerosene on the fire.
We are in a permanent emergency until we have stabilized the climate. We must act—forcefully and swiftly—to restructure our society away from fossil fuels. We can do it, but our acceptance of lies and corruption must end now.
Eric Garner was murdered in the street for the crime of being black. Police cannot be allowed to slaughter Americans in broad daylight. There must be consequences for police brutality. His life matters. Black lives matter.
Mr. Trump's answers to the crisis he created at our Southern border are so shallow and shortsighted, it'd be laughable if there weren't lives on the line. He doesn't care why people are seeking asylum in this country. He just doesn't want it to be his problem.
An "official" condemnation, you say? Surely this will stop a man who's ignored every Congressional subpoena issued to his administration and who's been openly racist for decades.You can impeach him now,
 Tom Steyer, who is running for president, tells he is "continuing to fund Need To Impeach," calling President Tru…
I stand with the Amazon workers around the world who are on strike this Prime Day. Every person has the right to a living wage, and Amazon can certainly afford to pay up while keeping its workers safe.
This is how propaganda operates. We all know what we read.
 LA Times Ed Board: "Trump is truly America's Bigot-in-Chief.""Trump's Twitter feed is a repugnant place, and no one wou…
As wrote, the cruelty is the point with this administration. At least, that's the only logical reason I can find to rip apart families, indefinitely detain babies, and refuse humanitarian aid.
  "We have a broken government that has been corrupted by corporate money. We need to push the power back t…
What a racist man you are, Dividing our country for your own political gain? and are bringing new ideas and bold leadership for ALL Americans. Kick and scream all you want: they represent our future.
  "What I'm saying in my campaign is that corporations have taken over our government. And we need to take…
I've been fighting corporate corruption in politics for 10 years. Your tweet sounds like it could be about any GOP politician who's been bought off by the gun or oil lobby––or, frankly, our president. Can you hear yourselves? 
 Absolutely yes
 Earlier today, told voters he’s the best candidate bc it’s going to take an outsider to reform the system. “…
 It’s not a third-party campaign. I’m running as a Democrat.
Keeping the people of Louisiana in my thoughts as Tropical Storm Barry makes landfall. We have the power to halt climate change in its tracks and stop these natural disasters from becoming more severe and destructive, but only if our next president takes action immediately.
 Thank you, Hison!
Thank you to the Georgetown, SC supporters who joined us for lunch at Aunny's today. Together we can take back our government from AND his spineless enabler 
 Thank you for your support, Jeffrey!
 This image will go down in history. New video shows shows Mike Pence callously observing and turning his back on severe…
America's hardworking educators deserve a lot more than an incompetent Secretary of Education and a broken student loan system. We must make student loan forgiveness available to more than 1% of applicants. Simply outrageous.
 This Sunday at 9 AM ET progressive activist will appear on to discuss his decision to seek the…
 I'm running as a Democrat
 No, thank you for fighting for the people! I’m with you in this fight. ✊🏾 
 Thank you for your support, Joe!
This afternoon I spoke with activists at the North Charleston Community Resource Center. They're located in a food desert and their food pantry feeds up to 200 people, two days a week. Thank you to the community members who spoke with me and showed me around the neighborhood. 
 Thank you so much for your support! Here's the link to sign up for volunteer opportunities: 
Honored to spend the morning with members of the Charleston County community and school board at Burke High School, learning more about the education crisis putting area schools and students––particularly students of color––in jeopardy. 
 In an informal roundtable discussion outside of Burke HS, talks reparations and taking on big corporations w…
With reports that there may be ICE raids this weekend, it's important to know your rights––which you have, regardless of your immigration status.You do not need to let an ICE agent into your home unless they have a SIGNED judicial warrant. More info: 
 Lightning round with billionaire investor ; activist ⚡ Get to know the newest addition to the Democratic fie…
I regret that I’m unable to speak at  this evening. The keynote was planned before I announced my presidential candidacy, and candidates can’t speak tonight. I’m unable to attend Saturday’s presidential forum due to travel, but I hope to meet you on the campaign trail soon.
We need televised hearings to put the truth in front of the American people. Congrats Let the light shine on the dark deeds of this administration.
 And when you're done with that, I have some more suggestions.
Thanks Ted, but I think I will continue not taking advice from a guy who gets angrier about flag-print Nikes than kids in concentration camps in his own state. 
 Ted, I'll start listening to you when you start representing the American people and not your corporate masters.
 "I couldn’t sleep,” tells on why he decided to run for president."The American people need to take…
Learn more about my seven-point structural reform plan to return power to the American people: 
Our voices should count, and as voters we should be more directly involved in making decisions on important issues that will impact us.Let's implement a national referendum process to increase voter participation and give us more power over our democracy.
You deserve to know who owns your lawmakers. We must loosen the dark money and corporate stranglehold over our politicians by repealing Citizens United.
The most senior member of the House of Representatives has held his seat since 1973. These aren't supposed to be lifetime positions. I'm proposing term limits of 12 total years in Congress to keep elected officials connected, responsive, and accountable to their constituents.
I don't think we can fix our democracy from the inside. Washington politicians––and the corporations that purchased them––won't let that happen.I trust the people. I want to give you the tools we need to fix our democracy together. Here’s how. 
 and are the future of this party and have inspired many across this country, myself included. We should be encouraging their leadership, not telling them to pipe down.
 Billionaire investor ; activist has spent big money on politics, including a campaign to impeach Pres. Trump…
I funded the largest youth voter registration and mobilization program in history. We helped double turnout and flip the House in 2018.That important work WILL continue while I seek the Democratic presidential nomination. 
  first national appearance after announcing his run for president will be tomorrow on at…
You're supposed to own your government.Not the pharmaceutical companies.Not your electrical utility or your tax software.Corporations bought this country. Let's take it back. 
 had the chance to throw Jeffrey Epstein in jail over a decade ago, but instead let a sexual predator walk free. He must resign immediately.
Our rapidly changing planet is driving people from their homes, creating climate refugees across the world. To fully address the crisis Trump created at our Southern border, we must take climate change seriously. 
 Tom Steyer is running for president. Here's our 2017 Q;A with him on climate change, his politics, and Donald Trump.  "The new…
 Thank you for your support, Joe!
We're supposed to have a government of the people, by the people, for the people––not a government for corporations behaving like people.If you agree and would like to hear more, please donate $1 to help me reach the debate stage in September: 
 Right out of the gate, endorses court expansion! 
  has been a climate leader for yrs ; I’m glad to see yet another climate champ join the primary. Dem candidates’ b…
 Thank you, Jane!
I'm running for president, and not taking any corporate donations. Will you chip in $1 to be a founding member of this movement?
I'm running for president, and not taking any corporate donations. Will you chip in $1 to be a founding member of this movement?
I'm running for president, and not taking any corporate donations. Will you chip in $1 to be a founding member of this movement?
I'm running for president, and not taking any corporate donations. Will you chip in $1 to be a founding member of this movement?
I'm running for president, and not taking any corporate donations. Will you chip in $1 to be a founding member of this movement?
I'm running for president, and not taking any corporate donations. Will you chip in $1 to be a founding member of this movement?
I'm running for president, and not taking any corporate donations. Will you chip in $1 to be a founding member of this movement?
Defeating Trump is the first step towards healing our democracy. That's why I'm running for president - to bring accountability to Washington. Chip in with a donation today to join this movement.
Defeating Trump is the first step towards healing our democracy. That's why I'm running for president - to bring accountability to Washington. Chip in with a donation today to join this movement.
Defeating Trump is the first step towards healing our democracy. That's why I'm running for president - to bring accountability to Washington. Chip in with a donation today to join this movement.
Defeating Trump is the first step towards healing our democracy. That's why I'm running for president - to bring accountability to Washington. Chip in with a donation today to join this movement &gt;&gt;&gt;
 I am running as a Democrat.
Let’s take our democracy back from corporations and special interests, and give it to the people––the way it was always intended.I'm excited to meet you on the campaign trail soon. Join us at 
When we come together, we can never be defeated.We can fix our democracy, and make sure it works for ALL Americans.We can elect new leaders at the local, state, and federal level.We can take back the Senate.But we can only do it together.
Our country has been corrupted––openly––while politicians put corporate profits over the needs of their constituents, and focus on getting re-elected over doing what’s right. I’ve taken on corporations and WON by going directly to the people. And I know we can do it again.
Through the important work of and which I will continue to support, I've focused on registering ; turning out the  and pressuring Congress to hold this president accountable by beginning impeachment proceedings. But it's not enough.
There's a breakdown in Washington DC, and I don't mean just Donald Trump. I'm talking about corporate money and our broken political system.
It’s true. I’m running for president. 
