 on at 10:00 P.M.
Mark--They could use you.  
True! 
"" see u Sat in GA !!""  Great!"
Thank you 
Response to Hillary Clinton- 
Thanks Dave! 
Thanks! 
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- 
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! 
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres!   
Thank you Michigan!  
   
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch on NOW!
Should I do the  
 
True, thanks. 
Thanks. 
  
  
Thank you  
Via 
"" Make America Great again vote Donald Trump
What is our President doing? 
"" 
Thanks everyone, they all said  I won the debate. Even won the Poll!
Get rid of all of these commercials. 
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.   
"" ATL LOVES TRUMP!!!""  Thanks!"
 Getting ready to answer your questions. 
  Great job and advice on   Thank you!
""  Jeb is such a lightweight
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEAR'S EVE, just released more of Hillary's e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family , friends- out to VOTE IN 2016!  
HAPPY BIHDAY to my son, Very proud of you!   
I would feel sorry for and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me
  
"" Nevada Poll: Donald Trump 33%, Ted Cruz 20%, Marco Rubio 11%...  via  Great news!"
"" Just heard a 25 year old man say ""I would rather work for Donald Trump than Bernie Sanders""it's time for me to leave this party.
"" 'On Point' with Gov. Sarah Palin , Donald Trump 
"" Donald Trump is running the most cost-effective presidential campaign in modern history  Thank you!"
"" I have a message for Donald Trump: No, we’re not going to hate Latinos, we’re not going to hate Muslims.""  I fully agree!"
""  reaction that is dropping out of the 2016 race. Your thoughts? 
"" The Most Influential U.S. Gymnasts Of All Time:    Fantastic Shawn"
"People ask, ""why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about when he is so low in the polls?"" Because of his big $ hit ads on me!"
"" I get pissed off every time I see his ads on Fox. Waste of money! Go Trump!""  Many do!"
"" Veterans Love Trump"" But I love the VETS even more!"
"" Patriots for trump! 
 has spent  $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN! 
"" ALL OF AMERICA LOVES TRUMP!👍👍☺   Thank you."
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"I predict that dying newspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher ""Stinky"" Joe McQuaid, will be dead in 2 years!"
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now. 
Great poll- thank you Nevada!  
I'm going to be live with and to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to tomorrow night!
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina!   
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina!   
I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed  on television lately, and he was terrific hosting
Joe McQuaid  is desperately trying to sell the It's a loser, and my comments haven't helped him much.
The dying newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
"" Good morning, Mr. Trump. You're so AWESOME.  
"" Trump tops Dem candidates on Google before Dem debate 
""  WOW! FANTASTIC!. WHO KNEW AMERICANS WERE SO SMA? GREAT TO KNOW WE'RE so smart
"" DonaldTrump - How do u do it Donald. No one could keep up with u at your pace. Shows how hard u will work for us as President
"" Keep the momentum going Mr. Trump. All the best to you for the New Year. Make America Great Again !"" Thanks"
"" what do you think of Jeb cancelling his Iowa rally last night ?  I went, he didn't!"
Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. I'm now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting
   You were great on last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU Council Bluffs, Iowa! The silent majority, is silent no more!   
Joe McQuaid  of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid  of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!
I hope does better for Rubio than he did at the  hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans , America!
We need a real President! 
Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs, Iowa, later today. Despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic! 
So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million , done. Run country my way!
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C.
Minorities line up behind.....Donald Trump""    
 is terrific at hosting on - he really gets it!
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
"" Trump listening to voters, unlike GOP
"" 
"" No casualties. Just victory, victory, and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart. We love God and USA
"" Why do u keep trying to attack Trump? Really dumb strategy! U lose, he wins!  make America great again!!!!!
"" FLASHBACK1986: Saved a Georgia Farm   Thank you, nice memories!"
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire!      
Thank you!   
Thank you to a  supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video: 
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double , triple them, a disaster!
Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few,  and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!
The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no  effective raise in years. BAD
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
"" We need a real President to get things done, and that's why we want you!""  Thank you."
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST!
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid!  RNC
 blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
"" He supports amnesty and now they are so desperate that Trey Gowdy is going to campaign with him."
"" My prediction on the Trey Gowdy endorsement of Rubio is that it will do nothing for Rubio and finish Gowdy.
"" Face it, Trey Gowdy failed miserably on Benghazi. He allowed it to drag out and in the end, let Hillary get away with murder."
"" andreajmarkley: Rubio finally gets an endorsement – from  loser Gowdy    via dailyne"
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
Thank you!  
Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!
"" If the insurance companies are making lots of money and the # of uninsured is still large,Obamacare is a failure since so expensive"
A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders!
  Story:  
Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!
The Phoenix V.A., it has just been reported, is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous, and people are dying. I will fix it
The same people that said I wouldn't run, or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I won't beat Hillary.
 is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!
 just announced that TRUMP was  story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we don't WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again!
"" Thank u Mr. Trump, I look forward to when u are elected next President of the United States  So nice!"
""  You know what's making my Christmas Great, Family/food/friends,YOU! I HAVE MY TRUMP SHI ON W/HOPE IN MY HEA for America
""  Thank you for your tweet today on Christmas. Can't wait to see you as President, Mr. Trump. You are awesome.
"" I'm reading  Best book ever. Thank you!"
"When will the Democrats, and Hillary in particular, say ""we must build a wall, a great wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it?"" Never!"
Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly!
Remember when failed candidate said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%.
We have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!
 was GREAT today on  She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!
  Great job on today. Very wise indeed!
 Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps will do better next year-but doubt it!
"" should have talked to Megyn Kelly about this story""  True, a total distortion of the facts!"
I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 and very dishonest in not showing the new Poll where I am at 39%, 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!
Why isn't using the much newer Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!
Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPOATION RAIDS. It's about time!
Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundly
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!
Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past in the new Poll. Jeb is at 3%, I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!
In the ridiculous ad about me, Jeb is speaking to me during the debate, but doesn't allow my answer, which destroys him - SO SAD!
Poor spent $50 million on his campaign, I spent almost nothing. He's bottom (and gone), I'm top (by a lot). That's what U.S. needs!
"" Jim you fail to mention in your CNN POLL that in the GOP RACE...Trump is leading Cruz 39 to 18...Big Detail"
A great Christmas movie , perfect   Story:  
"" why is Hillary even allowed to run... She's a criminal.
"" why is Hillary even allowed to run... She's a criminal.""  Good question!"
"Hillary said ""I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign."" I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity"
Merry Christmas , Happy Holidays!  
"Hillary, when you complain about ""a penchant for sexism,"" who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!"
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
Why does give so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump
 treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out Poll. All negative!
The which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on  today did a nasty cartoon attacking kids. Bad
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!  
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
  
Thank you America! Together- we will  
Big news just out - NEW POLL  TRUMP  39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18  CARSON 10  RUBIO 10
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
  
Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  TRUMP 37  CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
"For those on TV defending my use of the word ""schlonged,"" bc  is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest 
"NPR's said ""schlonged"" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: ""That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls."" 
"Once again,  is dishonest. ""Schlonged"" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got ""schlonged"" that meant beaten badly."
Jeb's big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic!
Watching and consider to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally.VIDEO:  
""  The Donald should've been named Man of the Year. He dominates the polls, news, talk shows , social media. MAGA!
"" Well I'm at 42% and your at 3% .You know Jeb you started over here you keep on moving further and further off stage.  Classic
 opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.
Why doesn't in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
Will in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
 just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
Weak and low energy whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
"" A GREAT PATRIOT
"" This suggests that online polls are more reliable so Trump is crushing both parties.
"" 100% Donald Trump Supporter Go Trump Make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
"" THANK YOU SIR FOR CARING FOR THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA. I WAS IN NEWMARKET NH. OFFICE. 
"" Got my autographed book yesterday can't wait to read it. You got them scared to death! Love it."". Great!"
"" Trump is the only leader with plan expertise passion to bring back jobs/companies to USA  
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months, the media panned their cameras!  
THANK YOU America!   
Thank you - Michigan!  
Thank you - New Hampshire!  
THANK YOU Grand Rapids, Michigan! Time to end political correctness , secure our homeland!  
 thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
"Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about ""the video"" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video."
Thanks for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
"" UPDATE: ISIS jihadists stole 'tens of thousands' of blank passports...   Here we go!"
It's the Democrats' total weakness , incompetence that gave rise to ISIS --  not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America'  
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
"Hillary said with respect to ISIS, ""we are finally where we need to be."" Do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership?  MAGA!"
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
"Hillary said at debate ISIS is ""going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst."" She made up story-want apology!"
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
""  Tell this knitwit the ppl want not him or his choice for President! Thts why Trump has 40%
""  DonaldTrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails. We need you Mr Trump"
 today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!  
"" Where's when you need em? 
 final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner WATCH.
My friend, of bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on  Tune in!
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
 was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
We need a  with great strength , stamina. Hillary does not have that.  
"" reminds me now of but no one cares Jeb! You lost your chance. 
"Hillary Clinton lied when she said that ""ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool."" This was fact checked by FALSE"
""  Q: Who are you voting for in 2016. A:  Donald Trump! Donald Trump!.  
"" Hillary is so worried because she knows you will take her out! 
"" is the best Republican presidential candidate of all time.""  Thank you."
"" You are a blessing to America, Mr. Trump. Thank you for all you are doing!  
"" all I heard from the debate is a pathway to citizenship for all and taking our guns away. 
""  Right,  same old political bullshit year after year, 
 stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!
  
Thank you America! post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll.   
Thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa!  
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!
""  
"" We now LIVE in a  but WILL make the USA STRONGER than EVER b4 
"" NEW POLL: Trump's massive lead grows in post-debate poll  
Another new post-debate poll. THANK YOU!   
Thank you!  
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE!  
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
 has embarrassed himself , his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
  
Weak , ineffective is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name , don’t be ashamed of it!
  Don’t misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as you’ll find out after I get elected.
"As I have been saying. Only the beginning: ""ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey, 150 European Passports Seized."" 
New Reuters poll - thank you!  
 is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil!  
There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as    
 I will be in Cedar Rapids,IA this Saturday. Get your tickets-
  
Thank you!  
Will be on in 20 minutes on   
 got fired like a dog by  The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
I will be doing tonight at 8:00pmE from Mesa, Arizona - will be talking about the  , more. 
Will be on tonight at 11:35pmE on   
Clear winner of the  Thank you for your support!   
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
"" OMG awesome! What time zone!?
"" yes sir
"" Your the man!!
"" You were amazing !
"" You're a funny guy! Vote: 
"" The only person in politics who shouldn’t have term limits is President Trump!""  Cute!"
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's.
Thank you for the nice words The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!
Will be interviewed on the tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and  campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
 works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
Thank you for your nice words this morning on It was a good night!
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
"" The fix is in Donald did his best performance and has Jeb scoring higher? Jeb looked in pain""  Joke"
Thank you, - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. 
We're not talking about religion, we're talking about security. 
 
Departing for  Let's   
"" Many thanks Donald, and all good wishes in helping to clean up the American government. Honored to be your friend. C.
""  If  Donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than Hillary will."" 
"" Pataki needs a brain surgeon!
"" Lindsey still doesn't hear Americans! Still at Zero! It's like Monty Python."
"" just called you ""this PRESIDENT"" !!!   But I don't want his endorsement!"
"" DonaldTrump Good were glad he doesn't represent what you stand for Lindsey. You are weak and have no clue"
"" Sour grapes graham. Dont blame Trump because you cant interest voters.
"" Geez Mr. Trump, they are coming for you even before the REAL debate. asks all negative Trump questions! 
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Don't worry - media won't report it! 
 what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects , my friend, I won't forget! 
 
.  was great as a political analyst on He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including and more. Too bad dopey lies!
Between Iraq war monger dummy deadpan highly overrated among others, not fair!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward -   hope I get treated fairly!
I wonder if and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
 is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
 the most overrated anchor at worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
Why isn't anyone using the Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
Isn't it amazing that paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13%, 33% to 20% - then doesn't use it
Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from - 38%.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for your support!  
"" Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history.
""  I'm in PA near PBurgh. Dad will register to vote first time for Trump. Mom is changing from D to R!
""  oh my word what a crowd.. just breathtaking.   
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support.   
 horrible defense of me against highly overrated I will bring more people into the party , easily beat Hillary!
Why doesn't use the  Iowa poll?
Thank you Great work on 
Thank you for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
  
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
 - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the 
 was great on Thank you Pat! 
Thank you nice!  
Another great accolade for Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Record of Health:  
  
EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: ‘The Country Is in Rebellion,’ Trump Can ‘Kick Down the Doors’ 
Why doesn't quote the new Iowa Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
"" UFC President Dana White Endorses Donald Trump [VIDEO]  via  Love this from a real winner!"
""  Trump did not need 2acquire wealth , power, owes nothing to anyone. Candidates owe their backers 
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
"" and as far as that low-info voter base goes, I have an IQ of 132. So much for that theory. 
"" Problem is I never watched you until Trump started giving you interviews and ratings on CNN.
"" .You're the real deal. For my money, tedcruz just doesn't cut the mustard. Go Trump!  
"" TRUMP NEEDS HIS OWN POLL A REAL POLL, IN EVERY STATE. THESE POLLS ARE SO RIDICULOUS.THE MEDIA WILL ONLY GET WORSE FROM HERE
""  That's why, after your interview, I couldn't watch the panel discussion, which is usually my favorite segment.
"" Not so much fairness as it is about ratings . Megan Kellys hate nightly of Trump is turn-off for FOX
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
I did interview with Chris Wallace of in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss.
"" Everyone vote for and no he did not pay me for this endorsement.
"" I find myself more and more drawn to CNN for fairness regarding The Fox News Sunday pundits a joke!"
""  TRUMP HAS STAMINA, HE IS WORKING HARDER THAN ANY OTHER CANDIDATE. He REALLY loves AMERICA . He deserves to win.
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
"" ABC News spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign.  That's because is smart!"
  Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.
People that have read it tell me that book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! should can him, no credibility!
""  CRUZ doesn't do anything about ILLEGALS and ""REFUGEES"" invading Texas. 
""  As a democrat I have to say, since Hillary is the front-runner, I will choose Trump.
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
"" TRUMP IS WINNING BY SO MUCH MORE, IT'S NEAR 60% NATIONALLY. THEY ARE ALL BIASED POLLS!!!!
"" That is why we don't need a politician to be the next president.
"" I'd pay to watch that - The Donald vs Hillary""  Get ready!"
""  
""  I agree with Trump. Record turnouts . There's a lot of potential voters that Trump is tapping into."
Chris Wallace at 10:00 A.M.
  
 at 9:00 A.M.
 An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
 Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!
"" Has your country, Saudi Arabia, taken ANY of the Syrian refugees? If not, why not?
Something must be done with dopey - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it, Karl is a loser
""   Son Don Jr. on Fox says Sr. more concerned about the 'safety of Americans' than 'offending people'
"" love you Trump! Please 
"" I'll be watching 👀
"" DVR SET!
I will be interviewed on at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0  A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE.  
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
Thank you General.  
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina!    
Reports say  now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so. 
John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41! 
Getting the support of of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
 so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
Thank you!  
I will be interviewed on at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
 did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
"" Trump: ""Protect the 2nd amendment...And by the way we’re going to be saying Merry Christmas again."" Iowa crowd LOVES it.
"" Iowa's RNC committeewoman Tamara Scott praises Trump and asks why the RNC would not be thrilled with his candidacy."
"" Trump says he was establishment. ""I backed McCain he lost. I backed Romney he lost. This time I'm doing it myself."
"" Good Lord ... Donald.. Your following went up so much lately ... Crazy love for you and what you stand for!"
"" Donald Trump unleashes verbal assault on ""nice guy"" Ted Cruz:  
"" I will follow all the way to   
Just got back from Iowa, great people!
I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support.   
 you were great with on tonight.  Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
Dopey Prince wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddy’s money. Can’t do it when I get elected. 
Thank you , 
"" He needs to stop all Visas not look at them!
Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with  coming in at 12%. Time to  
I will not let you down!    
Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' , PA Governor. Him , his friend shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
Never get good  from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
Great news in Georgia!  The just out  Landmark poll shows me in first with 43%! Wow.  
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland. 
 is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning!  I fixed his rating problem.
 just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time
 should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
Looks like is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
 is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!
Great evening last night in  New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big  territory, great people! Thank you.
 was not good tonight on He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
""  Explains Why Has Plenty of Staying Power 
"" Time for the Republican establishment to accept the fact that Trump is not only a viable candidate, but lead is real"
"" I hope that you will be the next POTUS.
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
In Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.
Thank you to I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you!  
Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration""  
Establishment flunky is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
Dummy continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!
Thank you for your support! Being  will NOT   
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!   ... ...
The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily  on Many people in the U.K. agree with me!
Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily  for her  powerful writing on the U.K.'s Muslim problems.
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
 spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, she's being driven crazy!
"" great interview! Speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick!"" Thank you!"
Weak and totally conflicted people like shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock! 
""  . The people do not care what politician said about Trump . We still support him all the way
Great interview tonight - very professionally done.
""  Megyn clearly was out to make a bigger name for herself and struck first blow. 
"" this is the best interview so far. Honest, well reasoned and without all the name calling."
"" Mr Trump did you deny Megyn Kelly. What is her issue! I used to like her. Can't stand her now. Very little talent!
Thank you for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas:  
Why does bore their audience with people like a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
 who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent!
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina!  
I am interviewed on the  tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by on Enjoy!
Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis"" 
 Haim Saban: Hillary Clinton’s Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims""   
The police in London say I’m right. Major article in Daily Mail. “We can’t wear uniform in our own cars.”  
Thank you you finally get it! 
Thank you, Piers, they don't know what they're getting into.  
 of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!   ... ...
Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: 'Complete Refugee Pause' Makes Sense' "" 
I told you Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
"" did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? Ignorance"" Yes, he is a crude dope!"
""  Wow!"
""  People forget the policies of leaders like allowed 9/11 killers to immigrate, drive, , pilot planes
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
The failing does not mention the new Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!
"" Mr. Trump, you need to get some rest. We need you to stay healthy so that you can be our President!
""  anyone who hates on Trump hates on America. We are a proud nation lacking a leader. Choose Trump to bring us
"Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for ""Trump"" according to
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false report.
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe!   
Will be on News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary Enjoy
The legendary will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on at 6:30 PM.
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP , ran as an independent. 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!   ...
Via 
I wish the Wall Street Journal had reported the just out Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!
"Just won IOWA Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%,  but reported ""Cruz momentum"" but nothing about the fact that I easily won!"
Thank you for the support, South Carolina!    
"" I hope you become president!"
""  New Iowa poll finds  in the lead by double digits.  
"" is so great towards you. Just doesn't like people on his show to bad mouth you. He is great .
""  DonaldTrump preach it brother! First election I've been excited about in many many years. Since Reagan to be exact
"" Amen! Looking forward to a happy new year. It's been too long! 
Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate 
""  Today, ""New Iowa poll finds Trump in the lead by double digits""  
"" Hey Hillary, America will feel much safer once you've failed to get into office.
"" Can't wait for President Trump to put things in order in US. We desperately need patriot with,finally,brains"
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC.   
Just released Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing Thank you Iowa!
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe  needs to surrender!
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it!  
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration:  
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred , danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
Thank you Iowa!   
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
 is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesn’t get that I’m good at winning!
""  Trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. America believes Trump will get rid of ISIS!
Today we honor the fallen at  74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them!  
Poor doesn't have what it takes- 
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI"" 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  
If ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The scam is saving it!
The loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner power to screw public on low taxation of Big tax shelter
The which loses a fortune, is owned by  for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company,
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace
"I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said ""I'm a negotiator like you"" Got standing O-rated best of day!"
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS , W.R.
"" He will never say it, therefore he will never have a solution!
Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
"" he is reading off the TelePrompTer.""  But that is O.K. in this case."
"" THIS IS WHO WE R ☆REGISTER AS REP ONLINE 2VOTE TRUMP IN PRIMARY :  
"" air strikes? Who's air strikes??
"" MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, DT! 👍
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
"" Fantastic winning all the way to WH 
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff.
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Gee, with was getting terrible ratings then, with me,  he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world, health , happiness! Happy Hanukkah! 
I have been saying it for sometime now!  
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks! 
"" America’s most reliable bellwether county has fallen for  Great story, thanks!"
Thank you America! Together, we will all   
Wow, said some very nice things about me today on with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
"" only President Donald J Trump can 
"" in bed together , hate Trump.  Win it for the USA , the 21st Cent"
""  We will elect for President! We must!😊 
"" Awesome interview. You are always honest with the American people Thank you Mr. Trump!! 
  Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!
"" Trump is not controlled by donors,special interests,Lobbyists like U.Ur a total puppet.Trump is working 4 U.S."
So, how did I do on Face The Nation?
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
"Hillary just said that she will not use the term ""radical Islamic"" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of  Obama , the e-mails!"
""  AMERICA WANTS       Politicians are so dishonest!"
"" Poll numbers will go up even more for after Obama's 'address'"
"" Kasick message is as muddled and stagnant as his political career. Lied about Trump crowd."" Media-he LIED!"
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Was going to do a phoner this morning with on but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
 , should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you for reporting the truth. 
"" just tweeted that you are a third rate reporter."" That's only because I'm being nice!"
 you copied incompetent incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
 3rd rate reporter , @ CBS lied. Finished in normal manner,signed autos for 20min. Dishonest! 
A great day in both Spencer , Davenport, Iowa! THANK YOU for the support!    
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA  -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!  
Done by a real fan!   
Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"" you were awesome at the rally. It was exciting to see you."" Two truly fantastic women!"
"" you were awesome at the rally. It was exciting to see you.
"" Thanks for coming to Raleigh Mr. Trump. I enjoyed every minute of your epic speech!""  Thanks"
""  Yes! We love you Donald!! We are behind you all the way to Whitehouse!!
"" Donald Trump opens up 'massive' lead in national poll    
""  WILL TURN PA from Clinton Blue to TRUMP RED! Team WONT STOP"
"" keep up your good work Mr trump cause u have my vote
"" we are with you Mr Trump. We back you 100 percent.
""     
""  Trump understands freedom needs defending with full heart and diligence. He will fight for America!"
A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU!  
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts. 
Good news, disloyal stock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas!  
Congratulations, Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest ---  
A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing by the 
   
 one of the dumber bloggers only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didn’t they report?
  Martha, great interview with my son -- smart, tough , professional. Thank you!
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts: 
The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!
 , Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll.
 Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks.
"" The GOP establishment: Republican voters think Donald Trump would be most electable nominee. 
"" Another clip that seems to vindicate The Donald... 
" I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said ""not even close."" Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s"
"" As a professional handicapper is a 3/5 favorite for presidency.  
"" Your hand must be tired from all the Crippled America books you autographed tonight-one is mine.""  Great!"
"" Show 'em how it's done in Raleigh tomorrow, President Trump! I will!"
"" Great job on O'Reilly Stay who you are, it's refreshing.  
"" We can't take 8 years of Hilary or 8 years of establishment GOP!!! We need Trump!!
""  America needs a real leader, America needs Donald Trump for President!
Watch my live book signing now! 
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer! 
Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now , be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.  
Thank you!!  
Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week! 
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi. 
Thank you! Vote in 2016!  
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends , family. Order signed copy , join me at 7:30pm, live streaming! 
Why can't get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends , family. Order signed copy , join me tonite live streaming 7:30     
"" Your the man Don. You make me smile every day. Look forward to your inauguration."" Nice!"
""  The more frightening the world is , the more safe we feel with  President Trump
"" Will be interesting to see how many times Jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found...
"" You can definitely thank God for you health, stamina, strength, and all the good things in your life!"" True!"
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection
"" Trump: Mideast peace 'something I'd really like to do'  | AP Photo 
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
"" CBS reports ""swarms"" of celebrators were on roofs in Jersey on 9/11/2001‼️‼️ VIDEO:  
"" APOLOGIZE HYPOCRITE Jersey City 9/11 Celebration Report    ...
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
"" his poll numbers jump every time instances like this occur."
"" start backing real change is coming !
"" if only we had a leader like this. We will soon. DonaldTrump will look out for the interests of Americans."
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
 Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
""  Chris Christie needs to  2 along with everyone else who doubted u. 
"" Legal , illegal immigration drive down American wages. Only DonaldTrump can fix this.  
""  WILL WIN! He's counting on ALL supporters TO VOTE Then ""WE"" CELEBRATE WITH TAILGATE STYLE PAIES! 
"" This country is being frayed by the inept politicians in DC. We need to vote smarter and be more informed.  
"" Bruce LeVell, former GOP Chairman of Gwinnett County (GA) endorsed today.  
""  Amen, Mr. Trump! The liberal media morons do indeed owe you an apology! Bravo,sir! Your friend and supporter 
"" Mr. Trump, the Establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency, and the American people!"" True!"
"" I likewise saw militant Muslims burning our flag and burning George Bush photos and figures, right after 9/11! Not
""  yet, ChrisChristie claims absolutely did not happen in  
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now , join my live streaming book signing on 12/3  
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
Thank you CBS , Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses.  
""  no one is even close to 
I beat Hillary in the new Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LIVE on  Live with the Donald 
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook , Periscope! 
""  
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA , submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm.   
I WILL BE ON  AT 7:30 -NOW!
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. 
"" Stupid ""opinion""!  is Winning! why will he leave? dummy! 
""    Any GOP candidate will lose except for I agree!"
""  Conservatives, Dems, independents alike all want trump. There is no one else. 
""  I will NOT vote for Cruz or  My vote is pledged to ,my grandchildren. Pray for the USA."
"" ***Howard Stern Caller day after 9/11  ... ...
"" I live in NJ , you've got that right! NJ wants ChrisChristie OUT of NJ! 
"" I just signed up in support of your campaign on your website 
"" Have a great rally !!!
""  YES HE IS , SHOULD APOLOGIZE All people trying 2 take Trump down, not a chance
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA , submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm   
What is Obama thinking? 
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to 
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies? 
Jamiel Shaw was incredible on this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order , join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3   
A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together, we will  
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA , have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3 
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
We need a great leader- now! 
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong.  
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll  More concerned are Dems—I beat Hillary heads up!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
"" THERE WERE NO VIDEO CELL PHONES!IS AreUall looking4bonus?Near StJoes Hosp Paterson NJ Arab area outside celeb"
"" Mr. Trump, Chuck Todd is a moron, all kinds of youtube videos showing muslims celebrating 911. I would show it on your ads.
"" we also saw numerous (since scrubbed) videos of celebrations on 9/11
When will get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also.
My honor, thank you.  
""  We could use a new era of greatness! America needs to return to its place in the world--leading!
"" John Kasich-it didn't work I'm still voting for  John has done so poorly in the debates he's done!"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"" Maria, why do you work with such dummies as Cokie Roberts, You can do much better!
""  TRUMP will make America SAFE again...He will make America LEGAL again...He will make America GREAT again!  USA
"" They should all get on the Trump train!""  So true!"
"" Trump for president!  
""  Every time Trump is gracious enough to do a MSM interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions, why is that.
"" TRUMP IS THE SMAEST AND BEST MAN TO SAVE AMERICA.   Thank you!"
""   is Up! Up! Up! No other candidate is even close!!   
Great job on You made kooky Cokie Roberts and look even dumber than they are. You will be right!
"" Chuck doesn't know that 100,000 x 2 = 200,000 
After my meeting with the pastors, it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
Just watched Cookie Roberts on Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case
"" Trump is our last hope to make America great again.  So true!"
"" I can't wait to vote for 
"" How High Corporate Taxes Lost America The World’s Next Biggest Drug Company  
"" story is bogus. Donald Trump has the most diverse group of voters/supporters in the GOP field.
 has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
"" Another hit piece by CNN. ""What? We're not biased!""
I will be on in an interview with on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
""   Your story is a total fraud""  I agree!"
"" I can't believe how low CNN can go. Obviously a bunch of Killary fans."" only says negative-bad reporters"
The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!
 Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her  on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
""  so great in Sarasota, FL!  We're following T all the way!
"" JohnKasich  All you career Politicians are shaking in your shoes for fear Trump gets elected
"" NOW'S THE TIME 4 CHRISTIANS TO GET OUT THE VOTE BIG TIME TO SAVE CHRISTIANITY ONCE , 4 ALL. TRUMP
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5,000, a record, but 12,000 showed up! Great love in the air! 
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier , will be landing soon! See you there.  
"" America backs you. Your our next President!!!!"" Thank you!"
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"" Live Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Sarasota, FL Nov 28 - 12:00 PM (EST)   
"" That's why THE MAN. CANNOT BE BOUGHT BY    
Pollster Trend National GOP Average223 national polls , 33 pollsters.  
"" Incompetence now the norm. NYTimes is an example. Need competent leader as role model. Trump2016
"" Don't let the jackals in the media trip u up. Their getting desperate
"" So like the media to make something out of nothing. Don't let them sidetrack from the message.
"" should the reporter's dishonesty be shielded from ridicule?
"" Donald Trump Rises to 38% Nationally, Ted Cruz Edges into 2nd at 12%"
"" Great twitter quote about Donald Trump: ""Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media"
"" If you combine the business models for both Macy's , the NY Times, both are on a rapid decline, such a pity.
"" no need to explain, Sir. We've got your back.""  Thanks!"
"" Shopping is NO LONGER a family CHRISTMAS TIME tradition in my house."" Great, a very disloyal chain!"
The failing should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2!
I do not know the reporter for the or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support!  
""  gets it. Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended  media.

Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The numbers at the  are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!
So, since the people at the have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
The dopes at the bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
The is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
"" I lived in New Jersey at that time and witnessed all that as well."
The failing should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!
"" So good to see the family out with him on the campaign trail! It really shows the family man that he is!
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI via
  
I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY , IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT! 
"" The Establishment is afraid of Once we try a business man we may never want a politician again! 
Thank you for your continued support!  
 just totally bombed on has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser!  Fox should dump Rove.
""  did not say very nice things about you this morning on her show. Typical liberal!"" True!"
"" Bombed is an understatement. Pathetic attempt by  Rove embarrassed himself
""    America wants DONALD TRUMP! ""TV Heads"" still refuse to embrace that reality! Media are LIARS.
"" DonaldTrump Never thought much of Carl.. Make America Great Again Trump for President 2016
"" Karl is a total joke!!!! If he didn't have the Bush family and Fox he wouldn't have anything! !"
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
Why would use as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
"" Love it. Wish I could get I hear good things about them such as objective unbiased reporting."
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina   
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!
"" had a great time in Myrtle Beach tonight.
New national poll released. Thank you America!  
Thank you for your nice words for the nice words on with Chris Wallace.  
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
 came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy. 
"" Leave our candidate alone! Do not embarrass yourselves further."
"" Keep up the good work! Americans of ALL kinds are rallying behind jlDonaldTrump to help 
"" I'll only vote for TRUMP! If eGOP screw things up I won't vote for ANY republicans, ANY 
"" If you run anyone but Trump, Hillary wins. So Rubio, Christie, Jeb! , Kasich must hate the country. 
Will be doing at 10 PM on  As always with Sean, will be interesting!
Heading to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Really big crowd—so much to talk about!
Republicans must stop relying on losers like if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!
""  I enjoyed the speech so much tonight, you were on point 👆 Sir!""  Thanks."
"" it was awesome!  Great crowd! Wonderful
"" You know he has great vision. The very best. Many people have told him so. Thousands of people!
"" they're finally gettin the message, we're fed up , we're not going establishment."
"" We have a voice with DonaldTrump, Let’s do our part , VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4   
"" You ROCKED IT AGAIN IN OHIO!!!! Come to Nebraska.. Please!! Trump 2016!!"" Thanks and I will!"
Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!
""  Ben Carson advisers say he struggles with foreign policy  
"" Everything Mr. Trump touches turns to gold, what a great negotiator! !!!!!"" Thanks."
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate, loves 
 reports that getting ready to treat me unfairly—big spending planned against me. That wasn’t the deal!
Via 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right!  
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal was to the subject of illegal immigration.  
Hillary, there is nothing to laugh about- 
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
 has one of the worst reporters in the business -- wouldn’t know the truth if it hit him in the face.
 continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancy—ain’t working!
 thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on My family , I greatly appreciate your kind words.
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
""   is an excellent resource for the 2016 race   
"" Trump gave a great speech in Ala. What's more important a protester? I wouldn't give these folks 1 sec of attn
Will be interviewed on on at 7:15 A.M.
"" THE SCRIPT FOR A GREAT WORLD CHANGING LEADER TO ARISE HAS BEEN WRITTEN , IT WAS FOR MR. TRUMP"
"" The reporter is the one who mentioned the national database FIRST and not DonaldTrump. Y not report HONEST NEWS?
"" We need Trump now! Obama isn't protecting Americans !!
"" The Paris attacks have only made Donald Trump stronger   Very interesting!"
""  Trump is the epitome of integrity, good spirit, forthright honesty... you pull no punches and call a spade a spade. diggin it!
""  A Clinton Cannot be trusted!How many x's do we allow them to disgrace this country? 
""    
"" By going after you, Jindal also lost the LA governor race! Politicians Beware."
Great poll numbers! Thank you!  
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it?  WE NEED THE WALL!
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
Big new Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with I will be interviewed on show!
 just announced that I am leading  BIG in the new Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show
Will be interviewed on at 8:00 A.M.
I find that is a far more professional operation than
.ccolvinj is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
"" URGENT  an effort to destroy their own front runner.”    I HIT BACK!"
"" Kimberly G. hosted Greta last nights, told the TRUTH about Trump! 
"" What Financial Pros Can Learn from Donald Trump's Communication Style  Very nice, thanks!"
"" Donald Trump retakes lead in GOP race, Ted Cruz makes gains: poll:  # via AOL
"" Great family. Great interview ! 
"" Well said 
"" ""It’s clear that Donald Trump was NOT even talking about a Muslim Database!"" 
"" Do successful CEOs sleep less than everyone else?  
"" Report:  Heckler Convicted Of Attempting To Blow Up Marine Recruitment Center 
"" Palin on 2016: ""I think it would come down to Cruz and Trump!   | Getty 
"" I’ll talk to Donald Trump about his comments on Syrian refugees, and much more, Sunday on
"" Trump's Wife, Children Open Up About GOP Candidate: ""There’s No One Else Like Him""  
 great job - we are all proud of you!
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!   
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama!   
It's too bad so few people showed up to Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try , be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
Thank you John Nolte for wonderful analysis , reporting.
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, , Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat!
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you 
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire , dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!
"People are really liking my new book, ""Crippled America."" Check it out!"
"" anchor's shocked that DonaldTrump's  comments resonate with GOP base will go apoplectic that he does with democrats too."
"" cannot be bought! Therefore he cannot be silenced!
""  we're ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the Buckeye State.  
"" Do you plan on making any campaign stops in West Virginia?"" YES, soon."
"" Watched special tonight! You have such amazing children. Lots to be proud of! Love your wife! Class Act!
"" A GREAT DAY in South Carolina for DonaldTrump ,    
""  You're the hero America needs!   Thank you, I only want to make America great again!"
"" Your family is a better watch than the Kardashians by a mile!"" Cute!"
""  No pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! That's his promise to us!! We love u trump
"" he will make America great again"
"" the best man for the job!"" Thanks!"
"" AMAZING interview. You and your family will be great role models for America!!!  
""  Watching now! Great! Always true to his word and the USA! A real leader! So nice to hear!!!
"" trump 20/20 shows just what hard work and good family can do. Blue collar with you.
"" Long live Donald Trump our next Ronald Reagan!!! God bless you we need you"" Nice!"
Join us at 10pmE on with   
 I joined  with on this evening.  
""  No one can take down because it is the WILL of the people for him to win!"
"" When you become president, we will avenge all of the innocents who isis killed
""  Trump supporters are a very loyal breed! We see the truth, only Trump can fix this mess we are in"
Looking forward to watching the legendary interview my family (and me) tonight on at 10:00. Many things to talk about!
"" You are amazing Mr. Trump! Thank you!!!""  So nice."
Tune into the legendary at 10pmE o tonight.  for a full hour  
   Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
"" ROLL TIDE
"" North Carolina. Come on down.""  Will be there very soon!"
"" Alabama loves you""  Great!"
"" I'll be in attendance.     Nice!"
"" Awesome news. Keep your focus on the issues. You just might get more blue collar Democrats to vote for you than Reagan.
 Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
 is weak on illegal immigration , totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be 
The legendary interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on . Don't miss it! 
 should focus on running  , all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, , not be so focused on me!
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., , probably the worst Mayor in the history of  just called me a blow hard!
Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday!   
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism , have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength- 
"" If I was 18 I'd vote for Thank you!"
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary tonight - 10pmE. 
 a Fox contributor, isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. made the point far better!
Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!
"The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders ""MASTERMINDS."" Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!"
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina!  
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum!   
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete , total dud!
John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
Doesn’t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else  - he’s almost last.
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easy—he came in dead last!
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don’t want to waste my money.
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign , debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it!
Thank you Worcester, Massachusetts!   
Just the beginning , it is going to get worse. Rates , deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it. 
I told you! Premiums are soaring!   
Thank you for your support! Together we can   
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration , the wall. After Paris, they’re all on the bandwagon.
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG , BEAUTIFUL WALL!
"" New Hampshire Poll: 'Rules GOP Race in New Hampshire.' Trump 27, Rubio 13, Cruz 11, Bush 9, Carson 9, , Kasich 7
"Via Politico: ""Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll"" 
Very nice article from Daily Mail  
Great New Poll  
How does Ben Carson survive this problem – really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.  
""     Katrina, great job on last night!"
Thank you for all of your support! Let's   
The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 10:00 on ABC.... 
"" Obama has no credibility on terrorist threats , ISIS. Trump best to protect us
I will be interviewed by  tonight at 10:00 on . Much, much, much to talk about!
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary Watch  this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS
 is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible , highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant!
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe"" 
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Tennessee!  
Just received a copy of new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Great poll numbers out of Thank you!   
Just leaving Knoxville, TN --- what a crowd, what amazing people!   
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
I agree! The headline says it all.  
Discussing  with on back on 10/3/2015.  
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple, we want to 
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big , think strong!
Wow, shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties , shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root 
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil.
"" From St. Patrick's Cathedral, NYC: blessings, prayers and heartfelt concern for those in Paris."
""  didn't know he was CEO of tmobile, I have T-Mobile, it's pathetic, dropped calls, no service.
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
   John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
"" you are so right. I only trust Trump to be tough on immigration
""  I have faith he will win and save America
"" i have faith he will win and save America
"" We finally have a voice with  Let’s do our part , VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY, 4   
"" Reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. We SO NEED YOU, MR. TRUMP! Make America Great Again
"" Does anybody ever realize that HillaryClinton doesn't make eye contact with anyone, even the camera. That's a sign of lying
"" If you missed it, here is the most popular link among people I follow  by
""   You're spot on! He tries 2b an intellectual elitist.The truth: he has a low IQ, no imagination, no creativity
Glad to see that lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at Magazine. He is a total loser!
 Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!
"" Donald Trump surges in poll among likely Republican voters 
"" Donald Trump says tough gun control laws in Paris contributed to tragedy:  Presidential candidate??
"" One of Paris terrorist came as Syrian refugee. Donald Trump is right again. BOMB THEIR OIL - TAKE AWAY THEIR FUNDING
We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
 on ISIS,OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! you should acknowledge this!  
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  can't say it, and unless he will,  the problem will not be solved!
"" the best book I've read in years, Trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas, a true economic genius
"" Crippled America is an incredible book! People need to read truth.  
"" Poll: Trump Surges to 42% Nationally, ‘Bad News for Marco Rubio’   Great news!"
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%.
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
"" TrumpOn America needs you in office Now!  
"" I absolutely love this, can't wait till u debate Clinton
"" Enough of these party debates. What I wanna see is a vs one on one debate!"" That would be easy!"
"" are you watching this circus?!?  what a joke! 
""  this debate stinks. CBS News, major fail.
"Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him!  
"" was right! close the borders! 
"" I love you Trump! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"" I still haven't heard the WH say the words islamic terrorist. Call it what it is.  can't happen fast enough."
"" has what MONEY CAN'T BUY: VISION , LOYAL , MOTIVATED SUPPO!   
"" THE WORLD IS PLAYING EVERYTHING RIGHT FOR TRUMP! EVERY DAY HIS POINTS ARE PROVEN
"" you definitely have my vote!👍🏻
"" - a tough man for a tough job in tough times. Gloves off, game on! 
"" you need to win for not just America, but for humanity.
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!
"President Obama said ""ISIL continues to shrink"" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE."
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Boy is this guy tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself! 
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. 
Thank you for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. 
Thank you Arkansas! 
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better! 
  Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad.
 had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
 I only said I was on four weeks ago with Putin—never said I was in Green Room. Separate pieces—great ratings!
  Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper , pathological disease. I didn’t say it, he did. Apology?
 Carly—I did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?
 Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to “let Jeb talk, give him a chance” because Kasich was constantly cutting in.
"" REUTERS 5-DAY ROLLING POLL: TRUMP 34%, CARSON 19.6%, RUBIO 9.7%, CRUZ 7.7%..."" Thank you - a great honor!"
Happy Friday the 13th 
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support , this evening!   
First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you!  
I will be on with at 7PM. Tune in!
I will be on with tonight at 6PM. 
Macy’s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed!  
Thank you for showing the was wrong. So dishonest! 
From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said  he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
Total fool is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk, no action dummy!   
 and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.
Why does the failing write a false editorial about me and let dummy make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
 is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%
We, as a country, either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Why wouldn't the call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
"When and how are the dummies at the going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want ""smart"" trade deals."
The Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
 Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.
Today's Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
I will be interviewed on at 7:30
"All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate. said I was ""so, so.
"" I'm not convinced that any candidate other than is committed to securing our borders. 
"" You will bring out more voters to vote for you than we've seen in any election!"" Great."
"" This 92-Year-Old Woman Registered to Vote Just to Cast a Ballot for Trump 
""  RUBIO sat back during debate on Immigration hoping no 1 would ask him about Gang of 8. 
Will be interviewed by tonight at 8 PM.
I will be on at 8PM tonight. Tune in!
 Gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, “really smart and elegant.”
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date.
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
Thank you , -- a great show!   
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
Will be on live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
""  Keep up the good work, Donald! Hello from Vancouver where the new , amazing Trump Tower and Hotel almost complete!"
I will be on live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am.  
"People Magazine: ""Donald Trump Was Right: He Gave SNL Its Best Ratings in Nearly 4 Years--Plus, What You Didn't See"" 
Thank you South Carolina!  
Thank you New Jersey!  
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!
""  Funny all the real polls have way ahead."
"" Like him or hate him runs a brilliant campaign for  !""  Thank you!"
"" is Hillary's worst nightmare! Just take a look at Illinois rally last night.
"" If the Trump Hotel Honolulu is any reflection how you would be as President then I think the U.S will be in good hands"" Thank you!"
I will be interviewed by on at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!
""  Gives SNL Its Biggest Ratings In Years 
"" Why nailed SNL. My new column. 
"" Donald Trump lifted  to its best ratings since 2012.   (Photo: NBC) 
""  Trump helps ‘SNL’ blow roof off the ratings, most viewers since 2012  
"" DonaldTrump 'Saturday Night Live' episode garners highest viewership since 2012  
"" Ratings were HUGE for appearance on Saturday Night Live -&gt, 
"" Only one man has the appeal, nerve, commitment, ideas, , motivation. He's the icon, business tycoon, and lovable DonaldTrump"
"" it's the only way we can make America great again.
"" Exactly. Marco has no accomplishments.
""  It shouldn't be ignored, and I doubt it will be, Carson will drop in polls.
""  Look when you try to kill Your mom,that's it for me ,no walking on water
"" OuTsTaNdInG!!! Is obvious that Jr. has much of his father's 'charisma' and intelligence!
  
Thank you to Robert Rorke for the really nice review of  So many enjoyed it - very gratifying! 
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration , in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for 
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat , chugging water. He choked!
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
A great evening in Springfield, Illinois. Thank you for all of the support!  
Great job on Nobody could have done it better!
Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated.  
  should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent, no TV persona, and works for Bush—a total conflict of interest.  
 Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments.  I will help the veterans like no one else.   
"" Trump SNL Episode Generates Highest Ratings Since 2012: At the very least, Donald Trump is making Sat... 
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
"" Trump Is Ratings ‘Gold’ For SNL: Donald Trump Is Ratings ‘Gold’ For SNL...   
"" Ratings: DonaldTrump lifted  to a near four-year high.   TRUMP RATINGS GOLD!"
"" Chuck Schumer: Sen Marco Rubio Is “Totally Committed To Obama’s Immigration Agenda”  DonaldTrump"
"" great job on SNL mr trump, funny funny.""  Thanks."
"" Trump Winery:  via Always an amazing experience at Trump Winery​ Beautiful fall foliage"
"" you made SNL great again"" 
""  was hilarious ty we so enjoyed it!   
"" That's because people are interested in you, , you've got a great sense of humor, unlike Hillary 
"" HUUUUUGE
"" Great job Donald! Good luck from Canada!
 Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary , Miley Cyrus. Nice words
Television ratings for Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
"" You've got it going on!!! Nothing is boring or low energy about you.  
At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both by and Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
I will be interviewed by  on   at 10:00 A.M.
  Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy.
""  Awesome time on Saturday Night Live Mr. Trump! Thanks for being YOU!   Thank you!"
"" You are a machine. Success leaves clues. 
 - So much fun last night!
"" What a show. Thanks for watching, everyone!  
"" you made SNL great again
"" I am Hispanic - I am with you
"" it was a great show!
"" we need you elected tomorrow!
"" Loved the show!
"" Please stand up for American Hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying USA! 
"" great show !!! 
"" thanks donald great show,when r u coming back to massachusetts?"" Very soon!"
"" We finally have a voice with   Let’s do our part , VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4   
"" It was FANTASTIC!!
"" The books great  
"" Loved the show! Best  in years! 
Will be on at 8:00 A.M.
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
"I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a ""tweeting"" skit, so stay tuned!"
"" I am working a   SHIFT BUT WILL STAY UP 2 WATCH! I COULD USE A SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE LAUGH!  Nice."
"" If you like how handled  then you'll just ♥ her as Commander-in-Chief  
"" You want them here legally and they want to be here legally!
""   Wow Marco, is this true?"
"" so let it be written, so lets get him elected in a landslide victory in 2016! 
"" use SNL to tell Hispanics you are for them , you want them to have jobs and be here legally"" Great idea!"
"" is performing, DonaldTrump is hosting. Tonight's  is going to be legendary. 
"" From the last time Donald Trump hosted  — The Boardroom Band.  
"" Backstage with Trump.  
"" Everyone loves new look.  
"" Cecily also has a Trump impression.   
"" See you at Rockefeller Center.  
"" We're live from Studio 8H tonight.  
"" can't wait to watch.  for president  night live
"" I haven't seen anyone carry themselves so Presidential since Reagan.  Great!"
They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
"" Donald Trump is going to win the Presidency. Get on board the  its going to be   Thanks."
"" Live from New York, Donald Trump will soon be hosting 'SNL':  Frazier, enjoy the show and best wishes!"
"" We unearthed Donald Trump's Vine account from 2013 and it's incredible  Thank you."
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
 Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character!
""  I can't wait to watch snl tomorrow."" A really big show!"
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump  Dope!
"" THIS IS WHY THE POLLS ARE WRONG! I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump! 
"" One more day! Donald Trump hosts  with tomorrow.   Will be a wild night!"
Would be nice if learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!
 has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesn't have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!
"" don't let the Keystone Pipeline die. The US needs to be good neighbors with Canada, and energy independent.
""  Only Donald Trump can  Thank you!"
Will be on tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill! 
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
Happy Birthday to the great He's done so many wonderful things, not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!
""  IS CARSON HALLUCINATING? NOW LIES ABOUT WESTPOINT? 
"" DonaldTrump has built a lifetime reputation of doing what he says he will do. He keeps his promises. 
"" Will be highest rated show ever, is a marketing genius  Hope it does well!"
"" GREAT Video. Which of these 4 Polls is Suspect? Kudos to    
"" Super excited to watch tomorrow night on 
""  and they kept Rand Paul on the main stage. Let's get Huck and Christie back.
"" The  straw man candidate is falling apart!👊🏽
"" How anyone could see him as president baffles me. Lies and insane theories."
""  KEEP IT COMMING TRUMP!!!! People need to be warned about that Carson figure who is not who they think!
Getting ready for commercial. 
"" This is not good.   WOW, one of many lies by Ben Carson! Big story."
""  All Rep should stand with  Forget Bush, Rubio and knife attackers! 
 Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
I think it would be a good idea—and fair—to include , in the debate. Both solid , good guys.
"Carson now admits his friend named ""Bob,"" who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!), no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!"
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it?
"Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the states that Carson ""is trying to solidify his lead."" But I am  easily! Sad"
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
""  Rubio is a Manchurian Candidate. People will own him if he ever became president.
"" lead in Reuters National poll 
"" Marco Rubio can't even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the U.S. finances 
"" it's about time we find a republican that can take on the democrats! 
"" Interesting presidential race, Carson tries to beat his mom with a hammer, and beats Carson in the polls!"
"" Silent majority did not try to kill their mothers, like Ben Carson, but wants America rebuilt by only one capable:TRUMP
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
"" Wow You openly LIE about who's ahead in the GOP race. Trump is LEADING in 99% of polls. Shameful... 
"" Ivanka said it and you said it too, you'll be great for women. 
"" TRUMP Supporters aren't Angry We're Smart ! We're Men / Women / Millennials / Politically Saavy  
"" I love to see the respect you have shown to your parents, siblings and children. Proven Respect and Class needed in USA!
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
"" MSM are LYING to you about Hispanics hating Trump. Here's the real deal!   
Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didn’t change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame! 
"" poll numbers are higher then most think, no one is asking Democrats if they are voting Trump
"" I just finished reading Crippled America. It's a detailed blueprint to get America back on track.
"" No need, Everyone knows Jeb is full of blank."
"" JEB'S! Whole campaign is fueled by lies. Just like his brother lied about Iraq. BUSH DYNASTY=LIES
" should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I ""ran for president twice."" Never ran, merely considered running!"
"" I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump!!!!   Great!"
"" What other candidate begins to rival Trump in his knowledge, breadth of issues, stamina?"" Thanks!"
"" Why didn't correct Jeb when he said has run 4 president 2X B4~Jeb needs 2B corrected b/c he lied.
Thank you for your wonderful words. We will 
"" Carson has the WORST health plan EVER re: Soc Sec and Medicare.  He wants to abolish Medicare - no way!"
"Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, ""he's my friend!"" Pure political speak. Why can't he be truthful and say ""disloyal guy, no friend!
Also, tune in to the at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and 
I will unveil my first campaign ads on at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! 
Wow! poll just came out.  with 26%! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far! 
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
Isn't it terrible that used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?
  
""  every single real American needs to read  ! Beyond awesome I couldn't be more thrilled
"" Just read  Great book! I haven't felt this enthusiastic about  since 
"" DONALD TRUMP-CRIPPLED AMERICAThe new book by is best seller in the making.
"" Crippled AMERICA is a must read. So right. Great job on another best seller.
"" Republicans in Congress can learn a lot from on dealing with Obama! They should read 
"" Reading Crippled America ....feeling love for our country first, in it's pages. That's why I stand with TRUMP
"" on sending 50 Special Ops Forces troops to Syria: This country needs to be less predictable.”"
"" I can't wait to read your new book! We are supporting you here in Boise Idaho!
"" Shooting promos for  with Cecily and 
"" Sarah Palin Defends Donald Trump's Immigration Plan On Fox News  via
"" The Complete Interview: Getting Things Done  via
"" We finally have a voice with , Let’s do our part , VOTE IN THE PRIMARY 4  
"" This says it ALL. TRUMP 2016. 
"" He is a common sense powerhouse that gets things done! Excellent book! 
""   Rubio wants Common Core for education."
"" DONALD TRUMP FULL INTERVIEW: Fox and Friends (11-03-15)    
"" 
I will be on tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book  and much more!  
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obama’s executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President.      
"" The polls are for the news cycle. Trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust, ""don't doubt me
"" Trump is the only one who can make America great again. Carson's sleepy, Jeb low energy.
"" Your performances in every state have been amazing! 
 is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail.
"" I Trust 's polls They are actually really Fair and really balanced on all their news"" Iowa lead!"
"" been here in line for two hours already. reading book while waiting. I'll see you at noon!
"" Book in hand waiting for The Next President 
"" is the only candidate speaking on the horrible treatment our vets are getting and he has solutions!"
"" 
Join me today, Nov 3rd, in  at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
"" BREAKING: Latest poll of Florida voters shows enormous lead for Trump! He'd beat Hillary!  
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. and at 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America.
"" this interview is great.
"" Rubio is irresponsible on finances and doesn't show up for work! Who would hire him? Not the American People!"
""  Nope. Trump isn't taking 2 weeks off to promote his book. Trump is donating all to charity
"" Great interview. Ranks just above the interview.
"" Read all about the Wollman deal and many other successful deals in ""The Art of the Deal"" by
"" Trump is our last chance to turn this country around 
"" agreed Luisa. WILL WIN! This is what he does!
"" fantastic job with your interview with today!
Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in  I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!
My interview with , at airing at 5PM on 
 used this poll (nobody else did) when I was down—wonder if she’ll use it now that I’m up? 
  Why don’t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
Meet me at and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 11/3 at 12pm! 
Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job
"" ""The MAN with a PLAN! Go Trump! We got your back!  DonaldTrump  
"" Online poll: 'best to handle economy' by far   Very true, thanks!"
""   DONALD TRUMP is the absolute WINNER!! You ""heads"" try to talk around him, WHY, WHY??? Go TRUMP!
 Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy Marco good looking?
Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon.
"" WE ACCEPT THE BEST. We want Trump!
"" I sure in the hell hope so. Trump please make this country great again.
"" It's not so much that Iran made a good deal, it's that Kerry and Obama gave away the store.""  O.K.!"
"" We shouldn't be surprised.No leadership in the White House.Glad will 
"" America needs you to start your 8-year shift a bit early to start fixing this disaster.
""   " We The People want Mr Trump... #   
"" We The People want Mr Trump to be our President!!!  Great pic"
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
"" 9 years from now we will thank President Trump for making us great again!"" Thank you!"
Thank you for the nice, and true, words on  Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12.
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear:  That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in  in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
"Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a ""lightweight""."
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter,
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
"Jeb's new slogan - ""Jeb can fix it"". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word ""fix"" is not a good one to use in politics!"
"Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio  READ THIS: 
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can't win
"" Anyway, for me the most original costume was Donald Trump like President!!!!
"" [First Vote News Video | Mike Tyson Endorses Donald Trump for President] -   Thanks Mike!"
"" And you're still a negative loser and Trump is still a positive winner. I'm Black and proudly voting TRUMP!
"" Trump Leads GOP, Carson Stays Strong, Rubio 3rd: Poll 
"" Watch ""FULL Speech: Donald Trump MASSIVE Rally in Norfolk, VA (10-31-15)"" on YouTube - 
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time , money!
"" MEDIA WANTS A PUPPET.WE WANT DONALD TRUMP TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, LAST CHANCE TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT 
"" Donald Trump Releases Plan to Reform Veterans Affairs - ABC News -  via
"" WATCH: Donald Trump holds rally at USS Wisconsin in Virginia    A great day."
"" Trump:Our educational sys is ranked  in the world-Get rid of  Watch LIVE and CHAT: 
"" WATCH LIVE: Trump talks about treatment of veterans in Norfolk, Va.  
"" The Post's latest on Trump:  From Trump's rally today in Virginia: 
"" This is the most focused Trump stump I've heard - really drilling down on vets issues here in Virginia.
"  John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said ""NO THANKS"" Waste of time , energy!"
Few people know that  is still in business. Tell your writer  Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
""  Another STRONG pro-American position with Dept of Veterans Affairs reform policy.  
"" Floridian here I quit watching debates years ago , most TV except GATOR football until you decided to run for President
"" so true. In all previous debates, no one watched and they were  cancelled
"" saw this and had to share! He wants to be you! Love it!!!! U r his HERO!  So cute!"
""  Agree This is The Only Time  have been More involved in President Elections since Kennedy!!!
"" I wouldn't be watching at all!!! Honestly!
"" you were great in it!!"" Thanks!"
"" no one would have watched the debates if Trump had not  been in them
"" has won all three debates and all that matters is that Trump supporters know that , will vote Trump!"" THANKS!"
"" this coming election is THE MOST IMPOANT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION in my lifetime VOTE FOR TRUMP
"" I wouldn't watch it at all if Mr. trump was not on it. See u on your book signing on 11/3. Trump all the way."
""   Leading big Nationwide in Reuters poll - great!"
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!
Thank you James Freeman of the for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
 
Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy! 
 said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show, on Monday (2:30pm EST).
"" Evangelicals don't like lairs. This Carson Mannatech video and story show be shown in Iowa 
"" surges in Post-debate Poll! Trump puts US 1st and foremost  
"" And its a Glorious Fall Day in Norfolk!! Knock'em dead Donald!"" Thanks!"
"" DO A FLYOVER USS WISCONSIN!""  Cool idea, we will try!"
The Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'
I told you so just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!
I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
"I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as ""SIR""!"
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me 
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
"" So true! Vote and have America greatness back to where it belongs : The United States of America."
"" We need a REAL change. you are the only1who can stand up, 
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!
When candidate John Kasich, on the talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson.
"" Donald Trump: I Think Obama ‘Hates Israel’ 
"" We Support You! And Believe that your America's Hope""  Thanks."
"" Trump Rights Ship on Immigration: Demands Disney Rehire Workers Replaced by Cheap Foreign Labor. 
"" Arizona polls for Democrats only say they would prefer Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton 60%
"" I LOVE watching Donald Trump in action. Free education. Just watch and learn. LOVE IT.  Nice."
""  on his (naked) ""young and carefree"" days and pal Donald Trump   Rod, album is great!"
"" Who had the best Donald Trump Halloween costume--Kelly Ripa, Lara Spencer or Mario Batali? 
"" you are always many steps ahead of the game!"" Thank you."
""  Trump is the closest thing to Gen.Patton that we will ever see again."" Cool!"
""  Republican is 28%, support for Carson is 23%.""  Poll used by last month"
"" Mike Huckabee is a very nice gentleman and yes Donald you raised wonderful children"
"" Mr. Trump do you swear to provide for, protect and care for our soldiers, including Vets?""  YES, YES, YES!"
 Great job on tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
"" Would be AWESOME moderators for next debate   
"" Everyone under 10% in polls should DROP OUT and support TRUMP   Great idea!"
"" DonaldTrump,NAME ONE CANDIDATE WHO CAN MAKE DEALS WITH CHINA ! IF WE DONT BRING JOBS BACK! WERE DEAD 
Happy Birthday to my friend
Via The Political Insider: “Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!”  
Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida  
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
Thank you for explaining to and and so many others that I am leading in almost all national , state polls.
""  Rubio an orator/liar like Obama but totally unqualified. Rubio visa bill did NOT protect American workers. See Disney.
"" ""The only way anybody's gonna beat Trump is being better than he is."" on
Thank you for  the nice words on I will win and Make America Great Again!
Loved doing the debate last night on Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing  How much longer  will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.
My interview on with had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.
Post-Debate via Thank you!  
I was  on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you! 
Join me Tuesday, Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC.  I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!
"" Another WIN! 
"" The One, The Only, Donald Trump, will and can Make America Great Again !  
"" I sleep better at night knowing u will soon be POTUS!  Thank you."
"" I'm not even american and I want to see win! A person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders!
""  Good job Mr. Trump. The way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next US president! 
"" hell of a job
"" People need to wake up Mr. Trump. You are the most qualified person to ever run for President Of The United States. 
"" We need a wall not a Rubio
"" This country needs an unscripted hero like The Donald...  💚""  Thank you."
 Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
Failing host a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
"" you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work!  Thanks."
Via Who won the  
CNBC poll: Trump won     
Thank you! 
"" Dipshit lied debate always being set for 2 hours If not 4 calling out."
"" YES!
"" TRUMP WINS CNBC INSTANT POLL, RUBIO SECOND... DEVELOPING... 
"" Stay strong and get ready for next debate. Great job last night.
"" Once again haters gonna hate...hands down  will always be  
""  Trump good for legal immigration, economy, defense, taxes, Social Security, Medicare, 2nd Amendment, and ALL Americans.
"" DonaldTrump turned a $1 Million loan into $10 Billion. That's like you turning a $1,000 loan into $10 Million. CouldYouDoIt?"
""   Great, thank you!"
Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada.
"" One thing I learned from : ""Sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make"" We will have strong deal makers"
"" by the time you're done everyone will be wearing a Trump tie
"" they should just let you be president already, you're already leading in the polls.
"" keep you're momentum until you win over the White House
"" you have inspired us to 
"" good job for Christie last night.Maybe he will face her 8 yrs from now after
""  IS TRUTH! We want  🚂🇺🇸🎈
Thank you and  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
"" 62% said that won  Debate Vote your stand:   
"" Gravis Marketing Poll leading.   Great!"
The money losing is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
""  came out as a clear winner in the polls yet again! Next  we need max 5 candidates, too many on the stage!"
"" 100% SUPPOERS ARE TRUE BLUE and we are MOTIVATED! 
"" Good Night all supporters. Great night Mr You ROCKED the Rocky Mountains , the Nation tonight!!!
"" The  poll closed with  declared the official winner."
"" showing why he should be our next President. Tremendous Debate. Winning all the post Debate polls."
"" You were very poised and professional at the debate. You looked Presidential tonight. Hit a homerun 
Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd  Thank you! 
Thank you Colorado! An honor to win  Poll. 
Thank you, Jonathan. Greatly appreciated! 
"" Congrats Mr. Trump. You did great tonight. You made us ALL proud :) YES! SAYING IT AGAIN....Trump 
"" GREAT debate, way to go!!
"" WE ALL VOTED FOR YOU TONIGHT AS WINNER OF THE DEBATE.."
Thanks, You're great!
The  poll closed with  declared the official winner. Thank you!  
Thank you!  MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
"Via ""Trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top""-  
"" Love your sense of humor...LOL Your rallies are amazing. We're standing behind you 1000%:)""
  POLL  TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22  CARSON 19.78  RUBIO 9.67....
 Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%! 
"" why only Donald Trump can beat Hillary.     
"" The Liberals are terrified that you'll be the one to go against Hillary."
""   get your polls straight. Trump is going to win. He is the only one tough enough to run this country.
"" is trying to drive down poll numbers to install Carson - who the Establishment GOP will promptly roll. Win Don Win!
Does anybody think that will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
"" I watched the entire rally and Trump was very well received the place was packed.
 can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. is a scam!
 continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it!
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
"" Debate night!  is behind you 5000%  National Lead TRUMP 35.6% CARSON 21.7% 
"" good morning. Easy on each other , finish off the establishment guys. They hope you 2 will fight it out.""True"
""  Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans:  
"" DonaldTrump's and BenCarson's support up since Sept as they head into tomorrow's  
"" 
"" A lot of people I know are voting Trump in NC none have been polled your lead is bigger than anyone can imagine.
"" This Hispanic woman believes Trump has the brains , energy to ""Make America Great Again"".
""  How many MSM outlets will carry a clip of leaving the podium to enter a crowd , listen to the concerns of a VET?"
Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon!  
"" Loved seeing speak to the wounded warrior , his family.He has a caring heart and will take care of our vets"
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: 
Just out, wonderful poll in North Carolina.   
"" At least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in Iowa and not on book tours. TRUMP 2016!
""  composite national poll    
"" WTG, GREAT JOB. U R THE BEST PICK OUT OF ALL OF THE CANDIDATES , OHIO KNOWS THIS 2.THAT IS WHY U R LEADING THERE TOO
I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally).
National GOP Presidential Poll via 35.6%  
Trump's National Lead Increases to 35.6% Going into the Third GOP Debate it's Trump, Carson and Rubio""  ..."
Thank you for the wonderful story.   
New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! 
""   Why not post the other polls where Trump has 40 percent and Carson is in the teens? Strange?
"" I agree hasn't be right about anything in a very long time. Shocking that gives him a platform.
"" I'm voting for too.""  Thanks."
"" Mike Tyson endorses   Thanks Iron Mike, greatly appreciated!"
"" Looking forward to seeing you in Reno Nevada this Thursday! Nevada stands with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!""  Nice."
"" I'm 18 years old from Florida, and just registered to vote. You got my vote in the primaries!"" THANKS."
"" Thanks to for giving great attention to the Town of Atkinson at  w/  
"" There shouldn't be a problem with this election. ""WE THE PEOPLE"" finally have someone that speaks on OUR behalf. TRUMP-2016
"" How is any one taking Carson seriously when he ""suspends"" his presidential campaign for a book signing tour?
Dopey who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and  picks, said last week on that Biden was in.
 Watch my appearance on the from this morning 
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC’s. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
Re Super PAC scam:  What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's , is self-funding.
"" I voted 4 Reagan to make America Great. I will vote 4 to   
"" Good job for badgering Ford. Why didnt POTUS or Hillary care about those UAW jobs in Ohio?
Thank you Virginia! 
"" The more I hear Trump the more I like him!
""  Do you think Hillary, Ben or Jeb could do this?"
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
"" on TODAY moderates town hall, live from New Hampshire.  
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the there, live at 7:00 A.M. New Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't.  
Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!
"" Bush appears to be low on cash may need to do drop out or perhaps get a loan from Hillary."
""  CAPTIVATES CROWDS WITH STIRRING SPEECH  Wow"
"" Donald Trump will be our next President of the United States.
"" TO ALL MY CALIFORNIA TRUMP SUPPOERS! Lets join up and work together on Twitter! Lets do this!!!  !
"" Gentle Ben is no match for Putin or if the truth be told even for Hilary. USA needs a winner.
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!
Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S.
"" Wow,  imagine what he'll do as President. Thanks   FORD LISTENED TO ME, GREAT!"
""  Latest Poll shows Donald Trump winning 70% of Electoral Vote Against Hillary Clinton! 
"" Bad position for Jeb, if his Mommy, Daddy and brother get involved the skeletons come back out of the closet"
"" WAY ahead in all the polls that matter. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
"" OMG! Carson is more LOW KEY than Jeb!! Tried to watch him, but fell asleep! 
""  We R here FIGHTING for you DJT! You are the only person who can  
"" Mitt Romney finally takes the credit he deserves... for   . 
"" this Mexican here loves you man!! Keep doing your thing   Great!"
"" # TRUMP is Unstoppable 🚀 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸""  Thank you."
"" needs to drop out your, hurting the republican cause . is our choice
"" Florida Loves Trump !!! We had a ball in Jacksonville Saturday! 🚂☁🇺🇸🇺🇸
  Great numbers from Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you! 
Do you believe that is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
 Poll - WOW!  New Hampshire  TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%  South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%
Watch my interview on Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media won't report!
""  Carson is not a nice guy. He knows his SuperPAC throws Mud on Trump 24/7 
""  rightly denounces Super PAC-driven campaign $ system. Another example of how DC deserves this guy"" Great!"
"" Trump is the smartest of all. My comment is non partisan. I heard everybody n im on Trump side.
"" Your a gentlemen Ben but not our next President, 
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on
Watch at 9:00 A.M. Then interviewed on at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation.
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, it's what I do.
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
A big POLL will be announced this morning on  Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it
"" AUSTRALIA SUPPOS DONALD TRUMP. Please immigrate to Australia and make Aussie great as well."" Cute!"
"" 20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016   Wow, so nice!"
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
"" Doug Ross @ Journal: AWESOME: Donald Trump Blessed by Black, White Pastors and Rabbis  via
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on Enjoy!
""   Can ANY Democrat or Republican fix this country except Trump? NOT A CHANCE!!  
"" Trump has figured out Jeb Bush's greatest weakness as a candidate, and it's not his energy level 
"" Trumpachusetts: Donald Trump Tops Poll of Bay State Voters:  AC360""  Thanks, great news"
"" Donald Trump is the only person that can make this country great again I fully agree!"
"" They ALL Want Jobs and a Bright Future. They KNOW Donald Trump is the one and only choice to make that A REALITY!"
"" Donald Trump Leads in Expectations, Shows Strength on Attributes (POLL) - ABC News -  via
"" has no money, he’s meeting today with mommy and daddy, and they’re working on his campaign."" 
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?
"" 20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016  via  A.J., thank you, soooo nice!"
"" Democrats seem to be more interested in Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton."
"" TRUMP: JEB BUSH HAS NO MONEY, HE'S MEETING WITH MOMMY AND DADDY- CAN'T RUN HIS OWN CAMPAIGN 
 is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
 had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands, and they had real passion! 
 is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign , not enough talking about America's future.
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! 
I will be doing the live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. 
Will be doing a sit down interview with  on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at in Miami. 
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"" Donald Trump to host ""Saturday Night Live""  
"" YouGov National Poll  Donald Trump Continues To Dominate Field With All Demographics. The Last Refuge 
"" A surprising number of Republicans think Donald Trump is their best hope in 2016 
"" Hillary Clinton is a deceitful career politician, Donald Trump is a no-nonsense billionaire businesses man...pick one..
"" Never thought I’d Say...Donald Trump is a Giant Among Gop front runners‼️ cruz=devil  rubio=RAGE AGAINST WOMEN carson=JUST TELL ME WHY"
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!
So nice of greatly appreciated! 
Remember, official campaign merchandise (hats, apparel etc.) can only be bought at  Be careful, don't get ripped-off
"" Can't wait for you to take the White House. Our country will once again be strong! 👍 Sorry JebBush, but you got no chance!
""  Trump blows them all away! He's our next president! 
"" Donald Trump Hands ‘Fox News Sunday’ Its Biggest  In 6 Years   Great!"
"" For Donald Trump, South Florida makes it rain — dollars, that is   Very nice"
"" Thanks for standing for Vets Take care of those that give so much
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
Joe, thanks for not running! 
"" Hillary is doing a HORRIBLE job at  reading from the script.  . She is no leader
 who interviewed me on Sunday, had his highest ratings since Feb of '09. Congratulations!  
Trump Nears 100 days on Top"" via The Hill 
"" people are for you  keep up the good work and we will win this and 
"" WOW! The More Opponents Push The Higher The  Reach! Keep Pushing DEMS And Jealous GOPs! 
Can u believe that Jeb Bush’s campaign manager is in Berlin, Germany looking for money? What’s he giving to Germany? 
""  I can promise you the only reason I watched the democrat's debate is because of
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him , his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. (Old Post Office) 
 was just voted the  hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Traveler’s prestigious Reader’s Choice Awards  
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
"" Rasmussen: now beats 38%-36% nationally  
I will be interviewed on Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll  N.H.  TRUMP 28 (up 10)  CARSON 16  BUSH 9  RUBIO 6  CRUZ 5  Press will say they are surging!
 at 7:00 A.M.
""   Never been so excited about voting for a candidate since I voted for Reagan
"" Donald Trump still dominating all polls, debate, cable news, gossip...everything. The GOP nomination is his, he rarely loses!"
"" You were so much better than Jeb on Hannity. So Great and presidential. I'm happy this was discussed.
"" I have never loved a candidate as much as I love I can't wait for him to make America great again!"" Nice!"
"" well said. We the people want the truth. We the people want to make America great again.
""  There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz he's the real thing, not a politician
"" first time I can ever vote and you've got mine! I want to make America great again!!!""  FANTASTIC!"
"" We are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in Burlington,  Iowa tomorrow!   See you there!"
"" The establishment can try all they want to keep from winning. They are not stronger than we the people!!
"" Donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for America!"
"" Your opponents have no idea what they're dealing with. Sun Tzu would be very proud. You are a tactical genius. 
 you were GREAT on tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
I will be interviewed on Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
"" Trump is the only candidate that I've ever been excited about 
""  Now they are All saying Donald really Could Be President! I Knew This from Start! We ALL must work together!
 at 10:00.
"" Our new President will provide something we've never had before.  even if it hurts.  
""   hits his highest poll number yet,   make small gains 
"" Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Support of Trump""  I love the VETS."
  Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
I will be interviewed on tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
"" no magic just cut off USA aid money to Mex until cost is recovered.Simple really"
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!
Donald Trump tops Franklin-Pierce/Herald poll at 28 percent in N.H.""  
Lots of great new polls--big leads!            
I will be on tonight at 10 PM 
Bill Clinton wants to  
"" Many Hispanics agree with on enforcing the border Trump for President 
"" Since late July 2015, DJT consistently been the front-runner in public opinion polls for the Republican Party nomination."
"" Had to join Twitter for the first time just to support Donald . TRUMP 2016"" Great!"
"" I think America had enough of the faking and is ready for someone REAL just look at
"" Great job you slayed Mr. Sanchez with the  thx 4 defending 
Tonight's official count--7,943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks!  
See, the attack  very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision. 
"Via ""Under Fire From Donald Trump, Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses""
Interesting reading re September 11th 
NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW! 
Bruce Willis wearing my hat on last Friday- 
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher , sharper
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
"" Our passion for is amazing! 
""  HISPANICS UNITED TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN  
"" why would I watch ANYONE who trusted THIS GUY with nuclear codes? 
"" Hey , FLASHBACK: Jeb Bush Admitted ‘Leaky’ Immigration Led to 9/11    WOW!"
"" We finally have a voice with   
"" i don't care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED
"" Link of the day! Most popular link among people I follow is  by
"" The problem is was a weak establishment candidate who couldn't even turn out the base. Weak at best!
""  why does Fox even talk to Will? He is clueless and doesn't represent what our party is about.
""  Been boycotting her since 1st debate Mr. Trump and so have plenty of other decent people. Ratings R going down😃"
""   George is full of Crap SC Element TV's Are CHINESE MADE.  WHAT A LIAR!!
"" Good interview with Chris! Chris even gave you a thumbs up for POTUS
"" The Definition of a Pretentious Establishment Henchman is . He is such a sourpuss, HATES
"Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way and her puppets unfairly treat ""us"" is don't watch her show!"
"" So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!
"" I'm watching it again right now in California
"" Can't wait for to jump on the TRUMP Train as Chris Wallace just did!""  Won't happen!"
"" We want Donald !! Yah next president!    We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"" Great interview!""  Thanks"
"" A must see. Trump is brilliant. as usual !!!!   
""  Pampered who never had a real job has no problem w/USA losin jobs 2 foreign countries
"" It was Excellent interview sir. May watch it again.  Trump 2016
""  Sir. Chris Wallace believes that you can be elected president.Great Great news for America! 
"" THANK YOU for speaking out against Common Core and how horrible it is for kids!
"" Again SNL (10/17) exposes CarlyFiorina as failed CEO, an unwanted Senatorial candidate, , GOD forbid next Prez 
"" So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!""  Thank you."
"" we were attacked on ur brothers watch. That's not safe. I have respect 4 GW but truth is no WMD in Iraq , 911"
"" The TV's made in SC are Element Electronics Come on guys. is right 
"" is correct u can't allow 1 woman 2 fain luv of house 2 get more $$$ holding up huge  of jobs.
"" Chris this is awesome what an interview. Go donald
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on  at 6:00 P.M.
"" I believe can make AMERICA GREAT again    Thank you!"
"" Jeb is no conservative in my book. Common core is a disaster.
"" Quit Jeb Quit. Your poll is even lower than your apprentice Rubio.
"" Can't Stump the Trump
"" Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America  
""  GW Bush was open borders like TERRORISTS CAN COME ACROSS MEXICAN BORDER AT WILL!
"" An Incredibly Strong Interview Of Good Response  IC Those NaySayers dissapating!
"" Couldn't have said it, better... Nothing ""fake"" about you, sir.
"" Dude, 's tactics are just on a level we've never seen before. 
"" Read this DJT full-p ad from 1989 and tell me DonaldTrump is a Johnny-Come-Lately ""fake"" conservative: 
"" right. Trump on 9/11 happening on Bush's watch: With my immigration policy, I doubt those ppl wld have been in the country"
"Just reported by CNN that ""the Trump halo effect""  caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!"
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
"" LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!
"" LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street journal!!!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on Big statement made by Chris!
"" I don't think will cave. They've seen ratings soar with and Money matters!
"" Trump wins, hands down:  Jeb is weak, Rubio is broke.
"" Get a life George Will. USA doesn't make anything anymore. TRUMP will bring manufacturing Back to USA!
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
"" never thought I'd say this but sparking a critical conversation on reality that Bush didn't keep US safe"
"" One of the best interviews I have seen!"" 
"" Joe have U resigned to the inevitable? Take UR seat on the 
""  Chris Wallace: ""After my interview and listening to his answers, I think Donald Trump could be President"
"" Of course they're going up! Trump is going to WIN this!!   Thanks."
"" is what we need to fix this mess!  Im only 11 but my parents are voting for Trump!
""  just admitted DonaldTrump will probably be the Republican nominee! 
"Does everyone remember   and his famous remarks about ""self-deportation"" and ""47%"". He was done. I don't need his angry advice!"
 and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
"  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible ""choke"" loss to Obama!"
"" Loving interview.   Thank you."

Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!
On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location)  on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
"" Donald Trump is so far ahead in two key state polls.     Thanks Clayton"
Amazing! Thank you! 
"" Some of you already know. I have made the Jump to Trump. Donald Trump is the man that will win the GOP.
"" I was with you in Tyngsboro, Ma. last night! You WILL be our next President!!!"" What a fantastic evening!"
"" Jeb and Marco OWE IT to their contributors to admit they have NO CHANCE of winning, and figure out how to PAY BACK everyone
"" At happy hour tonight in Charleston, SC, everyone at the bar said they were supporting Donald Trump. Thanks!"
"Will be interviewed on ""Media Buzz"" with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M."
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
"" Jeb supports open borders-common core- Visa H-IB Visa's for illegals. Super PAC Saudis."
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
"" NYPost ""gets it"", you talk like a New Yorker. My Dad is a Democrat Long-Islander, he ""gets it"" too, and you've got his vote
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!
Via Business Insider: Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing- 
Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Experts Say- 
 is on the front page of the waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people – no pic!
Thank you for your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond. 
 you did a fantastic job tonight on Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
""  Thank You Police Force for your efforts of Protecting Donald Trump We Love You For This, God Bless You!!!
 like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! 
No you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
"" I've never seen a candidate as dominant in early states as   
 the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice , did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! 
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner. 
"Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing Magazine, ""Sloppy"" Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon?"
A great new poll-33%! 
Nice story from 
  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
"" Hahahahahahaha...love it!     Choo choo...all aboard! :) 
""  You GOPe supporters wrong again on Trump, give it up. Get on the Trump train. GREAT NEWS"
""  Totally agree! Great Father with a great family - winning combination at life.""Thanks"
""  Well, is an establishment hack big government RINO whose only hope is - That's sad, eh!?
"" the truth prevails when it is so obvious. is a force that is unstoppable
"" Matt will vote for Trump i just know he will !
"" Grt interview, I'm telling ya, children r going 2 b a HUGE asset 2 him , his campaign"
 was FANTASTIC on this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
 has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
"" Karl Rove still thinks Romney won. Why is he still on TV?
"" Did you also hear Megyn say ""Carson is the front-runner ...according so some polls ..tied in other polls"" OUTRIGHT LIE!""  Hatred!"
"" Donald, Megyn Kelly seeks ratings, not truth Not much of a journalist. Stay focused , make your own narrative. It's working
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch
 is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt , Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
"" hope you win it all . Time for a change !!
"" is what we millennials need. I used to support that socialist from VT, what a mistake.
""  is in the tank for Bush we are tired of the establishment
"" Has lived the American dream and has inspired MILLIONS! He will  for ALL of us."
"" .Met a few years back. DonaldTrump is wise to enlist his daughter's help. She's a throughly impressive person.
Will be on tomorrow with Enjoy!
Why is the being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring 
 is pushing the around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
The should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
 joined , was asked about his thoughts on  Thanks Kevin--so nice!
A great day in New Jersey for Trump!  , 
Signing my tax return.... 
I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview.   
Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy!  
"" with another great speech today with another huge crowd!!!!! We love you Trump!!!! 
Just did Will be back on at 11pm on
"" is ""in it to win it"".
"" I swear, Donald is getting better, bolder, brasher, and more kick ass with every event/intvw he does! HE WILL WIN!"
""   I have thousands of Hispanics working for me , they like me very much. 
CNN Poll just out on South Carolina – great  
 did an excellent job of hosting the  last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for Nevada—WOW! Trump 38, Carson 22, Fiorina 8, Bush 6, Cruz 4  
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyler’s song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the “B” team. She won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
We need a strong leader- and fast! 
 was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
The latest book on Hillary—Wow, a really tough one!  
"" Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!
"" Thank goodness  is over. Not impressed... TRUMP2016!!! 
"" sucess of Mr Trump is another success of america 2015
"" I cannot wait to see you debate these clowns    
"" they make Jeb Bush look like the energizer bunny  
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
"" 100,000 people watching tonight for real change. THAT WOULD BE TRUMP 2016. Checking out the clown competition"
"" OMalley destroyed Maryland..  True, he was a disaster."
"" watching OAN great speech calling out super pacs and media in Norcross, GA
"" Thank you for ALWAYS REMEMBERING America's veterans!
"" These 5 make look like Winston Churchill   Cute!"
"" his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstanding""  Thanks."
"" After poor performance, waffling in debates, should support
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS 
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
"" I can't wait for to debate one of these clowns! All are so weak!"
"" The only winner of the  is  This is not a great debate - a little sad!"
"" isn't on the stage, turning this garbage off"
"" How amazing is it that the  trending topic is talking about the  than the debate itself"
"" Why did Hillary get to skate past the ""Do Black Lives Matter""  Anderson let her off hook!"
"" I want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
Good move by Bernie S.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
"" I couldn't even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the debated any one of these five jabronis
"" Yada yada...It's a bore fest... Best part of this is Trumps tweets!   Thanks."
"" I joined Twitter tonight just to hear Mr.Trump tweet about this silly debate."
"" Webb is trying to be and its not working.""  He is not doing well!"
"" This is one of the most dysfunctional debates I've seen in my lifetime.
"" I love that NO group can buy
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? 
"" we need Donald Trump to make America great again !!!""   Thanks!"
"" I cannot stop yawning...Twitter is more interesting. 
"" Support the NRA more then ever, needs to back who wants to protect 2nd amendment!"
"" not watching debate....just your tweets""  Nice!"
"" why is Webb there??
"" Joined twitter tonight JUST to follow along with and  Lets make America great again! 
"" Sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works. Scary!"
"" I think and are supposed to be on this stage
"" On our 25th anniversary my husband and I are happily staying in to watch  and read comments."
"" These cats are like bad used car salesmen.
"" Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow!  
"" if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching
"" I miss 
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
"" Make America Great Again!! Would not even watch Dem debate except Donald is tweeting about it!"
""  was right... is boring 😴💤 these ppl are so scripted""  So far!"
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! 
"" imagine Chafey standing up to Putin
"" Webb is OUT!!""  Bad opening!  
"" Good luck commenting on this snooze fest, I'm out.
"" I have the  on CNN, but pay attention more to my phone, does it still count as me watching it?"
"" I'm watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading Trump's Tweets. Grab the popcorn
"" where are you? I'm already getting bored and it hasn't even started 
"" My tv is off, twitter is up, waiting for the real show, starring   
""   The interview tomorrow on will have better ratings than the  
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
"" We need Trump Now!!!""  Make America Great Again!"
"" following Donald is beautiful. If it's not beautiful it's not Donald"" So nice!"
"" they need to take the debate slow, a lot of low energy on the stage tonight."" I hope not!"
"" The Hillary love fest on CNN is ridiculous. I feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones.
"" I'd rather see be the debate moderator!
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
"" Will be tough as they were with ?  No way, they will want to be soooo nice!"
""  will be live-tweeting the   via 
"" can't wait for his insightful , intelligent tweets."" You sound like a very smart person!"
""  If wins Barry Diller will move out of country. Sounds like a win, win.
Live from New York- November 7th! 
It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th --  look forward to it! 
Exclusive--Davi: Trump, The Lion We Need""  
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in NH?
So nice, thank you very much.  
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. 
"Very honored: ""Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds""     
"" I can't wait for live tweets during Dem debate tonight. Won't watch debate but will watch Trump's Twitter
"" can't wait for his insightful , intelligent tweets.""  Will be so much better than CNN!"
"" Will be tough as they were with ? Not sure.. No way, they will be very gentle!"
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA , CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
""  Surely you read reports that woman at no labels event was a pol. operative?
"" That feminist who called out Trump last night? She's a Jeb intern.   Jeb always gets caught, sad!"
"" Get the popcorn, Donald Trump plans to live-tweet the   
"" Dan Rather: Donald Trump Could Be Our Next President   I agree - thanks Dan!"
Someone should inform that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
"" Sorry link above not working. Here's good link   and Jeb - apologize!"
"" California Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill allowing illegals right to VOTE using drivers lic.ID.
""  Sickening attempt. I hope  jumps another 10 points.  
""  ""You Can't Stump the Trump""  
"" You are looking , sounding more Presidential everyday. The country is ready for you to 
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
"" Syrian Muslims escorted into U.S. through Mexico. Now arriving to Oklahoma and Kansas! Congress?
"" Great Fox interview"" 
"" time we had a businessman in the WH,who can bring back jobs to America and restore the middle class"
"" Another great interview. You were point on .... As good as it gets!""  Thanks!"
"" That young girl asking if she'll have control over her own body looked like she was planted there! 
"" Looking forward to a great interview with a great interviewee and a great interviewer!"
Will be interviewed by on at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Thank you. 
Via RealClear Politics  
"" doing a great job in New Hampshire today ! 
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on  last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
""  praises ""good guy"" Trump and his ""upstanding"" and ""grounded"" kids  
""  was calling out Paul Ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011   So true!"
"" Tuesday's Democratic debate is missing just one thing: Donald Trump.""  True, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?"
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
"" They used to call Barry Diller the father of ""e-commerce""-what a joke that was - and that he is. 100%clueless on Internet
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
"Via Breitbart - ""Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia""
With the fantastic ratings last weekend, , I think it’s only fair that I go on w/ Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on with tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with on  will air tomorrow on at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
 with had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon.  
 just informed us that my interview last week on was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
"" People are writing tribute songs for Donald Trump   Thanks to all of these great songwriters. Get rich!"
"" She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST supporters BAR NONE! 
""  biggest Hispanic fan: ""He’s my perfect man""    A great woman!"
"" Go President Trump! Many Canadians up here are behind you... totally! 
""   The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!
"" Please don't ever give up. This country is in such a mess and needs a non-politician to fix it. 
"" Trump keep fighting the fight for America, we got your back. The future is looking bright. THE TRUMP REVOLUTION"
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch on CBS ,  -- both on Sunday.
Good luck to the US Men’s National Team in tomorrow’s CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico!  It should be a great game!  
New Gravis Poll in NH just out:  Trump 32%, Carson 13%  
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas 
"" Keep the faith. Elect and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals.
"" With this month's 224-page book Crippled America, Trump has most specific policy agenda of any candidate..
Thank you. 
""  MSM cut off intro of Trump in LV where we were told he just gave $20 million to St. Jude's Charity  ..."
"" I'm Hispanic , has my vote! And a lot of other Hispanics here in the Borderland! 
"" yeah, you're really wearing out your welcome.  Who's dominating the polls? YOU!!! Go Trump!
True. Thanks.  
Thanks. 
""  Trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from Democrat to Republican??
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrow—here’s the info:  Hope to see you there! 
I will be interviewed on Sunday 10AM on CBS. is a true pro!
""   the book to read is Time to get Tough making America great again."" Thanks."
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.  
Good luck! Enjoy. 
""  on ""There is nothing Trump does that doesn't work for him.
"" Thank you for taking on the   Establishment.They don't know what to do, do they?
""  you were fantastic yesterday in Las Vegas - a great event. Passionate people. Keep it up!  Thx"
Will be interviewed on at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
 ran into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to and good luck in the future!
 is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast.
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada! 
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them! 
Thank you! 
"" rocks it everywhere he goes"" Thanks."
Thanks. 
Website Exposing Marco ‘Amnesty’ Rubio Goes Live: A ‘Donor Class Puppet’? - Breitbart    
'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian   
This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America""  via Bloomberg Politics  
"" Wow 5000+ in Line in Las Vegas For our Next President of these United States Mr !
"" we know this and that's why you will be our next President""  Thank you."
"" No one else brings the passion, conviction, experience that you have. Your message is resonating w America! I'm excited.
"" WHEN IS TRUMP COMING TO FLORIDA? CAN'T WAIT.GO TRUMP! . FL FOR TRUMP"
"" I haven't missed a speech or interview. Love hearing you speak for ME!   
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  It's not going to happen with anyone else.
"" I would like to nominate for Speaker of the House"" What a great idea, she is a total winner! (Nice)"
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job!
  
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
I hear is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers , ratings are way down , he has become irrelevant—glad I didn’t do his show.
Wacky who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
"" YES!!!!!!!!!! AMERICA NEEDS FOR PRESIDENT!!! CAN'T WAIT FOR AMERICA TO BE GREAT AGAIN!!!!
""  This is the size crowd you get when people care what you say -Trump in Oklahoma . Got even bigger 
"" I truly believe you are the best   Thank you so much!"
"" Donald Trump, our next president of the United States!   Thank you."
"" Pay him, just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide.
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"" And he's still a consultant? For what?""  Only a fool would pay Stuart for his advice."
"" tired of FOX bashing Trump , pushing GOP establish / Christie/Rubio/Bush
"" On the bright side Romney's loss gave us Donald Trump!""  So true!"
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
 made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
 has no power,  but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
""  Don't worry. Trump will put it back when he is Pres !
"" NEW- 10/6/15 REUTERS IPSOS POLL DONALD TRUMP CONTINUES TO DOMINATE! OVER 37%!!  
"" The ONLY hope for America to break from the single Party Establishment is to Vote for 
"" we need a Real LEADER to LEAD. Let's make America great again! VOTE TRUMP 2016
"" Trump is talking about highways, huge building projects - not as Steve Hayes said - small fry.
"" At least came to her senses  
""  Just In! 10/6/15 Morning Poll Trump +18% Trump 31 Carson 13 Rubio 10 Bush 7 Fiorina 6
"" Your Doing GREAT!""  Thanks."
"" Why are you even on tv? U sound like nails on a chalkboard. Biased against Trump.  So true!"
"" pundits love to take a snippet, out of context, from something DonaldTrump says, and then weave a blanket of bullshit around it"
"" DonaldTrump GOD voters are NOT getting tired of Trump! He's winning over others too 
Tune in to see me on with at 10am ET. Enjoy!
""  He did give tremendous praise for you this morning on Keep it up!Make America Great Again!
"" TRUMP FOR ""PRESIDENT"" YOU HAVE MY VOTE.""  GREAT."
"" Guess Barry Diller is afraid is about to upset the crony applecart.  An angry fool!"
"" My 2016 Vote will B based on  NOT Eminent Domain●Americans need 2Prioritize   
"" was great! is jealous that Trump didn't mention him. It's because SH is so wrong!"
"" I enjoy every speech IN ITS ENTIRETY NOBODY's going 2 tell me what our NEXT PRESIDENT says but HIM."
I will be on with tonight at 6PM. 
Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump"" via Washington Examiner  
Crooked has given up advertising in Iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars—I said no—total frauds!
  Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
"" You have my vote
"" great interview Trump!
"" is fired up on So are your supporters!! 
"" Trump Shuts down Cuomo. ""I am not getting out."" I am going to win. Cuomo tries sleazy tricks . Epic Fail. Unprofessional.
"" TRUMP EVEN SHARPER THAN LAST WEEK!!YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL...
"" Great job Mr Trump,,,Kept em on topic,, Got your message though.
"" Great interview on  
"" That was awesome, boss! 
"" seriously Cuomo hates DonaldTrump he was a pathetic interviewer AS USUAL! Please don't go anywhere Mr Trump AMERICA NEEDS YOU
"" Pew poll: holds commanding lead 
"" wow, did Trump kick ass with Cuomo! You are the man, Mr. Trump, certainly not the lamb chop, Rubio.
"" My choice just finished a great interview on CNN. Pathetic questions from Cuomo but Trump cleared the air.
"" Stop interrupting Trump..Please..He is CORRECT ON EVERYTHING..
"" Funny. The Donald living rent-free in lil Marco's head
""  Trump talked about this weeks ago as a possibility .... this is not Rubio's idea
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"" . Mark Levin interview was great
"" Love fest for DonaldTrump on just now. Top 5 talk radio audience in country. Great being on the show with Mark!"
"" media is confused they bash trump he rises in polls!
"" 9 million MORE out of work because of this BAD DEAL.Will have over 100 MILLION out of work. Nice going Obama
"" - don't let the media , the elites push you out- Americans are with you!"" Thanks, I won't!"
"" will 
"" TRUTH .Just like Perry, Walker, Bush .. all y'all who go after WILL FAIL 💯 
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"" “If Donald Trump puts his name on X, it will sell for 3.7 times more than it would otherwise.”  Nice!"
I will be on with tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on Enjoy!
"" ""We're pleased to announce that Donald Trump has just accepted our invitation for a town hall.""   So true!"
"" HEADLINES: Donald Trump maintains huge lead on opponents as polls go  
"" Donald Trump will be on my show tonight at 8:30 PM eastern time."" Will be my great honor, so much to talk about!"
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
  
For all of my fantastic  supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
"" I cannot believe the increase in illegals here in San Antonio Texas. We are the minority constantly discriminated against"
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
"" When are you coming to  Very soon!"
"" DonaldTrump is right. And sadly Christians were treated better under Hussein , Gaddafi than ISIS. 
"" Clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99% of people would be in jail for what she did"
"" You said it best! 
"" WATCH Fires Up the Crowd in Franklin, Tennessee  via
"" Hollywood doesn't get to pick our presidents we the people do!! GO TRUMP!👍👍
Will be interviewed by on at 10:30 A.M.
Will be interviewed by on    at 10:00 A.M.
"" ILLEGAL ALIENS FOUND GUILTY OF MURDERING BORDER PATROL AGENT  
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
""  " i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP... #  
""  Will be interviewed on at 8:30. #  
"" ends speech in Franklin, Tennessee w/ Thank You I Love You All!! We love you 2 
"" i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP in MAY and NOVEMBER""  Thanks."
"" This morning on - sit down with in his NYC Campaign HQ  
"" Okay okay was right: LaGuardia Airport is a total dump. Like really, really bad.
"" Great Job Donald!!! Can't waite for you to be President and neither can America!!
"" 
""  FYI  appeal grows!
"" Watched the roast of You took those jokes like a champ, what a good sport! Im voting for you now""  Great."
"" I am Hispanic and will vote for
"" Thank you for the great  this week!!!
"" Please don't roll over . You are this country's last hope and our kids need you. Don't lose this deal !
"" The more the Progressives , RINO's poke at the DonaldTrump the stronger he gets and more REAL PEOPLE like him!
""  plays a way better fake than a real plays herself
"" If becomes we will finally have a Hall of Famer as President.
"" It's funny how they say doesn't give specifics but he's the only one who put out more than 2 policies."
"" I think I just heard ratings go up another 5%  
Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon! 
"Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they ""love"" each other.They don't - word is hate!"
"Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last ""establishment"" man standing against me.Great"
"" I like gutsy brave guys like   , I hate all those bloody hypocrites Thank you."
"" Can't wait for to be the next pres.  
Thank you for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
"" Overwhelming wins by in primaries will prove what will happen (landslide) in the general election."
"" Going to see tomorrow in franklin TN 
"" DonaldTrump your kicking everyone's ASS! always believed in this Country ! your going to make America Great Again ! Mr President!"
"" great numbers   Thanks."
"" Melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with Class and Dignity 
"" It'd be humorous to cull tweets from ""experts"" over past few mos who have predicted Trump's immediate collapse
"" Trump's big lead in a new poll and whether Jeb's ""stuff happens"" was taken out of context with tonight"" Thanks H!"
""  Jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot 
"" You will be the next president of the USA!! Thank you Mr Trump. Sincerely the middle class!!
"" Megan Kelly admitted Trump was leading by a lot!! That talk with Ailes must have worked... Time to get tough. TRUMP 2016
""   " Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters...  #   
"" Don't slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Don't leave us with Jeb!
"" Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters Show Donald Trump Surging With 34 - 35% Support...  via"
"" P. Diddy is a fan of Donald Trump:  
"" Donald Trump Leads by 9 Points in Pew Poll – Jeb Bush in Free Fall  
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging in upstate, New York. 
Congratulations to my brother Robert , Ann Marie on the success of in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!
"" Pastor Robert Jeffres accurately gushes about Donald Trump  Pastor Jeffres is a great guy!"
"" Why Buffalo Bills could be responsible for Donald Trump becoming president  Team has a great owner!"
"" Virginians stand with you sir!   
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
"" we love trump
"" I enjoyed interview with on Need more interviews like that."" Thanks."
"" Mr Trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! Obama is destroying the US!
"" The HUGE DonaldTrump faith-based story runs tomorrow (Friday) on channel at 10am ET.
"" GO TRUMP, OUR GUY
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
""  IF ran more like and less like McCain, he would've won. Failed campaign tactics."
I will be interviewed on tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!
"" No body knows foreign policy any better than Trump. Vote ""T
"" CNBC's John Harwood Today ""We don't have Superman presidents"" ""No"" DonaldTrump replied ..""But we WILL if you have Trump!"" 
"" The truth about Romney...he didn't want the presidency bad enough!""  He choked!"
""  Like always you are telling the truth.I liked Romney and voted for him but he didn't fight hard enough."" True!"
"" How can Illinois keep off the ballot? Illinois citizens should protest. Just another phony Politico story. Easy!"
""  it's sad, but GOP does not want you as their candidate. But we the people do. Latinos for Trump.
 is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've won—he choked!
Thanks. 
"" was right. wont last. Even Paul knew it. Thats why he's still running for his Senate seat  
"" Latest finds at 37 percent approval, leading GOP in 
"" Rand Paul put the nail in his coffin when he bashed Ted Cruz. Bye, bye Rand!
"" It's hard to get through corrupt media filter but Trump is doing it. Check out 9/30/15 int'view 
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
"" is pulling away from the pack. I live in Iowa. It's real."" Thank you!"
"" congratulations Don that was a great interview
""  Great interview on   
"" great interview with Thank you."
"" How can anyone vote for Hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security. She is not to be trusted.
"" Univision execs are hypocrites.They dish out the most discrimination. You should highlight that point.
"" I just watched D Trumps interview on i get more impressed everytime i hear him speak! 
Trump’s Tax Plan: A Proposal Reagan Would Approve?"" by Jeff Bell  
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 10PM.
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate. 
Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root. 
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy! 
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents , is totally controlled!
Highly respected economist is a big fan of my tax plan—thank you Larry. 
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
"" who ever thinks Donald trump is a bad person u just don't want a good country"" Thank you."
"Just read that ""Trump"" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!"
I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
Great! 
"Carl Icahn said this about me:  ""I think at this moment in time, he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems.
Definitely watch ‘s ‘Danger Ahead’. Very insightful, particularly on how corp inversions hurt America: 
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
"" MAN WITH A PLAN-THE BEST TAX PLAN! GO TRUMP 2016!
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow, the ratings for last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energy""  by Wayne Allyn Root. 
Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate  
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!
Will be doing with tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
Thanks.  
""  First time in my life I wish I was an American citizen so I could vote for !!
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan-  
LIVE on  Tax Plan Press Conference  
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at
"" notice how your twits about are the most !  We the American ppl love and want  !
"" watched 60 mins first time ever. Love Trump hate Scotty
"" Thats exactly what I thought. We haven't had great leader since Reagan,now Trump
"" All Scott Pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be Trump.
"" Haven't seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the 1st debate. 
"" When asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls - replies: ""It's cheaper than wall paper..."" Ha!"
"" Trump went way up in my 'poll' when he said he'd take money from what US is giving 2 other countries 2 save social security
""  EXCELLENT WATCHING PUTIN'S BRILLIANCE AND TRUMP'S. I LOVED THE INTERVIEWS.
"" . announces his tax plan tomorrow morning 
"" While the former KGB Putin gets softballs, Trump gets the Matt Harvey fastball and hits it out of the park.
""  Great interview,Trump ruled. Great response 2 Trade War claim. All anyone has 2 do is look at foreign tariffs"
"" Imagine that, an American president standing up for the American people! Go Trump Go! 
"" Been watching!!! Brilliant Mr. Trump, he is so Awesome!! And real.
Hope we all enjoy  tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
"" Time for real change, TRUMP 16
"" Trump will win, I know it.
"" we are tired of lies. Trump 2016
"" Ex-wife Ivana Trump says can win, likely WILL win, and will be a great President. 
"" Mr Trump Please Do not give in.You are Changing History. We Need you as our Next Leader, Its Your Time
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
""  Fiorina is not surging..she is begging for money..and she owns this. 
"" Look forward to it, Donald. You are doing Great! Please keep up the fight, many of us are behind you 100%!!"
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!
"" I will be on this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
""  Think about it. When's the last time a Prez actually did what he said? TRUMP does what he says. Will Be Greatest Prez Ever
An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at... 
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
I will be on this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
" ""The Donald Trump Ratings Bump: Who's Benefiting Most?"" 
 Trump on Boehner resignation: 'It's a good thing' 
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill!
 is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Dishonest just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, , Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
At the Old Post Office- 
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
""  Waiting for the biased media to write about the 30,000 Carly fired as a failed CEO. America is for Trump!
 the   poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
"" They attack Trump for not giving policy  is the most important detail, he WINS.
""  WHAT THE LOBBYISTS, THE MEDIA AND CAREER POLITICIANS WILL DO NEXT TO TRY TO STOP TRUMP? SILENT MAJORITY IS BACK
Just watched on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
"" WHEN THE OTHER CANDIDATES ARE TALKING POLITICS TRUMP IS TALKING SOLUTIONS. HE IS THE MOST TALENTED CANDIDATE.
Wow, a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll! 
The failing news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!
 which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
Dishonest reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward... 
Bloomberg: Trump leads GOP field 
Despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
New Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big 
So happy about my daughter announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
Will be on at 6:30 A.M.
Will be on at 7:00 A.M.
 owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
Incompetent lost it tonight on He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to 
 has been treating me very unfairly , I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed. 
"Headline reads"" Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll"" -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3%"
  Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
""  still cannot figure out this massive base of support for Trump is because he is anti- politician. 
I will be doing at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy! 
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of  this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
"I think should take another eleven day ""unscheduled"" vacation."
Do you ever notice that lightweight constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally  sexist. She is highly overrated!
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
"Senator Marco ""amnesty"" Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION"
I will be on the tonight at 11:30 
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. 
"Morning Consult poll: ""Trump Leads""  
2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate
"" I steer away from Fox now. Never thought that would happen.
"" Have you listened to his plans for Vets when he takes office? They're Incredible!!
""  Trump is the only candidate telling the truth... the GOP is planning to stab Trump in the back... 
"" will you cry when Marco Amnesty loses nomination?
""   would be the best for the country, jobs, trade and taxes - all others are status quo 
"" is the only one who can get us out of this mess!""  True!"
"" Fox has become a supporter of Liberals!They are Not supporting the GOP candidates-especially Trump! Quit watching"
"" Hey Donald your not alone. I can't watch it at all. Used to be all i watched."
""  is fighting for middle class and veterans! Discussing trade deals.
""  Do what most of us are doing! Turn off There is a major boycott going on with them, anyway. Problem solved!"
"" I can only watch Hannity. I think he is the only one in your corner
"" WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE WE KNOW YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE TO  Thanks."
""  I have been since you started running , I noticed Meghan Kelly's attacks. Stopped watching. Only Hannity 4 sure."" Yes!"
"" Karl Rove is a JOKE OWNED BY the BUSH family
"" and millions will agree with you! Most of us on twitter now view OAN network
"" They attack you more then CNN or MSNBC combined. Just a bunch of old Bush appointee Rhinos.
""  Im not sure why u r giving them this much importance, they had wanted to take u down in debate and they failed!!
""  What happened to The Pledge? Walker quits and slams Trump. Losers proving Pledge was sham.
"" that's ok! The more they talk the better POTUS Trump looks!
"" you must be relentless and maintain energy, and respond as you have been. It's a marathon.""  True."
"" Thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting lynching of  Thanks Mark!"
 is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesn't have a clue!
I am having a really hard time watching
"" will get out disaffected Repub base voters as well as Democrats looking for a real choice on immigration."
"" Do you dream about He's in your head. Let it go."" She is the worst - all anti-Trump! Terrible show."
""  The way you have treated is totally unacceptable...CNN has been fair
"" Can't even think what the race would be without you in it.
"" love you trump
""  this is bull fox. O'Reilly, I expect better from you. What is going on? Fair and balanced my ass
"" You dominate not because of them-but despite them,They need you more than you need them
"" Couldn't agree more!
Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - can't be late!
"" they're not Trump haters. They're spoon fed morons.
 why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
 was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. not good for me!
"" touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!"
Via HuffPost Pollster  
I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by 
I got to know well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future.
Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes. 
""  Zogby is respected in the business of polling ~ the media is attempting to silence the message
 
I had a great time at  
I just wrapped up a Q,A Thanks for all your questions!  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it! 
Jeb has been confused for forty years- 
Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs! 
 Send me your questions to answer live from later this afternoon.
New Zogby poll— highly respected— but the media won’t report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!     
"" touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!"
"" Fox is using you for ratings. They want u out of the race. Refuse.
"" could you make your interview with any more biased or... 
"" You are great!!
"" here is a Clinton insider who admitted Hillary started the whole Obama's a Muslim 
""  ...Why is Fox being so hard on u? I don't get it...are they idiots?
"" you go trumpy, don't back down""  I won't."
"" On the Muslim issue: It might help if he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights."
"" On the Muslim issue: It might help if he didn't take five years to visit Israel
"" I totally support you! You have this Ga. Girl's vote!!!
"" Thanks and for showing us how lopsided you are! Use your own poll!  
The refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used numbers where my lead is smaller.
Will be on  now. Enjoy!
"" thank you for your personal and financial sacrifices to make america great again!
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far.   Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
I have been leading big in all  polls, with two more today, and The NBC poll is more than double next,  at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I will be on at 10:30. will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?
"" CNN tried to destroy Donald Trump with vaccine autism question, but he gave this AMAZING response 
"" THE best interview thus far...keep it up Trump! Donald Trump: ""Enough With the Nice!""  via
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum , I had a great time in Iowa today! 
A great night in Iowa! 
  
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow- 
I’ve just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. 
Thank you.  
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!    -- Donald J. Trump
"Wow, great post-debate poll: ""Trump Increases Lead"" via Breitbart  
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the  A wonderful and talented guy!
Will be interviewed tonight by on at 10 PM. Enjoy!
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! 
Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. 
Just announced that in the history of last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers , a thank you note?
 
 
The  was amazing --- so much fun! 
 Winning the poll- 
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! 
"Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe is ""milking"" it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!"
""  No one can imitate Trump. He's one of a kind. I love him more each day.   Thanks"
"" We are a Cuban family from Miami Florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in Miami."" Great."
"" Only 15 percent of voters said they would not back as the party’s standard-bearer. 
"" - Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader.
"" More Veterans will vote for Trump than you can believe! I can't imagine they wouldn't!"
"" The ""sold to lobbyists"" candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION, Trump WILL win.
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Wow! What a great honor from 
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
 Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) , listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!
The polls are really looking good— everywhere despite all lobbyist , special interest $ being spent against me. I’m turning down millions.
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd , arena! Thank you
 asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. I’ll lower big league for middle class.
My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony says I will raise taxes—just another lie.
"Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said ""NO"". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!"
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me , on at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets , the military!
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info: 
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
Unbelievable crowd in Dallas! 
Vets mistreated, NO border security? I’m with this Tuesday 9/15 to  Join us! 
The event with me and in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone 
Looking forward to joining Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us! 
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
Thanks Mark, will be fun. 
To all my fans, sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
Congrats to my friend who is doing next season’s  Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great , will raise lots of $ for charity.
"" Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?
"" Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters 
"" I don't know how any American can watch this video and not want to vote for  🇺🇸 
"" please make this country great again , help secure our borders Mr. Trump, you're our last hope. 
"" Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future?  Yes."
"" Mr. Trump, Sir, this country is, and has been, on a path of self destruction and needs you to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"" There's only one I'll never support:
"" Knows how to get things done. He has guts to say what needs to be said. He'll deal with Putin more effectively than anyone.
"" I hated to love it, but was hilarious on last night! 
Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will  
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Too many people on stage for debate. at 11th, with 2% in shouldn't be allowed to participate.
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, didn't get the right gene.
Lightweight Senator should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
Donald Trump Sends to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. that is 
Trump’s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times. 
 thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Will be on at 8:00. Enjoy!
""  That's awesome when younger people can see we need Trump!
""  International Hotel , Golf Links. Luxury resort in  on Ireland's 
"" Ignore the losers and the haters, you are  going to make this country great again
"" Trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. Better than any other candidate. Better than all
"" You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again."
"" does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul."
"" ""I fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong""
"" I want our president to be smart AND witty like you Mr Trump"" Thanks."
"" If doesn't become the next president, then that just shows how dumb America really is.  Nice, thanks!"
"" you on Jimmy lastnight , how you showed you like to have fun/are able to laugh at yourself! Do you ever sleep tho? Not much"
"" My Dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you.  Great."
"" Carson on now. He is worse than Jeb, like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump"
"" blew it away on The ratings will be HUUUGE.
""  Great show! Trump you are Awesomeness! God Bless! 
"" What are your thoughts on your good friend Tom Brady's performance yesterday?  He was fantastic, a total winner!"
"" Mr. Trump, you weren't just HUGE on - you were AWESOME. WISDOM and HUMOR ARE A POWERFUL COMBINATION!!!
"" At the neighborhood bar talking about we need him"" We will make America great again!"
"" You even made the show great again.
"" Trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!
"" absolutely, he's just simply the best 
"" loved the show....trump2016
""  is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - , jobs
""  
"" Trump's polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on tonight. The young people are going to love him!
Backstage with before opening skit- great fun! 
The Tonight Show will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!
Amazing crowd outside Tune in tonight at 11:30. 
 is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
On with at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
"Via The Hill ""No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally"" 
 I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
Just purchased NBC’s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Oh wow, lightweight Governor who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!
Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.
Very good news—the new Quinnipiac poll just came out—I am  in Iowa.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun!
.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right.
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him....
"" The numbers are amazing!  
I'll be on ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on . Probably true, but not nice!
I will be speaking at the  rally shortly- watch live here- 
A letter to President Jeff Zucker- 
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
"" While rallies  tomorrow, will call China to ask for donations  
"" we want Trump! America needs him desperately!"
"" I've just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was
"Via ""Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal"" 
Will be on Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) , Hispanic numbers (31%). 
I'm on Bill tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to 
Jeb’s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brothers—wow!
"The lobbyists , special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me ""just a little"" but is very false!"
I’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists , special interests for Jeb , others are starting to do big ads—desperate! Don’t believe them.
Wake up Jeb supporters! 
Thank you for your strength , wonderful words last night on but is easy to beat!
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert. 
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Looking forward to being with at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
"" For my mind, do whatever you think is right, you have nothing to prove, just save our nation.
"" I know. Gives in secret without even a writeoff. spilled beans about 25k"" Thank you!"
"" No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio , Pennsylvania-thus the presidency, except ""jobs"" pres
Thank you for your powerful words on I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!
"" Jeb Bush, Family Ties and a Museum That Never Materialized  Not good!"
"" No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio , Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except ""jobs""
"" The letter is out, liars.
"" We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!
""  I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!
""  Donald has already done many great things,he has woke America up and people are screaming Donald everywhere
"" it's good to show the public such things,a lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars"
"" WOW! Here is letter that mafia organization of extortion, Club for Growth, sent  
"" Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to, and make America great again. Go Trump
"" Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal.
"" vote for Trump 
"" They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN.
""  Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract ""donations"" from others
""  Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization
"" is gonna do some great things!  
"" You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump"" Thank you."
 should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
"" He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor"
"" Trump Leads as Bush Crashes  No  establishment and/or pro-amnesty candidates 
"" as long as we can stay strong and give our support. He's the leader.
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
"" do you see what's in Tom Brady's Locker? 
"" Check it out, all the way from Wyoming!    Thank  you."
""   AMERICA will be working again. BUSINESSMAN &gt, POLITICIAN. Private sector growth above all. 
"" Poll: Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchup    Thank you!"
"If the presidential election were held today, according to this poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: 
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black
"Saudi Arabia was ""vehemently"" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?"
"Just announced that because of ""Trump"", advertising rates for debate on are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?"
"Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on He is just a 3rd rate ""gotcha"" guy!"
"Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical ""gotcha"" questions"
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast,  before it is too late!
 was terrible on yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. can do so much better!
"Terrific response to my previous tweet: ""I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.""  ..."
So nice, thank you Laura.  
Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field, Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll 
I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.  Will be great to be back in Texas. 
Will be on in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
"" is there something to learn from success? 
"" Obama left our American hostages in Iran. 
"" I love Donald Trump. For ONCE I feel like someone out there running actually cares about us.
The Pledge  
LIVE on  Watch major press conference live from now!  
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
"" Obama left our American hostages in Iran.  Sadly, so true!"
 I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster  
2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as  as seen on with 
 Great job on this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
A terrible deal with Iran! 
"" MEGYN KELLY TOP OF CABLE NEWS...  Megyn, say ""thank you Donald!"" also should say ""thanks!
Will be interviewed on this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
""  revealed character and spirit. Even as changed subjects abruptly, spoke from heart."
"" Go 
""  I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions."" He is a joke!"
"" Jeb bush couldn't shine MR trumps shoes...give me a break. Bushes are so over...
"" Rove is suffering from defeatism. 
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
"" Keep the momentum going!  
"" BIG LEADS FOR THE PEOPLE'S POTUS        Great!"
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on you would think I'm doing poorly.
Why does and always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
I’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to “attack” Trump. Remember when u see them
No more Clintons or Bushes! 
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding.
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on “hit” ads funded by lobbyists , special interests. Bad system.
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
"" Only Trump is capable of cleaning up the mess America is in, that's why he has my vote!     So true!"
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"" My wife and I are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor PERIOD!"" Thank you"
""  unofficial fight song  via Such hard work and imagination-thanks"
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only has not reported this? Too bad!
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from  
See, I told you so 
"This is no ""act of love"" as Jeb Bush said... 
For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works, why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
"" Gaining more supporters every day. People want change. Trump2016
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
"" Herschel Walker: Donald Trump is 'my frontrunner' for president  via
"" Trump Wins Tea Party Group's 'Nashville Straw Poll' - Newsmax   GREAT, THANK YOU!"
"Via ""TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT""- 
Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
"" BOOM - Univision Reluctantly Reports Donald Trump Leading With Latino Republicans....  via
Will be interviewed by tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
"" I love you Donald Trump! I've never liked politics before u came on the scene but I finally feel like there's hope for USA"
"" Love 'em or hate 'em is changing the playing field, finally. Our country needed this wake-up call."
A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the team—no interest! 
 From my speech in South Carolina yesterday- 
Via CNN: Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination 
"" Trump wins
"" HillaryClinton: she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists , terrorists. 
""   2016 !!!
Great job tonight on Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again 
""  is the Real Deal, Baby."" Thank you."
""  NEED A   is back ,  will handle  , 
"" Trump for President of the USA
Just arrived for the   
"" Love you man! I'm one of the silent majority that's so excited to finally have us a spokesman! Behind you all the way!
""  should've disclosed his daughter works for HillaryClinton , Univision is being sued by
Will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
Who wants the endorsement of a guy  who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
 just watched you on Thank you for your nice comments.
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself! 
Great job on tonight We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places.
 You were absolutely great on Thank you.
 Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network  
Will be interviewed on the this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!
Thank you I am going to Make America Great Again!
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, , Alex Skarlatos. 
True, thanks.  
"" he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again !    
"" Because he speaks , acts like a real person, not like a slimy, calculated politician.
"" Trump is the ONLY person capable of fixing this corrupt, bankrupt, divided country! 
Thanks.  
Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%.  
Congrats You just got 4 points in your home state of SC—far better than zero nationally. You’re only 26 pts behind me.
"" Rubio and Bush cant say Wall. I guess it is not pc. Just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !!"
"" I could not agree more ! I now flip to other channels at 9:00pm
""  ... I LIVED IN NY WHEN ""TACKY PATAKI"" WAS GOV... HE WAS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK"
"" Gov. Scott Walker has ran Wisconsin's economy into the ground. How dare he criticize you. You would fire him in a second.
"" No hope for Jeb Bush anymore, has been on fire! Really hope he can get the win and fix this country!"
 did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls
"Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a ""fence."" It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference!"
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
"In a clumsy move to get out of his ""anchor babies"" dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS"
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!
"" Kelly File was much better without Megyn Kelly. Her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better!"
""  So true. Jeb Bush is crazy, who cares that he speaks Mexican, this is America, English !!
"" Ordered my Trump banner today. Can't wait!
"" The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From  
"" People always take cheap shots at you,they can't handle the truth.You tell it like it is.They're cowards."
"" Mr Trump I appreciate you and your honesty sir""  Thank you."
"" No man or women on this Planet can give us back America with the exception of Leadership!"
"" DonaldTrump Thanks for the picture! You were Awesome in Alabama! ""Roll Trump Roll   
""  The bimbo back in town . I hope not for long .
""  Show has become a opinion show. Leading questions, Stirrwalt and Thiessen, used, Fair and balanced, NOT
""  Cruz is my second/third choice. Carson is also a good man. I look at it as war, so my choice is TRUMP.
""  She has come back looking like Nancy Grace
""  Megyn needs to go back on vacation. What a waste of an hour on Fox.
I liked The Kelly File much better without Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
 must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!
"" Pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!!
"Via The Brody File: ""The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump""  Thank you David , CBN News--so nice.   
Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank. 
Thank you Greta. 
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me- 
Depression- be careful of China! 
"" only can save us form this turmoil  Perhaps so!"
"" Trump supporters- volunteer ,contribute, assist campaign etc .We need Trump"
"" Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary"
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
"" When people start losing their savings , home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy 
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember ""read my lips, no more taxes""). GREATNESS!"
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally  speaking up. Just politicians!
It has just been confirmed by  the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it   pol season.
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
Thank you to the for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
"I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but said ""the rooms capacity is just over 2000."" But said Bernie  Sanders had 11,000 in same room."
 covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!
"" Keep talking Donald....The people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!
"" That chant gave me sweet, sweet chills!!  🇺🇸 
Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks  was largest crowd of political season. Nice!
 You did a great job hosting Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
  
Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
"" Every Time I see address a crowd I want to start chanting USA, USA, USA!  is Back 
Great! 
We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back! 
How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!
"Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term ""anchor babies,"" offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!"
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"" agree. One of the things that is good abt is he's forcing others out of status quo politicking.
""  So refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists. Keep it up Trump!
 cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members , criminals
 must apologize. My statement ""we're going to get them out so fast, so quick"" applied to hard core criminals , gang members. LIE"
Behind the scenes video with “Uncle Sam” (eagle’s name) and me.
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for photo shoot. 
On the cover of Magazine—a great honor! 
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again! 
Another great poll result! Thank you! 
"" Now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like The rest don't cut it. ALL WIMPS!!
"" DonaldTrump is an emblem of HOPE that the best is yet to come for America! The good Trump name will be proudly displayed"
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!
Will be in New Hampshire and then on Special at 9 PM tonight.
My official  hat is now available online. To shop please visit  -- it is selling fast!
 - Thank you and great job on tonight!
"" loved you on  speaking truth has awakened Patriots all over this Great Country."
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, , will have bipartisan support: 
"" New CNN/ORC poll:  w/ 24% -- favorability rating on the rise while Jeb's declines. 60% among women!!
"" Walker , Bush want to be like Trump. My Mom88 ""They sound like boys compared to Trump.
"" Polls indicate that a Trump presidency is now inevitable. 
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.  No impact on environment , lots of jobs for U.S.
"" Two explanations on that seem no longer sufficient: 1) It's early.  2) It is all a media creation.
  I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much.
Our online campaign store is open! Visit  for  merchandise including my signature hat!
When foreigners attend our great colleges , want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country.
I want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc.
It does matter! 
My official  hat is now available online. To shop please visit  --- it is selling fast!
Listening to on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!
Why does keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
""  Please have mercy on all Veterans. All we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not. Trump for Pres!
"" An FYI to all the DonaldTrump haters: We've won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And  , - watch and learn"
"" Rush is on fire today!He really does have his finger on the pulse. The shamers can't win against El Rushbo"
"" I truly believe is America's best choice to get our economy back on course , create needed jobs."
"" The best Immigration Policy yet! Time for to 
"" agreed. We need as president ASAP.
"" It felt Like a moment of silence when U said DOESN'T PLAY! Powerful Interview👍👍 
"" just released immigration plan is superior to everyone else's. Including Cruz."
The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! 
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
  Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!
"" DonaldTrump is EVERYWHERE! At this moment he is the most famous person on Earth. And for a GOOD reason! 
"" Donald Trump is Clint Eastwood, the perfect hero not scared of American terrorists. Vote Trump!
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
LIVE on  Good morning Iowa! Let's    
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!
 and should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED , The Apprentice to run for President!
People don’t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Pres—the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt , folks were GREAT!
Our campaign store is officially open! Visit  to shop the latest  merchandise.
Not under my watch- 
"" completely right on China...just watch the news 
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit  to shop the latest  merchandise.
My official  hat is now available online. To shop please visit  --- it is selling fast!
The  is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction , make Iran a force like never before.
"" Only Trump can bring us back from 20 Trillion in debt... He's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so.
Will be interviewed by tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
Our online store is officially open! Visit  to shop the latest  merchandise.
"" why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016
"" 
 had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul.
 you can do much better than you did tonight on Better luck tomorrow!
Why is allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
"" You're iconic! You are going down in the history books!   So nice, thank you."
"" ...Don't give up, don't surrender your 3rd party OPTION
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
 Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
 I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person
 You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman What a couple! 
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! 
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy , assures me that “Trump” will be treated fairly on His word is always good!
Oh really, check out innocent discussion on show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!
 Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
I will be interviewed on Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
"" No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are what's right for America!
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than I brought them the biggest ratings in history, , I get zip!
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
"" DonaldTrump shaking things up in US elections. Jeb Bush is really weak. Carly Fiorina shud go back to HP"
"" : TWITTER...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want TRUMP 2016!!! 
"" Nice try Jeb, my wife agrees with Trump over Megyn."
"" •• You got the the largest rating in HISTORY .. That should say all needed about you to 
"" You are being attacked from all sides, yet you have the people's hearts. Just be calm and trust yourself. We love you.
"" it'll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote 
"" Finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. Go Donald!
""  you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades. 
Small crowds at today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
"Almost universal support that ""Trump won the debate."" Only is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!"
Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!
" I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. ""weakness.
"Re Megyn Kelly quote: ""you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever"" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought"
"So many ""politically correct"" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!"
"" ROBINSON: Establishment didn't get Trump fall they want....  Thank you!"
"" ""Can't Be Bought"" -  
"" Newsmax poll  65%  APOLOGIZE!"
"" Newsmax poll  65%  Another debate win!"
"" your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011. KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP 2016!♡
The hatred that clown has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
....Dopey should be fired.
 you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history , you say nothing but bad...
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger  
"" ""TRUMP DOMINANT"" screams headline in today's Tampa Bay Times.  
""  Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional
"" Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out, was not fair to Trump
 poll: winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% 10% 
"" Dear , your attempted hatchet job on was unbecoming , a total failure.
""  Rosie O'Donnell was the best answer of that whole debate
"" I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting on Election Day.
"" you tried to attack Trump, he took it and smiled. Trump will be the next president"
"" TIME POLL: wins the first  by Wild Margin  
"" final four-Trump, Cruz, Walker, Carson wild card Fiorina
""  Tell me what I can do to help you. She really has made me want to never watch fox again
"" my vote remains for trump!
"" I'm s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love He speaks the truth!
"" is in a greater position w/ 52% to 12% even after , tried to take him out."
""  behaviour at the  was astonishingly biased.
"" your rocked , won BIG TIME!!!! Make America Great Again Mr. Trump
"" Megyn could have done a far better job*
"" They tried to take you out , your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter, not moderators."
"" I expected better from wondering what is her hidden agenda."
"" is that all you've got??? Haha.
"" WAS A DISASTER ALSO.
"" I gotta have in the White House that'd be such a game changer
"" Despite the hype, wins the debate by a wide margin. 
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the trio, especially was not very good or professional!
" your so-called ""focus groups"" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!"
Wow, really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
 I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins ,  so where did you find that dumb panel.
"" I'm getting a lot of hatemail tonight. 😆  She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite"
 is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
"" Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo  will consider other programs!
"" The biggest loser in the debate was You can't out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!"
"" Excellent job! You are real , everyone saw that 2nite!  
Wow! What a great honor from 
"" “When you have $18-$19 trillion in debt, they need someone like me to straighten it out"" 
Thank you readers- a great honor! 
  
"I look forward to tonight's ""debate"" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!"
" who does a show called ""Bob Massi Is The Property Man"" on really knows his stuff--a total pro!"
"" ""Anyone would be lying if they said they weren’t tuning in to watch   
"" The only reason most viewers will be watching the  tonight... 
"" Tonights, The GOP aka show. Projected to be the most watched GOP debate in history. Will u b watching??"
""  God Bless You Donald Trump. I am so glad you decided to run. The Democrats have run this Country into the ground.
""  NBC says Trump leads with HS grads or less...doesn't bother saying Trump leads with college grads, too
"" My dad is a Korean and Vietnam vet. 51 years total with Govt. He's 81 and sharp as a tack. You got his vote. Go Donald
""  We shall see. All I know is The Donald is the only one who can 
"" I can't remember a candidate that I've been this excited about don't let us down! We believe! 
"" Sunset reflects on tower in Las Vegas. What a view! 
"" backs down from nobody!!   🇺🇸 🙌🏻 
"" The way DonaldTrump handled the release of his phone number compared to tell you all you need to know."
"" Yup. And Clinton's leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support.
"" Trump is leading with almost every major group of Republican primary voters. 
"" Sure they want Mr. Trump out. He can't be bought.  
"" Hilary is trying to make Jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of The Donald.""  True!"
AmyMek  Amen! has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor! 
Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability  
"" If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president.
""  only attacks those that attack him first. He's not going to be abused by a   
"" it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. Not a right. Make America great again! 
"" You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell, and speaks his damn mind. And NEVER BS's
Thank you. 
""  make America great again. We're running out of time!
Thanks.  
"" best response ever!  Give Trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit.
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Many of Hillary’s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well.
"" Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion."
"" I support you because I know you are person who gets things done right. This nation needs someone like that."
"" I have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and I believe I finally have one. Go Donald."" Thanks."
"" Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyer/politician. Our founders weren't.
"" the United states needs Donald Trump, go Don
"" Trump Leads, Jeb Slips, Rubio Crashes In WSJ/NBC News Poll     
 ‘PLUNDER AND DECEIT’”   via by
"" All Donald Trump knows how to do is win! Go Trump 2016!"" I do love winning!"
""  Trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border That's getting great attention Go Trump"
"" I'd be proud to say the first President I voted for was 
"" oh yeah you don't want it to be all about Trump- he's # 1 not 
""   You do realize isn’t the  enemy - is.
""      
""  Donald Trump is full of honesty and sincerity😇on the other hand Hillary is a total liar👿
"" winner Trump. get use to it.Trump2016
I will be on tonight on at 8 PM and 11 PM.
92-year-old registers to vote for first time, says will vote for Trump""      
Thank you Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
""   That is why I like Mr. Trump he speaks the truth and  stands by it.
"" we the people are making it quite clear Donald is the People's choice, we want truthfulness
Will be interviewed on at 7:3O. Enjoy!
"" TRUMP STANDS FOR TRUTH
"" Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly.  
"" Trump is surging, leading,, breaking EVERY poll because    
""  Trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. When Hillary does it, hers go down. Must be something to it.
Thank you for your nice comments on A lot of progress is being made!
My  question for the other candidates- 
"" Like Trump more , more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear , understand, He loves USA
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert Einstein
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water. 
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
 Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on Great seeing you there , you did a fabulous job on commentary.
 Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.
Despite the false story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody , is miserable.
Wow, did the fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates , not him
""  We have to vote for ! Our nation can't afford another  
"" I can't wait to be able to tell my kids I voted for 🇺🇸 
"" It's a trailblazing campaign A campaign that connects to people!
"" you'll be the first person I ever vote for. 
"Bush is pretending that the ""Trump surge"" is great for him and the is  reporting Bush ""delight"" - con job, a Bush nightmare!"
"" huge supporter out here in Alaska! Let's make this country great again!
"" How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country, Trump beats everyone all the time.
"" WE LOVE U TRUMP
"" will win every state in 2016. 
"" I've been supporting you since I was 12 can I get a fav or something 
"" got up extra early to watch Mr. Trump's interview   Great."
"" Thats early here in Vegas, but I set my DVR!!! 
""  ""Polls show  would] be the GOP nominee if the vote was held today."" 
"" TRUMP 2016!! PERIOD.....
""  Only those who aren't brain-dead. Time to take back our country , Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can.
"" AMERICA WANTS TRUMP
"" -  💯💯💯💯
"" looking forward to it!
"" I'll be watching it. Can't wait until you become our president Trump.
""  I will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
"" Trumps the Man of 2016!
"" There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest  ever!"" Thanks"
"" Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America"
"" We'll be watching. 2016! Will  : 
"" Donald Trump summed up in one word.....TRAILBLAZER !!!"" Thanks."
""  Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!
I will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
""  Amen! GOP elite called Reagan a cowboy, B- movie actor, dangerous,unelectable.Trump!"
"" DOMINATING SOCIAL MEDIA! twitter edge 
"" The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers"
"" He has MY vote too! 
""      
""  will get things done for America 
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
Watch my interview with on today at 11:30AM ET
""  is worth more than ALL of the other Presidential candidates combined and plenty more.
"" Trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. Not like some of the career politicians he's running against. Cowards.
"" Difference Between Politicians and = Pols Are Bought , Paid For. Trump Can't be Bought, Bullied or Bribed!
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place , Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow.
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. lies.
Thank you for your service!  
Thank you.  
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. 
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night , it is certainly my intention to be very nice , highly respectful of the other candidates.
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there , will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
Carl Cameron is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles , misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong , he hates it!
"" The alpha male in the 2016 race: He has real success stories, tons of money, confident, , he's his own backer
"" The only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors
""  He's not for sale like the politicians are! That's why he gives us truth! Trump for Prez! 
""   we love  , thankful
"" I love the fact you can't be ""bought""...
"" Just updated voter registration in FL 
"" Latinos for Trump believes in Trump
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
Thank you. 
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt , others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy!
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!  
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Per Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
Via by “Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20% ... in Florida” 
"" You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow.
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?!  
""  Trump's work ethic gives me hope - he's a tireless and smart worker: a winner not a whiner.
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Thank you for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
.CNN ,  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
 , did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
"" Mr.Trump,I am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!"
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me  with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
"" .DonaldTrump leads w/ Hispanics. Christie, who supported in-state tuition 4 illegals -scrape bottom. 
"Via by ""TRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDN’T ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS, HILLARY’S EMAIL WAS ‘CRIMINAL"" 
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn’t get it.
While I’m beating my opponents in the polls, I’m also beating lobbyists, special interests , donors that are supporting them with billions.
“Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – Ronald Reagan
We can make Washington work for us. It’s time for real leadership. Let’s   
Obama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
Via “Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked” 
Via cnsnews by “Trump Explains His Appeal: 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians'” 
. will go down as one of the dumbest , most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!
Via by “Poll: Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire”  
My int. with on Obama being all talk , no action , making America Great Again! 
We must protect our veterans.  
Thank you for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a fan!   
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
"" The people of NH know what the American people know: Trump is the only one with any CLUE about how to fix things
"" veterans for Trump 2016
""  McCain   hasn't done anything for the Vets, fact! He only talks about himself! 😣
"" toast. Dems had better get the""B Team"" off the bench. for Attorney General under President Trump"
 was fantastic tonight on Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for the great job you did on Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
""  We love him! I love his truth telling. That he's so real and calls it how he sees it. 
"" , Hillary could stand to learn a thing or two from about making America great again 
Will be interviewed tonight on at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!
"" Donald Trump leads in new  polls.. 
I’ll be on tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one of  world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to 
I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Women’s British Open there this week. I’ll go for two days , back on trail.
"" The Media hates Trump b/c he's a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country, wants others 2 succeed , calls out their lies
 who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2% 
"" Twitter loves Trump. 1000's of retweets for Mr. Trump while gets 5 to 10 
Thanks Lou. 
Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veteran to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again! 
“Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent”  via by ,
Via by “Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls” 
""   More people r gravitating to because they're tired of all the usual BS
Thanks. 
"" No wonder why is ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!
 While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch – I will win!
"" Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile, is speaking the truth. 
"" is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White , Blue
"" I don't get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll, but won't give him credit, they say he won't make it?? 60% of us say yes
Via “Donald Trump: John McCain Is ‘A Loser’” 
"" you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they won’t be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
Great news, I’m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me  NBC, I am  in NH by a lot,  in Iowa, close , gaining.
"" Caught speech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion, great ideas.
Thank you, Greta.  
Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will 
"" Mr Trump you're a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people
"" DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote."
"" Agreed! We need you!
"" I've been awake, but now see a chance of real hope with Trump.
"" Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus.
"" Obama is in Africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS.
"" Before Mr. Trump's Presidential bid, I was leaning toward Walker! Glad I was saved from stepping in something TERRIBLE.
"" I know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !
""  Washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. Must be, since 7 yrs of LAWLESSNESS in WH are ignored.
"" We SHALL make America great again.
""  ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and it's his fault.
""  will shake up politics like no other ever could or will. 
"" Team Trump all the way!
"" ""Our leaders are dummies. They don't know what's going on. It's true, they're incompetent.  
"" America needs !   
"" Outsider Donald Trump assesses , addresses major American problems. What has Congress been doing for the past 7 years?
"" The lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep
"" Politician Have Been Running(Ruining) America For Years, Lets Change That Now -Trump 2016 - iluvamerica4trump201
""   You understand McCain is a RINO Senator who voters can't stand , who's over stayed his welcome?
"" MSM can't push DonaldTrump around.  No More PC Political Hacks! 
"" Silent Warriors 4 Trump 2016 - Vets! Let’s Take America Back! - silentwarriors4trump201
"" I Luv America 4 Trump 2016 - Let’s Make America Great Again! - iluvamerica4trump201
"" attack Walker on Common Core. State grassroots not happy with him on CC inaction.
""  JebBush I think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb....
"" Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump"" True!"
"" In full support of for  No reason he shouldn't win the nomination.  
"" and Walker is destroying once great Wisconsin universities."
"" unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! NEXT
"" .DonaldTrump: Ask why he left 1,000+ WI jobs on the table due to a political deal with the Potawatomi"
"" I'm a 10th generation American of Spanish descent I support DonaldTrump Hispanic DOESN'T mean ILLEGAL 
 is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.
"" vets tired of McCain using them as talking points and photo ops, AND NOTHING BEING DONE.
"" AMEN. Thank you Trump
"" College students love trump. Never change.""  Great."
"" GIVE THEM HELL.
"" I just listened to this speech and loved it!
""  Trump is the only candidate who doesn't test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True"
"" He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why can't he do the same with America? 
"" DonaldTrump-Love him! It's time to run America like a business. We've given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!"
"" Hats off to for sticking it to liberal msm. A horrible newspaper, failing badly."
"" If I were Walker, I'd be afraid of Trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty, benefits, pathway for illegals
"" veterans for Trump 2016
"" Whoa! shoots up to 28% in YouGov from 15% two wks ago, outperforms McCain in favorables among Vets. Great"
"" Please don't change a thing. Your attitude is exactly what this country needs.No tip-toeing, this man tells it how it is!
""  Tweet of the Hour in USA politics  by  
"" you got my vote""  Thanks."
"" TRUMP ON JOBS. pls rt  
Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again! 
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
Packed venue of people who want to  
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa.  
 despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!
 Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are  a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
 is a big contributor to . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macy’s.
Isn't it funny that I am now  in the money losing (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy must be thrilled!
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
"" Trump in office restores US swagger.
""  Donald Trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is."" Will never happen!"
"" the Donald is crushing it
Big poll just out by has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
"" WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER AMERICA! NOT DonaldTrump"
"" you're going to turn America around Donald I can feel it
"" Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!
""  MY GOD! WHY can't the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely 4 R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!
"" In my Lifetime I've Never Seen Americans Energized, Excited about Voting. Woke up about 300 Million people"
"" if trump is not on that stage no one will watch""  So true!"
"" Reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and Trumpenomics will create 16 million more
""  If not for Donald, who'd watch GOP upcoming debate? SOUR GRAPES"
"" I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Carter. Press said he'd lose. Reagan WON."
"Via by ""DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL"" 
Isn’t it amazing that paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--, then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
Thank you  It's time to  I hope you are doing well! 
 has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
"" I appreciate that you don't apologize when someone is ""offended"" by what you say. 
True! 
True, thanks. 
"" Via Economist/YouGov 7•24•2015   
""  Finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!
""  Mr Trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. We need to turn America around if we want to save her.
""  1/2 of new California driver’s licenses go to undocumented immigrants. Read the Sac' Bee, July 17th. Go get'em, Trump!
It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
Be sure to get a copy of new book, American Hunter.
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo. 
Arriving to check out the border. 
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.
DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We can’t send another politician to the White House 
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
 watched you on You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. I’m sending out for your new book now!
Great read:  “How New York's Veterans Day Parade Became 'America's Parade'” 
"" Here's a crazy thought.  Maybe Trump is gaining traction because HE'S RIGHT?
"" What frightens them abt Trump is his totally NON POLITICAL CORRECT nature~Donald is shaking up the house!
True. 
"" clearly puts this country first! Security, vets, economy and won't bow down to other world leaders!"
"" Please be careful there, the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there.
Thoughts , prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.
You’re just not getting there Sometimes things just don’t work out, but don’t worry--- no problem!
"" Been a long time since I've cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. That's changed bc of YOU. Love U! 
 watched you on Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
"" Don't let the press put words in your mouth!  Awesome job at the border! You're doing great!
""  If all the Hispanics hate the why was he surrounded by so many Hispanics at the border?
""  I like . He isn't fake. He tells you the truth not ""what you wanna hear""."
Great! 
""  is the only candidate that isn't politically correct and that speaks the truth on what's on his mind!
"" is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! I'm for him 110%.""  Thanks."
Thanks.  
""  Mr. Trump thank you! For having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. I want my country back!
True! 
""  Michael Cohen on Wolf Blitzer           ..."
"" travels DonaldTrump Can't wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back"
"" please be careful""  Thank you!"
"" Plz stay safe dear Sir, the World needs you.Your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion.
"" Keep telling it like it is. Refreshing no political BS
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
   Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!
What a waste of time being interviewed by when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
"" Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA , telling it like it is!
"" Congress Can't Find Money for Veterans *Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals *Gives Iran over $200 Billion
"" MCCAIN WHO?  Give Donald Trump Standing Ovation  ...
"" Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and can't be bought Democrat for Trump
Boycott no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!
"" We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!
  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
"" I am a veteran from Arizona John McCain voted to give illegal Aliens benefits , take them from disabled Vets
"" The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich, but talks like he is an everyday Joe
"" America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald"
"" Hey check out Access Hollywood:   Thank you Dan Rather, we have just begun!"
 you were terrific on tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
"" mr trump, thank you for getting the American people excited about politics again!!!
"" We don't know Trump positions , he's dominating polls. should learn we don't want soft PC Focus Group driven speeches 
""  I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expert - he has a good racket going.
 knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
"" Donald Trump was Right ! McCain amongst other RNC's voted to cut US Military Veterans Pensions. 
""  is leaving Rick Perry in the dust,and everyone else for that matter, Donald will be our next POTUS"
"Via by ""Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban"" 
It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Let’s Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again! 
Shouldn’t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Will be interviewed by on tonight. Let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers , bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
“Donald Trump on VA woes: ‘I’d fire everybody’, ‘you fix it by getting Trump elected’”  via by
Via @ BreitbartNews by “DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER” 
Thank you for your commentary last night on Very fair -- we are making progress together!
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
 in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! 
"" keep punching, Donald!  Trump it!!  Trump is telling the truth!
"" Will be the the Leader that everyone wants! Cant be sold and speaks the truth! Everyone run! 
"" No matter what says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!"
"" reminds me of Reagan his first time.Everyone was like ""is he for real"" Yup! Libs hate him and make fun of him. IM ON BOARD"
"" Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!""  Thank you."
"" I don't care what people say, I love confidence
"" you don't want Trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for 
""  Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians"
""  In God we trust and in Donald we trust, Donald will make America second to none in every aspect known to man!"
"" Many are missing the point, the US needs to get things done. Instead they focus on sensation and media."
"" Trump is the Alpha of the  candidates, the rest are betas! 
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
"" tell your owner Murdoch we are turning Fox off if he keeps belittling No Fox!"
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
Via “Mother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing” 
My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa 
""  All Talk No Walk. Old Politics. Let's Go  
"" don't get discouraged, keep telling the truth. Your detractors can't handle the truth.
"" GOP establishment forgets that Donald does not speak nor act like a 'retail politician'.
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
""  Any candidate that says Trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down.
Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-
Response to the Des Moines Register- 
"Via by , ""Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has supporters cheering""
  You're one of the truly great competitiors. I’ve said it for years. Great going winning - Not surprised!
 is much smarter than sleepy eyes    Thanks to Steve Bannon , real reporters.
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
"" Trump has no problem telling it how it is, isn't that what everyone has been wanting from a President? 
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
""  support surges even higher after  statement. Why?  Trump is a fighter.  
"" If Donald Trump isn't my president by 2017 I'm gettin' the h**k outta here! 
"" I truly love this Land of the Free and I know that DonaldTrump will cut through the confusion and Make America Great Again!
"" Vietnam Veterans Against McCain-
"" The reason Trump is the man... He wants Americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally."
"" has the balls to say what needs to be said and I love it
"" Donald Trump is the man. And people don't appreciate his honesty. Thank you."
"" I'm  , I KNOW without a doubt that DonaldTrump is THE ONLY ANSWER to get the  out of this mess!"
"" I'm a veteran. I'm not offended by Trump
"" I'm very sure that does things excellently 
""  but McCain is not a hero. McCain abandoned POW  McCain lies.
"" check out mccains record on blocking legislation - blocking Mia/pow records
""     
""  Phoenix VA, led the league in scandals! McCain knew! Did nothing!
"" doesn't need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man""  So true."
""   Well get your facts straight. McCain was so bad he gave us Obama. He gave arms to Islamic terrorists
""  Keep going on,  you can win!
Wow, new preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you.
"" FOX NEWS-Get your facts straight! Trump did not put down Vets-he put down a clown named McCain!
"" your the only person who really wants to save America
"" i've never felt more strongly about anything in my life, you are the only person who can truly fix America
""   Ben Carson has not criticized Trump! And there's no need to mention Dr. Carson's education!
"" we need your help Donald! Make us great again!
"" The more the media attacks you, the more I know you are the right person for the job.
"" Proud of you keep cutting through the  and tell it like it is
"" Keep going Mr trump America needs you
"" America needs !!!  
"" Not a huge surprise all day T.V. is all about and nothing about BernieSanders"
"" Your the opening story on every political show,radio or tv."
"" You nailed it on tonite. You say what most middle class folks YELL at their TV every night - you speak 4 us
"" I'm convinced. Let's go Trump. 
"" You're killing Jeb in the polls! Keep it up!
"" 
""  - u hit a home run on THE FACTOR
"" ON TOP  The GOP, Democrats and media have all hit Here’s the result:  
"" It doesn't matter what the media thinks--It matters what the American people think  Keep It Up! 
"" I'm going to listen to LONG before I listen to georgelopez 
""  “SenJohnMcCain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. These  are living in hell.” 
"" I'll watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views. Go donald.
"" Great interview! Give Trump a hot mic and watch out! It is the rawness, the non-PC guy. 
I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
Look how small the pages have become Looks like a tabloid—saving money I assume!
This story is no longer about John McCain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
"It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldn’t care less about “inclusion
"" I agree 100%. McCain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our Vets.
"" ...rest of GOP only cries but Trump gets stuff DONE
"" the left is petrified of you! Why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?
"" Trump already hosts vets at his resorts. What does Hillary do?
Isn’t it interesting that now that I’m  in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!
"" Trump says things that no one else would even consider saying, I agree with him on the immigration situation, i love honesty
""  I believe we have passed that point. There are Homeless Veterans in USA , yet Illegal Aliens get Government Housing
"" hosts events around the  4our  Long before a presidential run. He loves our military.
"" This is big criticism of the Republican field. Speak truth and stop being so PC. This is why resonates!
  At least we're talking about the  We weren't a month ago!
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
The ever dwindling which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
"" Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!"
"" Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right.
""  My piece: ""Trump: I don't need to be lectured"" 
"" The truth hurts sometimes, who cares...keep telling it like it is!!
"" you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years.  
"" Will make the best President ever
"" WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! 
"" ...what do you say now??? 
"" Voters LIKE ""tough and smart""... that's why we are voting TRUMP 2016!!
"" Gotta love the honesty
"" trump for president 
"" that's all the career politicians do is talk
"" ...RN for 27 yrs. Veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. Thnx for speaking
"" Bravo for saying whats on most of Americans mind. Lets make America great, again!
"" The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!
"" They can't handle you Donald so want you out the race, well good luck,because we know you won't walk away! Give it to them
"" McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck, including the VA debacle.
"My piece: ""Trump: I don't need to be lectured"" 
I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday 
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
"John McCain called thousands of people ""crazies"" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!"
""  Why do they attack Mr Trump? Because he has something they dont. The ability of truth! Trump is here!
“God's word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now.” -
""  Mr Trump the only one telling the truth. Liberals can't stand the fact that your are leading in the poll
"" kick there ass Trump
"" I'm on the 
""  Because she shoots straight like you do, Mr Trump. No bullsh!t. Just TRUTH!  
Wow,  just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain 
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Why would anybody listen to He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, for taking a tough , bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
I will make this right for our great Vets!
All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.
Statement on John McCain- 
I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but , is just plain dumb!
Ratings starved and does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's driving , the money losing post crazy that I am  in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
The liberal clown  told her minions at the money losing to cover me as enterainment. I am  in Huff Post Poll.
""  makes me proud to be an American"" So nice, thank you!"
"" your what America needs Donald!""  Thank you."
"" it doesn't matter how you vote for Donald, just remember to vote Donald Trump for POTUS"
"" has all of my support!!
"" The has your back! TRUMP FOR PREZ!
"" if you don't win I'm moving to Europe."" We will all win together!"
"" This is the first time in my adult life that I have been excited about an election  
"" for our next President !!
"" am always on the road. I am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primary's and Mr Trump has my vote
 Amazing! Thank you.  
 really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I won’t forget.
Response to Huffington Post- 
Via 
Via by 
“Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: 'gun free zones' at military bases.” 
Via March,2013: Jeb said “he was open to...pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants”  Lying on campaign trail!
We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Let’s Make America Great Again! 
MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
Looking forward to speaking at the Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! 
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! had 68. The  is fed up with what is going on in America!
""  The whole Gov. needs to be remodeled, he's the man for the job. I'd love to see him Prez.
"" It would be to cool if was the president."" Thanks!"
"" Trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth McCain
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
 failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
 just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.
 should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
"The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. called them ""crazies""--must apologize!"
"CNN: ""New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up"" 
“No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs, once launched, never disappear.” – Ronald Reagan
More Bush cronyism – “Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail”   It’s the Bush way!
We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speech—packed house.  Love it!
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!
Dopey O’Donnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.  
"FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastor’s Freedom in Iran""   via
Via by “Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery” 
Via “Trump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery” 
“30,000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPO OF DONALD TRUMP”   via by
Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!  
Via by Steve Bannon: “‘TIME TO GET TOUGH’: TRUMP’S BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO” 
""  as a legal immigrant I'm so glad someone standing up for us, the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here"" Thx"
"" The Democratic party has never given latinos anything! Just manipulate them through Univision.
They are great people! 
Thank you. 
"" I literally give a fist pump when I see tell things the way they are , calling out those with no credibility
"" And the Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists.
""  Yea, but you know the only problem I see? The Donald is the ONLY one willing to tell it like it is!!
"" we never shopped at Macy's anyway , will now encourage three daughters not to as well
 wasted $400 million + and didn’t win one race—a total loser.
 You shouldn’t have on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a Bushy!
 Great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. Keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact!
 Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.
""  GO TRUMP
I hope the boycott of continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
I hear show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice,  show would have died long ago.
"Irrelevant clown sweats and shakes nervously on as he talks ""bull"" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12."
"" it's amazing how people fear a change for the better
"" Donald Trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. Every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is."" So true!"
"" Clearly Trump gets social media. His tweets are everywhere , no sugar coating, he keeps it real. Wish all candidates did that
""  it's been a long time since I've been excited about a candidate. How refreshing to have a bold voice. Go Trump!
Thank you Piers. 
 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support.  Best wishes.
 is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via  )
 should not put on—he has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong.
Why do people listen to clown on Spent $430M , lost all races—a Bushy!
 Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister , family are amazing.
"" AMAZING press conference by w/ parents of kids killed by illegals."
"" It's way worse than we know.Just read  educated!!  
""  I think DonaldTrump has struck a cord! 30,000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPO OF DONALD TRUMP 
"" HIGH NUMBERS SHOW DONALD TRUMP IS BEATING HIS RIVALS IN THE POLLS, GO TRUMP, TRUMP NATION.
Via The Hill: Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week  
"" Would the people of US prefer a liar or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! No Brainer hey!
We are no longer silent. We are energized , ready to take our country back. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
""  Amazing work trump! I believe you will do the same for our country.
Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!
Who do you want negotiating for us? 
I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
Matt Harvey -- Don't let the get you down---nobody reads it. Play well.
Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN!  As President, this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here.
"" Go Donald! Show them what a real man is!
"" love you, please fix america!
"" LEGAL Latino Immigrants talk to me in factories , warehouses. Want to know why OBAMA to give AMNESTY? They did it RIGHT!
"" Obama - just retire I'm ready for a real Leader !!  Please Hurry up and Get to The WHITE House !"
Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price!
"" Huffington Post has in first place in the polls 
I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's 
Very nice - has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14% 
I absolutely support Kate’s Law—in honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
"" Part of me really, really likes The man is breathtakingly honest. Have to give him credit.
"Rush Limbaugh: ""Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration"" 
Have some fun with this- 
El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our border—it's been revealed he has CA drivers license. 
Mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
 Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez.
"" SAY IT LOUD , SAY IT PROUD - - WE WANT TRUMP!!!!!!
"When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, ""Mexico is sending...."", which turned out to be true?  El Chapo"
....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers, drugs , crime, they get the money!
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S.
"The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our ""leaders"" can't say no!"
.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!
I hear that sleepy eyes will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
...Trump, however, would kick his ass!
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
Sleep eyes is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!
Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room.
"Via by ""TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX"" 
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! 
"Great segment with ""Breaking Down the Trump Factor""  Let's Make America Great Again!"
Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! 
Today I will be rallying with with 15,000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again! 
"Via by ""Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix"" 
"" ""I want people to come into the country. Let it be legal,""  via
Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.
"" I always said I will not vote until I truly believe in a good leader, you sir will get my vote! 
"" Trump 2016 yard signs. Where can we get them?""  Everywhere!"
"" The competition tries to fake it till they make it. Trump the REAL deal!
""  The establishment Republicans and the Democrats are absolutely 100% terrified of you !!
"" I love what you want to do with this country!!
"" Aren't U angry how the media has turned DonaldTrump SLAM against ""illegal immigration"" into him hating ""all immigrants"
""  Mr Trump I have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life .I'm literally hanging on your every word
"" when Fox News tries to push Jeb on their viewers, remind them of this article: 
Boycott and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Has anyone seen the financials of They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
"" both fools , out of touch with reality! We need Trump. 
"" There's no republican field at all. When the is in play, the others all kinda fade away. Trump2016"
The Republicans who want to cut SS , Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again! 
Via by “Donald Trump To Brody File in 2011: People Send Me Bibles” 
A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Let’s Make America Great Again! 
“Tone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volume”  via by
I love that thousands of people are boycotting and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!
Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!
Standing with Jamiel Shaw, Sabine Durdin, Don Rosenberg, Lupe Moreno, Brenda Sparks, Robin Hvidston , their spouses. 
Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Let’s Make America Great Again! 

"" Please follow ...We already know what all the other politicians will do.   
Laura--Massive crowd, had to move to Phoenix Convention Center. 
Via by “Polls show ‘President Trump’ may not be so far-fetched” 
I want to  
Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
"" keep speaking truth!! There are many of us who want America great again! Thank you!
"" Stay the course Mr. Trump! It's easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they won't. 
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
"Via ""WHOA: Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE"" 
BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
I'm on tonight , @ 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.
Via by “Trump: RNC call was 'congratulatory'”
EXCLUSIVE — DONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY: ‘IF I WIN, I WILL BEAT HILLARY’""  via by Katie McHugh"
"Via by Katie McHugh:""POLL: DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER"" 
Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again! 
True, thanks.  
"" let Trump speak. He is only saying what the rest of us, including you, already know  are a huge problem!
“TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS: GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both” 
"" thank you for telling it how it is, no one else will address these issues. You have my vote.
Via “TRUMP: HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE ‘CRIME WAVE LIKE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN’”  via
 'Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration'”   via by Jason Devaney
"" Trump: Keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate.  You're pissing off all the right people in the GOP.
Why does a failed magazine like constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down.
Dummy Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
Dummy from failing magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing...
Dummy writer from failing magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important...
"" keep up the tempo and don't listen to the RNC!  You are correctly presenting what people want.
""  Again ..not news.. news is.. he leads NC , will have NH on next true poll.. stop attacking the truth.
Via “Stop Complaining About Donald Trump” 
Watched chief negotiator for Iran on last night. He is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk!
""   Donald Trump , keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target, I support you completely
""  a lot of us support Trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else
""  gop or dem, you have to love Trumps blunt honesty. So many things wrong most won't point out. Borders big problem
"Totally false reporting on my call with Priebus. He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a “nerve"", doing well, end!"
"" Like Harry Truman, you tell them the truth and they think it's hell. Give em hell Donald
"" , rest of pundits r scared of truth teller like -  affects everything in society."
"" The Donald is the only good Republican candidate, in my opinion. Rubio, Perry, etc??? Um, no.
"" Krauthammer sold some books, now ""His Pomposity"" thinks he knows US Pres politics....just another DC insider!
"" both fools , out of touch with reality! We need Trump # 45 
"" Only good candidate in this GOP field is you sir! Go Trump.  Thank you."
"" He is an openly declared traitor to this nation as are the execs of and 
You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?
Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit  said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
Via by “Pastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement” 
"Via by Ben Graham: ""Border Reports Back Up Trump's 'Rapists' Claim"" 
Thank you --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time 
"" just read going to Phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on Saturday"" That is correct. I look forward to it"
Via by “TRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'” 
"" America needs to hear the truth. Keep it up, Mr. Trump. You can help us make America great again. Never give up.
"" Me too. No more shopping at Macy's.
"" Donald our forefathers would be proud of you, you are displaying A love of country like Reagan did
Via by Fredy Riehl: “Donald Trump Talks: Gun Control, Assault Weapons, Gun Free Zones , Self Defense” 
"" now I know where not to watch or shop account closed
Dear I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon.
""  most people like Trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought.
""  stay strong D.  The last thing America needs is the same old politician.
  Thank you for your support this morning on Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all.
 Thank you for being so fair this morning on appreciated.
"Via by ""Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech"" 
I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals , more!
We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
Via “See, Trump Told You So” 
“RUBIO’S GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALS”  Marco is a politician-he flip flops!
"MUST READ-""It's time people listened to Trump,' says mother of gunned-down teenage football star""  SECURE THE BORDER!"
Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their credit card. That's great. 
"" Illegal Immigrant Deported 6 Times Charged in Felony Hit , Run of Family. is not wrong. 
""  I'm not sure why people are mad he really speaks the truth. Sir, I support you for 
 U were great last nite on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop , fast!
People rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide.
"" is the only Presidential candidate that TRULY is fighting to 
"" If I had a dollar for every time a politician lied, i'd be as rich as I'm happy as hell he's running! 
"" I AGREE WITH PAT BUCHANAN THAT YOU SIR ARE A MAN OF ACTION!"" Thank you!"
We have got to take our country back. It's time!
""  In addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to US
"" If the majority will bind together and support Trump we will reverse the downward spiral the US is on. 
"" The ""Establishment"" GOP out in force tonight trying to discredit Congrats Donald you've got them nervous."
"" Mr. Trump is right! BUILD THE WALL!
"" I have a Macy's store I used to love to shop at until they turned on Americans 
"" not shopping there again!
""  Mr.Trump speaks the TRUTH And Will NOT Back Down!! That's why he will be our next President!! 
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
"" God bless America and DonaldTrump. You have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with DC.
""  As do I, Diana.Saw Mr. Trump in Manchester , crowd was energized , hungering 4 real leadership."
"" donald I don't have to tell you , your doing something right
"" BC our government are spineless. We need someone who will stand their ground. You have my support
"" DONALD! DONALD! DONALD!!!   
"" Will definitely vote for you. Breath of fresh air. America needs you!
Thank you Alabama! 
"" The huff post pollster has trump in first place ahead of jeb bush
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
Thank you I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!
It is time to create jobs for Americans, not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
Flashback – Jeb Bush says  illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an “act of love”  He will never secure the border.
Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see , can't solve the problems.
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
"" continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the 'fed-up' American people.
"" Saw where you supported on to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you.
"" Donald Trump and 2015 / 2016 Considerations...  via I just signed up to support Mr. Trump"
"" Late night confessions: I think Donald Trump would be a good president
Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite
"" Donald Trump for President! He has my vote come elections!
"" Ted Cruz Backs Trump about securing the borders. Nothing has been done for decades.  via
"" Saw where you supported on to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you."" Thanks Ted!"
""  
"" good for you Mr. Trump for speaking up for America you're the only one that's real
"" I agree! Romney needed  cajones - all I'm saying!
"" Trump is correct Hear about a young woman who was shot to death in San Francisco by a Mexican who'd been deported 5 times"
"" Don't worry Democrats, Donald will make America great again for you too 
"" DonaldTrump Keep it up! They're attacking you because they're afraid. You're winning! We who love our country have your back!
"" More than half of America agrees with Trump- everyone I talk to loves Trump,respects blunt truths- God Bless Trump"
"" : How is it possible is having a 4th of July sale, when it's against Freedom of Speech?"
"" .We all need to get out and vote for Donald . We need a change and he is the man to bring it ."" Thank you!"
"" Praying continues 2 keep the Repubs honest! It w/b so great 2 hv another Reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 USA!
"" has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed. 
"" America will be restored under Mr. Trump..  God Bless America.
"" I'm voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist Obama
""    3M followers, ck the other candidates-do the math.  echoes Americans
""  keeps comin back like Bruce Willis in RED! Trump is hard hitting PATRIOT! TRUTH TRUMPS ALL! 
"" , couldn't carry 's gym bags. 
"" I will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly U turned on DonaldTrump.U have no spine"
"Via ""GAME ON: TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB"" 
"" the blue! I don't care WHAT says or Screw them! I'm voting 4 you, Mr. Trump! 
"" Waiting for the day we can call you Mr. President!
"" TRUMP IS THE MAN
""     🇺🇸
"" I'm probably going to vote for simply because he has the balls to speak his mind. And half of America agrees.
"" You never give up🇺🇸 Hope you win. you're my  choice  
"" But still, we put our trust in and he FAILED us.
"" You have my vote already! We don't need another Obama, it's time for someone who knows how to lead!
""  
"" I registered to vote yesterday when renewing my driver license. 
"" STAND WITH TRUMP 2016
"" Trump is the only real candidate. He is only saying what we all know. Much crime comes from illegal immigrants. Fact!
"" NEVER GIVE UP. You're our last hope!
"" I can't wait for your inauguration!! The beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"" Thanks."
""  More than a few voters may  
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
"" 
"" ANY conservative candidate who disses DonaldTrump's stand on illegals will not get my vote-he stands for US first over Illegals."
"" This 4th of July lets also remember the thousands of American citizens killed by illegals. 
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
"" I do not yet who I will vote for but can assure you it will not be Rubio
"" just lied about DonaldTrump - Dana, Trump Did NOT say ""ALL are criminals , rapists"" .. 
"" Mr is the only candidate that hits my three main topics, Border Security, Economy and National Defense.
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"" It is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone. Mr. Trump you have my vote!
I will be on this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!
"" Cta driver just tweaked I'm voting for
"" This is why we need He tells it like it is! 
"" He says what others are too afraid to say, the truth!
"" Absolutely. All the American people need is a leader to rise up 
"" Make our country great again.. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT !
""  The American people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. I am the only candidate who would build it.
"" for president. No better candidate than Mr Trump.   Thank you."
""  Say it LOUD , PROUD *** ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION *** Is an Attack on Our Country!
""  Donald Trump can't be bought, bullied, or intimidated. He is a strong leader.
"" Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration  (via
"Via by ""Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration"" 
 you never speak well of me , yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
 what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
"" that speech was inspiring Trump I'm with you
"" Thank you America Ferrara for supporting lawless criminals from Mexico. One more needless death. 2 innocent lives taken
"" sucks when says what most of us think and gets punished for it. scares us
Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border  We need a wall!
My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!
Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it, nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. 
Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation. We need border security!
Via by “Matchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa” 
We need jobs , we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Via by “NYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is ‘Not the American Way’” 
A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation."" - President Ronald Reagan"
Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
"" is not a politician, he's the leader that America needs
"" is 100% correct! You have so far made the most sacrifice! Thankfully.
"" you're the only reason I'm registering to vote , first president I'm donating to!! 🇺🇸"" Thanks."
"" thank you for standing up for America let's make this country great again!
"" id rather have a businessman in the White House than a politician. You’ve got my vote
"" full respect from a British guy. I wish I could vote for you! Trump for president!
"" Donald Trump runs to help America become great again. You know he's not doing it to enrich himself like Clinton"
"" I support and I as well will no longer give my business to .   Great!"
"" So? How does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder?
"" Keep speaking the truth. The media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is. 
"" Yes In Deed!! 
"" never voted but your getting my vote
"" Obama calls immigrants gang bangers,criminals but Trump gets attacked for calling SOME illegals from SOME countries bad people"
"" In my 37 years of Life U are the 1st person I have Ever Supported Running 4 the White house U WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"
"" hey you're the man Trump. Fight the fight
"" you are next President USA"" Make America Great Again!"
""  In Chicago we're still mourning loss of once great Marshall Fields, to mediocre Macys. Screw Macys!
"" only our Donald will save Christianity..Christ bless our land
"" If Reagan, a Hollywood actor, was president, then your chances are strong. It sure would be nice to have an ""honest"" POTUS.
As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway! 
"" I am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him.
"" My Grandma from  and Mom in  just said they won't shop at again.
"" TO  VOTE FOR DONALD TRUMP.      
"" you tell em trump! Trump speaks the truth
"" Donald Trump for President 2016! America, let your voices be heard.
"" So ready for to do this! Keep it up, you've got 'em scared!
"" shame on you Macy's. Whatever happened to freedom of speech 
""  Trump just might be the savior of America! Better than Reagan!
"" Donald keep speaking the truth! The media has printed your words out of context. You will make America great again!
""  called them gangbanger , criminals
""  The media Loves to twist words, and so do the politicians. will set it straight!
"" your charisma, confidence, leadership, and record of incredible success is exactly what this country needs 
"" The American ppl are taking a stand! We are fighting back!!!
"" They were taken out of context. Trying to make him look bad to the American Hispanic community.
"" Seems 1 or 2 lines of Mr. Trump's comments about immigrants are continuously taken out of context"
"" I didn't know Macy's was still in business. Oh well, still not going there.
It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak , ineffective. Double the sanctions!
"" amen honey honest is honest dont back down support the truth!
"" Donald, I love your ties. Just set up a website online , millions of us will continue to buy your products.
"" you must be doing something right, cause the left has circled the war wagons. Stay strong in your convictions, WE LOVE IT!!
""  I really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean"" Thx"
A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our country’s core. We must build a wall! 
New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months   Time for fair trade. Stop TPP!
Via by “Always Play On Offense” 
New jobs report: 432,000 left workforce, manufacturing , durable goods go -  We need leaders who understand business.
“TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE ‘GANG BANGERS’”  via
""   only interested in sales and could care less about America. Veterans and Military will be with Trump.
""  Macy's stock drops after coming out in support of  dust up with and public 
Great article by on : “Sorry, Donald Trump Has A Point” 
"" sir! Thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on certain issues.
""  taking a stand against stupid companies over reacting to free speech, nothing trump said wasn't true
"" If you would listen to his words, you will hear that he was slamming our gutless politicians.
"Via Huffington Post ""Congrats, America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runner""  by Igor Bobic"
"Via World Tribune ""The elites' problem with Donald Trump: He's not for sale"" by Jeffrey T. Kuhner 
Via “Mark Levin DEFENDS Trump: Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and she’s not treated this way!” 
""   My many MEXICAN friends fly to visit Mexico because UNSAFE border
“NBC FIRES TRUMP, KEEPS SHARPTON: The bigots of the NBC executive suite look the other way”  via by
“Trump Gives 'Em Hell”  via
"" I'm done with Macy's. Apparently, they follow the trend of trying to force legislation on every American freedom. Done!
""  I will not shop at Macy's. I am with you Mr Trump!
Why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
 stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their credit card. Thank you!
"" Yes, strange that Trump is surging in the polls for saying what other GOPS too stupid to say. 
"" Every working class (every color) knows Trump , wants to be rich like him - faces light up😎😍 
"" Watch what he said, yes maybe a bit kinder, but a fact is a fact.
"" ⬅️ I'm Latina/ Legal , fully support you speaking the TRUTH! Don't back down!
"" Ah yes, so many people I know are cancelling their Macy credit cards.  Great."
"" You have Lib media scrambling..I just freak'n love that! Thank you for your leadership and patriotism!
"" Thought ur interview w was inspiring. U speak the truth."
"" Stick to your guns Mr. Trump. You are telling the truth that too many are afraid to.
""  the media has shown its true colors."
""  They look bad. screwed up BigTime!They are so hypocritical,YOUR Right , they know it!
"" Just deleted the app off my phone. It's a shame, We used to spend thousands there a year. No more. 
"" Mr. Trump, I truly hope you are elected. I strongly believe you have more than the skills required. We need a professional.
"" to pay $650,000 settlement over racial profiling...   Boycott Macy's."
"" I am really liking We NEED someone who will tell the TRUTH. 👍
"" Fight the good fight Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP! You are the only one fighting for America! 
"" knows what he's talking about. Please don't give us another Bush as president.
""  Macy's sales are declining, their stock is downgraded - maybe not the best time to spit on half of America.
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees- 
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy. 
Who is to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? Paid big fine!
Interesting that criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?
  couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t!
 was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again!
""  I truly believe you can bring America back to great.  You don't cowerto the media, lobbyists or anyone else.
"" Now this is the we have come to know  At least Trump speaks his mind. Doesn't cower to PC.
  Anderson—Thank you for being so fair with your reporting , story last night. Greatly appreciated!
For all of those who want to  boycott They are weak on border security , stopping illegal immigration.
Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration ,  SMA trade deals w/other countries should boycott
My recent statement re: -- We must have strong borders , stop illegal immigration now!... 
Get ready for tonight at 8- always interesting!
"Via ""Donald Trump's Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate"" 
My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right.  
Only a fool would buy the Loses fortune , has zero gravitas. Let it die!
"" wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude. It's only way 2 defeat political correctness
Watch me on the tonight at 8PM.
 now I know you're smart! See you soon.  
"" Everyone loves Donald because he'll tell it like it is without any political ""sugar-coating"" , double-speak.
""  thank you to Donald Trump for standing up for what you believe in.leave the B.S.and lies for Hillary and Barack.
"" NBC=censorship. I'm done with them
"" Apologize to the press for not being a politician - because you haven't learned to LIE yet. Go Donald!
Thank you Ted. 
"" It says a lot about when they fire but keep Brian Williams and on the payroll. 
""  they can't stand that you are speaking for the American people
I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!
"" LOVE the TRUMP!
"" Great statement and it's finally nice to have someone who stands by what they say!   
"" Like him or not says EXACTLY what he thinks and doesn't beat around the bush. And that's admirable. 
""  if what everyone says is true Trump will score huge if this is for publicity. i'd trust Trump
"" is our only hope 
"" Listen to what he says. You will know in your heart it is the truth. We are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it.
"" It is so blatantly obvious! Why do people refuse to see it?
"" I have confidence trump can turn a negative into a positive. Trump can make America great again!"
"" I've waited years for you to run for president! You are going to fix America! We Need a businessman."
"" Vote for Trump, he's making America to where we won't worry about illegal immigrant problems.
"" lDonaldTrump Keep telling it lIke it is. You have the recipe for making the USA great again. You have my vote"
"" I like Donald for his no fear tell the truth attitude."
""  don't worry... we clearly don't have an illegal alien criminal problem.  
"" For the remark Trump made on dumping NBC, I'll vote for
"" Pull out the heavy artillery, buy every liberal network and flush them in the toilet. You,Mt.T, have my Vote hands down
"" I believe Donald Trump is the only one that can do this. He has no skin in the game. Just his Country."
"" Donald is the only candidate that speaks the truth!!!!
"" is the bigot. and only speaking the truth about ILLEGAL immigrants
Statement on Relationship with NBC- 
Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!... 
"Via by  ""Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel""
""  🌍 Don't care about  or Trump but he's the best  running and should win the Primary🌍
Remember, Univision apologized!
"" Or at least give it back in oil
"" Just over a year before everyone hears DonaldTrump say ""I Donald Trump do solemnly swear that I will protect America""
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone! 
"" Mr. Trump is the ONLY one who tells the truth, no matter how politically unpopular it may be."
""  will speak @  city club today, Reports claim 2,000 people are on the WAITING LIST to get in!
"" don't ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!!"" I promise!"
"" I know will be the best President that ever has or ever will walk into the Oval Office. 
"" disagree a leader takes a stand. Putin would be scared of him. Peace through strength
"" I sure don't trust any other politicians running to be President except 
"" i support donald trump for president. He is a great leader"" Thank you."
"" Wait Mhndz,  you have 5 mins to prove to me that "" doesn't support the latinos "" if u do i'll paypal u $1k.
"" Mexican criminals coming into USA? YES Did Trump say we need to stop them? YES Did he say Mexicans are good? YES Racism? NO
"" Have a great time in Chicago today. You are the best person for the job
"" is the only choice for 2016.  Thank you."
 Please send me your new number, your old one’s not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
 the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead!
"" Donald Trump's Polling Looks too Good to Be True."
See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?
Via by “Trump: ‘We look like we’re beggars’ in Iran nuclear talks” 
Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon.
"" He's firing up the GOP base. 
"" not being a career politician is an asset. I'm on board trump can make America great again."
"" would be the best president 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 
"" Oh My are they starting to WAKE UP. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We must save America ELECT
"" Unlike  can think outside the box!  ~
"" Everybody get on the Trump Train!! It's a First Class One-Way ticket to the White House with 
"" DonaldTrump He would be a leader because he is used to being the boss. Wont be bought like politicians either
"" Bill O'Reilly's interview with Trump:Q,A over what Trump would do as President!Definitely has my vote! 
"" I did not like you before but watching your interview on CNN, you are the man.
""  Thanks for not being politically correct! America needs the truth."
"" THE , ARE DOING WELL CUZ THE PPL R DISGUSTED WITH  POLITICIANS"
"" Don't let them try to school you, or try to rearrange you, you have a mind of your own.STAY SHARP."" I will!"
"" In we trust.. 
"" You are the only one with guts. We need that!! Have my vote!""  Great."
"" You have my vote Mr. Trump, give 'em hell.  I will."
"" Donald trump is the man"" Thanks."
"" congrats on running! You tell it like it is.....which is rare.
"" You say what the working people are thinking. Proud to support you. Don't back down !
""  GOP: Trump's Fearless War with Univision Only Increases His Appeal - Breitbart 
"" please get elected! Be the next Reagan! You can do it!"" Thanks!"
"" is Americas only chance. He will 
"" Trump is right. Giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the GOP and turn dems into dominant party
"" Why not He knows how to create wealth, jobs and is not a wimp.  
"" Trump for President! TRUMP2016!
"" The appeal of Donald Trump to people is that he's a fighter, not a Republican surrender monkey.
"" just kicked ass on Fox News. Guy is a winner""  Thank you!"
"" Establishment Government, Media, and Hollywood are killing America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Addressing record crowd @ Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC , Make America Great Again! 
"Must read article via ""DONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO"" 
A great article by out the truth on Mexico, trade, the border , illegals. Thank you 
"" I'm working real hard Mr Trump getting you votes in Boston/Rhode island area!   
"" go get em!! How does it feel to be the ""next"" POTUS?  Thanks for the spirit!"
"" is the real deal! When was the last time we had someone with true conviction for US?"
I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
" Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with ""Trump"" - actually, you always knew!"
When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!
When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN!
"" ""The greatest social program is a job"" -Donald Trump
"" Thank you Mr.Trump for standing up for America"" My great honor!"
Letter to - Re: 
If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare.
 cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.  Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott
Once again the Bush appointed  Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico.
Univision wants to back out of signed contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation , horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
""   I appreciate and his straight talk.  Our country needs this.
"" only YOU can make it GREAT again. Your plan is the only one inside reality. MAKE AMERICA GREAT with TRUMP
Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.
"" New national 2016 GOP poll from - leads field, second.  
I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad
"" Jeb Bush should support Donald Trump for President"" I agree!"
""  Trump is as Honest as they come. He wants a border and doesn't hide it. 
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
"" my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history."
"" we are counting on you, Mr. Trump. I believe you are the answer to 
"" enough with   and the same faces every damn year. We need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. U r d one
"" Baseball, Hotdogs, Apple Pie and a vote for in 502 days! On 11/08/2016 we make our country great again!
My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!
My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!
 had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to  sleep. Dead T.V.
"I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why ""Trump"" poll numbers are high."
Just out, the new nationwide poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!
Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
"" not to mention that there's a whole lot of people who never got asked (me included)!!!   Cute."
"" I'm voting for  for CEO of these United States, time to haul ass  Great."
"" UNMATCHED PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN...Trump RESTORES America's credit rating to AAA in 3-4 yrs."
"" Go get 'em Donald.
"" Excellent! I still can't believe voters have Jeb in front of you. Haven't Americans learned anything?""  NO!"
 song, “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway.
For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite. 
 A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal , called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH  
Thank you.  
"" Very strong start, Mr. President!"" Thanks."
Politician didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs , spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first.
Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland- 
Via Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll: MOGUL, REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATE’S ‘ANTI-BUSH’ 
""  is more than just talk. I hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country. 
My interview on “Trump: 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama'” 
"" thank you for running. You have my vote and I'm spreading the word. We need you there to fix this mess.
Via by “Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H.” 
""  I am so happy you are running for President. You have my vote.
"" Please keep telling all of America that jobs, jobs, jobs are important to us because YOU ARE RIGHT!!!
"" So sick of politicians sugar coating problems and issues. It will be so great to have  say it like it is!
"" This is the first election I'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to Trump because I want to live in a great country! 
"" WE ARE GONNA NEED IN 2016 TO UN-NEGOTIATE EVERYTHING OBAMA SAID HE NEGOTIATED  True."
""  I was at when announced president bid. He's got my vote."
“Donald trump files statement of candidacy”  via
Via by ”Defying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official” 
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's  
""  I'm definitely voting for I would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy!
"" I'll be voting for Mr. Trump
"" Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story. Through Trump we can bring back the American dream.
True. 
"" Karl, why don't you sit this election cycle out, we had enough losers to last us a life time."" True."
  Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it?
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
Flashback – Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990   Guess who was POTUS then?
Who do you want negotiating for us?  
It's time for government to stop picking winners , losers. Let’s make sure everyone can achieve the American dream! 
""  My latest piece on winning the foreign policy race.   ...
  Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers"" 
"" A businessman that understands the world's business/politics. 
""  The USA is like Wollman Rink or Ferrypoint before DJT. You came you saw and built a masterpiece. Now it's the USA' s turn.
Thank you. 
  Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
"" Only a fool will underestimate  Trump will surprise everybody and America needs him.
I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!
Sadly, I will no longer be doing at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!
"" Trump,  you got my vote. With your proven resume os success. People would be nuts not to vote for you. Trump2016
"" Donald Trump is the ONLY candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country."
"" Mr. Trump tell America they are fired! Bring some respect and balls back to the USA.
"" I said when Trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earth,when he wins,all Americans will be 
"" - loves you. It was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced."" Bill O is great."
"" Because they're AFRAID of you!  
""  indicated he would support you if you ran. Let's see if he puts his money where his mouth is!"
"" The Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists. He could restore our Republic."" True."
"" Finally somebody with real intelligence , leadership is runnig for president Mr 
"" I'm just about done with Fox news!
"" I do believe that Trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration. 
"" Why is it that FOX loved you until you declared as a candidate???""  Good question!"
"" Believe they are worried you may win!"
"" I have Loved you since Wrestlemania when I was kid. I grew up , see what you're all about. I am behind you ALL the way!
 still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue!
""  I am stunned that Rove would suggest repealing the  That will not solve the problem, IMO!
"" I watched the interview. He sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. Trump 2016!
 stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
"" Karl Rove destroyed the Republican Party. Time to rebuild it."" True!"
"" theyre all jealous of your success   Thanks."
"" The best candidate!  
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of Mike was a total pro!
 was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. should not allow this conduct!
"" can't wait for debates! DT will crush them"" Could happen!"
"" I tend to vote for democratic candidates, but I feel excited about you in the presidential race. 😊
"" Donald Trump's resume backs his run for president   Thank you, so true"
 who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!
"Via by ""Exclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade, Stands Up For American Jobs""
Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father. 
"Via by ""Donald Trump’s resume backs his run for president"" 
"" If you’re a betting man, it’s time to start believing Donald Trump 
"" you are the best candidate for president in a long time. Hope you win"" Thanks."
"" Donald Trump is the only hope for a crumbling American economy. Hope my American friends choose Trump
"" He really is a great business man and gets the job done right."" So true!"
"" Carl Icahn: Donald Trump Is Completely Correct That ""We Are In A Bubble Like You've Never Seen Before
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
"" America should be so lucky to have even consider leading our nation"" Thank you."
""  Trump Has Best Shot in General Election  via 
Thank you for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!
My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1
"" Trump speech is on C-span right now...f.y.i.
"" The establishment fears Trump!"" They are afraid to make America great again."
"" Its pretty clear that would absolutely destroy HillaryClinton in a debate , i really wanna see it happen."
"" The only person running for President that will not betray America  for money is Donald Trump. Fox is cutting him down=Reagan!"
Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S.
Why did beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?
"" great article .. At least  is finally saying what us average working people know!
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
"Via by ""Donald Trump declares war on lying, street-hustlers of Congress”  
Out of hundreds of deals , transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt!
People buy deals , immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. It’s a very effective , commonly used business tool.
Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart!
Hillary Clinton reaches new low.  
Has Charles ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every way—Make America Great Again!
George Will was a big Iraq fool.  $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- , we got nothing! Dummy.
Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didn’t attend because he’s boring , often wrong—a total dope!
"" I've always said the Country needs to be run like a Major Corporation it takes a Brilliant Businessman  
"" Let's get the Trump trending    
""  Why is government run by politicians? It's a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully! 
Just watched Brian Williams on - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at Stop apologizing
"" Donald trump will do this country  good! He is a businessman , will know how to grow our economy
"" Keep doing what you're doing! You're attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before! 
""  Mr. Trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!
""  DONALD TRUMP has been telling anyone who would listen about the Chinese currency manipulation.""  So true."
"" You are such a bright man. You have my vote!!
"" So how many more days until you are in office?  
"" I've waited to vote for since I was little. I can't wait for 2016
"" You've got my vote!!
"" I believe Donald Trump will always make the best deal for his people
""  Mr. Trump nailed it! Wow: After Doubts, Economists Find China Kills U.S. Factory Jobs - 
"" Ive been saying ""Donald trump for preZ"" since 2nd grade.I AM YOUR BIGGEST FAN LOOK I MET U 
"" Trump 4 president...has a nice ring to it. About time someone who isn't afraid to say/do what's necessary took the reigns
Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia, 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline.  
Watch my appearance on - great interview! 
The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
"Trump Int'l Hotel , Tower, Chicago, has received accolades for design, service , our signature restaurant, ""Sixteen"" 
Thank you. 
Speaking to great patriots My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy!  
Heading to New Hampshire.  
We need someone with experience to rebuild America.  
Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you , your great family 
"" He doesnt need anyone's money and can speak the truth because of it!  Go Donald!
Enjoyed watching analysis of my interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.
 in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on Keep up the great work.
Thanks Really nice! I’m glad I did your show.
 watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten.
Dear Thank you so much for your nice words today on Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!
Thank you Tennessee! 
Thank you Massachusetts!  
Thank you Georgia! 
  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Polls close at 6pm!    
Thank you America!   
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   
Join me on from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy!  
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Thank you Indiana!  
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time , money
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out ,  tomorrow!   
 Wow! I am speechless! Thank you to my sidekick who keeps me , the in line! 
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! 
THANK YOU AMERICA! 
 Donald Trump Jr. On The Record: Why Trump International Hotels And Residences Are Still Winning via 
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out ,  tomorrow!   
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy!   
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016.  
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it! 
"Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to ""dealing with men who get off the reservation."" Actually, she has done poorly with such men!"
I will be interviewed on   at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm!   
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana!  
Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana! 
 is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good , never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
I am on with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with  throughout the day. Enjoy! 
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I watched Sen. Graham Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
Thank you Indiana!  
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you for the nice comments on today. Great job!
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates.   
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
"" 
"The ""protesters"" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!"
  Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Thank you Indiana!  
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back!  
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.  
I will be interviewed on with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy!  
 Seems out of touch w/ reality to announce a VP nominee before securing 1237 delegates.  
 Carly Fiorina no lifeboat for a fast-sinking campaign  via
  
 
Thank you Evansville, Indiana!  
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be interviewed on the at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
"" I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much.
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
Thank you Laura!  
 An Honor to be in  w , the legend, Bobby Knight! I like our secret weapon better!!! htt...
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island!  
Agreed! 
Thank you Newt! 
 GREATEST FOREIGN POLICY SPEECH SINCE WASHINGTON'S FAREWELL ADDRESS.
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you! 
Thank you Delaware!  
Thank you Rhode Island!  
Thank you Connecticut!  
Thank you Pennsylvania!  
Thank you Maryland!  
Thank you America!  
Lets  Maryland!  
You have until 8pm to  Delaware! 
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island! 
Six hours left to  Connecticut! 
Lets go Pennsylvania!  
How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates , otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
Thank you ,  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania!   
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!     
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad!  
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania!  
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island!   
 DEAD HEAT: CLINTON VS TRUMP 
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors , special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
""  awesome job on DonaldTrump has integrity , he refuses 2 play the game call ""Delegate Bribery
""  turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive  nominee  
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
 was great on tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the today. Amazing job!
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! 
Thank you Delaware!    
Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut!  
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now: 
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut!  
  
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS , ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district! 
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Thank you Pennsylvania!  
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon!  
Thank you California! See you soon!  
Thank you,    
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement! 
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon.   
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Had a meeting with the terrific of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! 
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!  
 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower- 
Off to Indiana!  
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
""   Wow, really nice!"
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
Thank you New York! I love you!  
 is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O  said such an amazing thing about me!
"" Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!!   
"" Your policies will make this state and country great again!  
"" Everybody is ""In A New York State of Mind"" now!
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE! 
 A message from Donald J. Trump to NEW YORK!  
Discussing  Buffalo last night- on the eve of the  GO NY!  
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for    
Who did the House Task Force onUrgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP? 
 
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take backour country, and  video , go 
  closing speech inBuffalo, New York! 
Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm!   
Thank you Eric! 
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
Thank you Buffalo!   
 
Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
New York, we will make America great again! 
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him , K
""  is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget , ahead of schedule."
Thank you for today's endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association!   
Thank you, California! Will see you soon!   
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
  
Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania!  
See you tomorrow Dutchess County, New York!   
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy!  
"" I think it's more like 64%.  
"" New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters , increased support for ...Not surprising.
"" Dear  I'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WIN!    
"" ""Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York – Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire... 
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE!  
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs.  
 this morning. 
I will be interviewed on at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
"" I just voted for in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit!"" Fantastic!"
"" we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him"" Great!"
"" We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !! 
"" Praying for your family and your win in New York."" Thank you!"
Join me this weekend!  SYRACUSE - NOON WATEOWN - 3pm 
Thank you, 
Thank you America!  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York!   
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!  
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Will be interviewed by on tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy!  
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE!   
  
   
Great to be on tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN).
I LOVE NEW YORK!  
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon!  
Missouri just confirmed  as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates.  
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support!   
Thank you Albany, New York!  
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow!  available: 
Tune in , join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York!   
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, of and 
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly   is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention 
This is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised bypoliticians. Repub party is in trouble! 
"" Thanks for Rochester rally.""  Great people, thank you!"
"" just listened to you on fox. I love you so much.""  Thank you!"
"" Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. 
"" Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k , own the news cycle
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
 
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
"" New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart  
"" let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump
"" Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow!    A big crowd!"
"" Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people.
""  If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard
"" GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders)."
"" is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. 
"" California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out , vote.
""  get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now."
""   Your tax and economic plans are second to none!  Media shld report."
"" Poll shows leads among registered Republican women with 44%. 👍🏻  Thank you!"
"" here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention.  Very sad!"
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife, today.  
"" The Real Person Of The Year!   Wow!"
"" Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!! 
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
""  Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done!   🇺🇸
"" Trump will be our best president since Reagan!"
"" Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to 
"" we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !! 👏👏👏"" Thank you."
"" All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate that will put ALL OF YOU , AMERICA FIRST  
"" We support you  You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!"
"" HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of , I'm a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy, U R amazing!"
"" Reports are RNC has received +1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on  I'll post 
“Donald Trump—The Disrupter” will air on Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by
Nobody beats me on National Security. 
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt. 
Jennifer is a terrific person. 
"" Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe - 
"" Great interview with on regarding path to victory  
"" Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
"" first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?
"" let's have the policy speeches on immigration, economy,  foreign policy, and NATO! 
"" Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!
""  we can only do that with  
"" Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget! 
  
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
I was not scheduled to be on the Pure fiction!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Still time to get out and VOTE!  
 Last chance  Find your polling location for today's primary , go vote! Visit  🇺🇸🇺🇸 
Wow, is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting. Goodnews -- bad, dishonest journalists! 
  To find your voting location visit     🚂💨💨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
"" Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote only candidate that will protect your rights! 
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open!  today , we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"" "" is the only guy, I think, that has the will , the nerve to attack , to fight."" 
"" Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NAVY VET! I love  VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS."
I will be on tonight at 10pmE w/ from Wisconsin. Enjoy!   
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you!   
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you! 
Will be interviewed on on from  tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you!   
This Tweet from has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you!    
I am on with doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy! 
Congratulations to for winning the We are all proud of you , all clubs! Great going!
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with Join us!   
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner!  
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania!   
"" ""I don't care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE."" And that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! 
Thank you!   
""   IS THE ONLY DEAL !!! 
""  VOTE SMA RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W/ 
"" is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE"
I will be on with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
"" Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner 
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin.  on Tuesday, April 5th!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I will be interviewed by on tomorrow morning. Enjoy! 
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!Thank you  ,  Just arrived in    
 should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
 Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Great honor to have General Counsel,  as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee!    
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with beat her by millions!
Is it possible for to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! 
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!  
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? 
For the 1st time in American history, America’s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical , economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
  
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!  
THANK YOU, AMERICA!   
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN!  next Tuesday, April 5th!  
Just had a very nice meeting with Priebus and the Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen!
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength.   
"" Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for 
"" I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary.""  Great!"
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin!   
Congratulations to for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP!   
Please keep your thoughts , prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. 
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!  
 Nice piece and video today in the Wall Street Journal: Trump’s three eldest children jump into campaign 
 got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final  just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified  show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
Thank you!  
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:
Thank you!  
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? 
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune. 
Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? 
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
How come the , show the new Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Wow, has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN , MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs , illegal imm!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak , losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
""  Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood, he'll be against it!
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
""  Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals: 7,546,980, 5,481,737, 2,724,749"" A BIG DIFFERENCE"
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
"A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called ""leaders"" ever learn!"
Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story"" via the Gateway Pundit: 
"" We stand by Trump 100%""  Thank you!"
I will be interviewed on at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
""  will defeat ISIS and  
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
See Lyin' Ted, even the (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump! 
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women , children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Wow, sleepy eyes is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on this morning. Enjoy!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Don't believe the Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women  Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
"" WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. 
"" Dear after doing a quick Google , Twitter search there are over 15,000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying.
""  Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858,233%. S,P: 1314.5% 
"" Turns out was wrong. had nothing to do with it 
"" Your instincts on foreign policy , terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined.
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
""  blames for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis.
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"" Cruz , Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt,  
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
""  They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all"" A dead show"
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. is wasting time
" T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM ""NO
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
""  Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it""  
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
"Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a ""hell hole"" and a mess and the failing wrote a critical article. I was so right!"
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
 and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
It is amazing how gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
""  thank God is not a politician, but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people.
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
"" ""A picture is worth a thousand words""     
"" Donald Trump will be greater  president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity."
"" self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like Who owns Ted?
""  You have over 2M followers more than than This says something about how America feels.  🇺🇸
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning, , now Lyin’ Ted , others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Honestly, I can’t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician.
Thank you, Arizona!   
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Thank you, Arizona!   
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately , get home to Washington- where a  under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
 message from  
 message from   
 video:      
My heart , prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible  tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time , time again I have been right about terrorism. It’s time to get tough! 
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
  We made it easy to find your polling location for today's primary! Simply visit  🇺🇸 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
"" Here's Trump  in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch. 
"" The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you.
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
""  Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop
So the highly overrated anchor, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,  are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy!
"" What’s strategy to secure the GOP nomination? I’ll talk to the Republican front-runner.
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
"" TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US , KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!"
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and  on Tuesday!    
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters!  on Tuesday! 
 You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! 
 Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!
 Just watched you on  with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! 
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and  on Tuesday. I love you! 
"Wow, ratings are up 75% because it's ""all Trump, all the time."" The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
Great to be back in Arizona!  
If crazy didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
"" after tonight it is clear! Utah is       
"" Check out ""HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, AZ"" 
"" Honored to be in  with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC"
"" Actually, no has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate."
"" It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months 
"" 1st time I heard  I said ""wow"". I liked him! I then became a closet  fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!"
"" Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president, ""We've Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him"" 
"" Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States    
"" Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that 30% ceiling"
""  I totally agree! is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!
Thank you- New York! I love you!  
Reading of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected!  
Watching fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah- will be back!
 Utah Speaker of the House announces endorsement of Says played a big role
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
"I guess I have reached yet another ""ceiling""  - 49.7%, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you! 
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, , the most overrated person on tv.
Thank you Arizona- I love you!   
Join me tomorrow!  
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich , Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
"Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who ""choked"" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!"
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO! 
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
 got fired like a dog from RedStateand now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Senator made horrible statements about – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight! 
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. 
Highly overrated , crazy is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday. 
Please explain to the dummies at the  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!
 is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
" Editorial says ""Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692""-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize"
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy is now complaining that  did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel.
Thank you, Missouri!  
Wow, just won Missouri!
 I can skate here ONLY b/c fixed this rink after NYC gov’t spent $13M, but FAILED! Good for Trump! 
I am making a big speech the night of the debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida , I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing—5 victories.  Lyin’ Ted Cruzhad zero. Things are going very well!
Is this what we want for a President? 
  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
""  I think can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president."
 You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on at 7:40. ENJOY!
""  That's funny, I switched to other media too, can't stand her
"" I thank God you are on board with to help him and us  Ty!!
Thank you Marco, I agree! 
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Thank you Illinois!    
Thank you, North Carolina!     
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm EST on Enjoy!
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy is unwatchable.
Thank you, Florida!    
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!   
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big , over!
""  If media wasn't so biased against Trump, he would've won all of the delegates."
"" is trying so hard to bash it's ridiculous"" Don't worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!"
"" Hayes is looking depressed as well. 
""  I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team.
""  She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says.
"" Was going to watch for the primary results but saw - looks like  tonight
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
"I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will ""sing"" again."
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.
 Mathematically it is statistically impossible for Kasich to get to 1237 - he would need 112% of the remaining delegates to b...
  Carolina✅Ohio   
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
 Friends in     ,  we would be honored to have your     
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you!  
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter,   
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
"" Listening to interview on replay of Savage Nation  DONALD TRUMP !!!!!"" Thanks."
""  WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie don't come close"
"" I believe that will be the big winner tomorrow.""  Thank you!"
"" Who started this mess, the protesters of course . And media made it worse.
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it!  
THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out ,  tomorrow.  
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! 
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! 
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders.  Video:  
Just received from Thank you Pete!  on Tuesday Ohio!  
 LIVE Stream: Donald Trump about to speak in Boca Raton, FL. Protesters already before Trump speaks.  
LYIN' TED 
The failing is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- , should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive! 
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
"" It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
 Trump says the chaos in Chicago was a planned attack. But Hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an internet...
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! 
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
   
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton , 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio! 
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, , their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled!  
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters- largest in airport history!   
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support!  today! 
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman , conservative. 
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!   
Rumor has it that is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's

"Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. ""I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better."
 Prob w/ all pundits saying last fall had no chance is that shows media so out of touch w/ Americans
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio: 
 Please read my full endorsement of  for President of the United States: 
 I endorse It’s time to unite behind the candidate who will beat Hillary Clinton and return government ...
 Many people fight for change in DC. is a leader with an outsider’s perspective , the vision, guts , ene...
 The Scrum: Video Emerges to Suggest WaPo Reporter Ben Terris Misidentifies Lewandowski in Fields Incident  Breitbart htt...
Thank you!  
"" Let's be clear..  is about ""Never someone we don't own"" You either play into it , let them win or vote Trump."
Thank you America!  
Thank you Mark.   
""  Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him!"" Thank you!"
Wow, you are all correct about - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
Another Dishonest Politician  
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House.   
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, , is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Thank you Hawaii! 
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
 LIVE Stream now: Donald Trump press conference   
Thank you Michigan! 
Thank you Mississippi! 
Thank you!  
Thank you America! 
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
I hear / came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
 Aloha Hawaii: We would be honored to have your vote! Find your caucus    
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total  When you watch, remember!
Hawaii:
 
 
 
 
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Thank you- Plymouth, New Hampshire!   
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
"" Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho , Hawaii today! Amazing father! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you 
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho , Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video:  
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly , are bad for America. 
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no , they went negative. Extortion! 
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! Thank you!
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. As President, I will protect your market. 
"Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted ""excellent"" reviews. 
"" Setup is underway rally in Madison.   Thank you!"
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook , Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
"" WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP ❤ ,TRUMPS SUPPOERS ... 
""  A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. 
 and did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to and for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are  in the ratings!
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters: 
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue.
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to  Thank you  
I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy! 
Thank you Newt!  
 is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
Thank you Kentucky! 
Thank you Louisiana! 
 If you live in Louisiana, Maine, Kentucky or Kansas remember to vote today! Together let's  htt...
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
Thank you Willie Robertson!    
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the 
I am watching two clown announcers on as they try to build up failed presidential candidate  Fox News is in the bag!
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!
 was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!
Getting ready to make my speech at  A great honor!  
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! 
To the people of Kentucky, Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure.  
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)KY his 2nd choice!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it! 
Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana!  
 Friends: Remember to VOTE tomorrow if you live in Louisiana, Maine, Kentucky or Kansas!  🇺🇸🇺🇸 
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it! 
Thank you Cadillac, Michigan!  on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
  5, 2016 | Wichita, Kansas:  
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: 
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan!   
"" Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? She's not a real person, right?   She is a major loser - no clue!"
"" GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy!
Thank you America!   
MY POSITION ON VISAS  
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University.   
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.
Senator Sessions will serve as the Chairman of my National Security Advisory Committee.  
THANK YOU POLAND, Maine!  
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! 
Will miss tonight at the  I hope all of Ben's followers will join the  We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
"" People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen 
"" teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again.
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
" As predicted, Trump reaching out to make peace with Republican ""establishment"".  If he becomes inevitable party would be..."
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
"I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of ""Trump
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
"Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big ""R"" win!"
"" I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio , Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
"" The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off.
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
   
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.Video:  
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: 
 poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
""  is 100% correct  And u and the rest of u  muppets refuse to HEAR HIM."" So true!"
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
My wife will be  w/ tonight at 7pmE on Enjoy!  
"" I took Trump University class and saved my home!
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale , his no show voting!
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
"" FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state."
"" Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. 
"" Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn't meet 20% threshold.
"" ""A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination"" for Rubio, says  ...
"" For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump""  So true!"
Thank you Vermont! 
Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky!  on 3/5/2016! Lets  
Lets go America! Get out ,    
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 Who has voted today??? Feedback from the polls? I'm like a kid on Christmas!   
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! 
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
 Gov Nikki Haley just became a liability for Rubio after this was published to social media! 
  in 2012 w/ Romney on tax returns🤔(political ploy.) Fast forward..2016 w/ Robot Rubio🤖 
Got the endorsement of Brian France and yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Thank you Georgia! 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out ,  tomorrow!  
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE!  
Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott, ,   
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but won't out of principle! See student surveys. 
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Thank you Virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and  tomorrow! 
My wife will be joining tonight at 8pmE on Enjoy! 
" ""Jeb is a weak guy.""
"Governor Alejandro García Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio “is no friend of Puerto Rico."" 
   
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people! Video:  
Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York"" 
Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow! 
Thank you America! Get out , VOTE tomorrow!    
My sons, Don and Eric, are on now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!
Thank you  
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out , VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video:  
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! 
Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All' 
"Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers ""like absolute trash"" in order to pass Obama's amnesty. 
"Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of ""sex offenses."" DISGRACE! 
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action.  
"" Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician. 
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. 
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!
"Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the ""puppet"" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!"
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PAY
"The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to ""hit"" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful"
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida
""  A lot more water after this bombshell, Rubio. You are an enemy of America. 
"" “It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.” – 
"" anything is better than
"" It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio can't win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony.
"" Marco 'Amnesty' Rubio is the front man of Amnesty.    
"" GO TRUMP
"" DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isn’t afraid to tell it like it is."" Governor
We need to fix our broken education system!   Video:  
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out ,  on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN! 
Incredibly proud of my son , his efforts on behalf of in Memphis, TN.  
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. 
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar
. was just banned by - their loss! Tough, loyal guy.
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
"" There's only one real candidate, and it's you! Donors control the other candidates!  Thank you."
 Friends: If you live in AL, AK, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VT or VA, get out and VOTE on Tuesday!  
I will be on at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
"" Michigan GOP poll 2/24/2016 Trump 35.5 Rubio 15.0 Cruz 14.3 Kasich 12.8 Carson 8.3 Wow!"
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress!   
"" A majority of evangelicals believe is best equipped to save the country. 
"" Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country.
"" in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak"" Thank you!"
What I would do on my first day in office.   
Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing supporters!   
Never let them see you sweat! 
Thank you for your support , friendship- Governor  
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high , dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
"" yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump
"" Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !
"" trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said ""peed"" - is he still in junior high school.
""  Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight
"" ""that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before"" favorite line from tonights debate.
"" Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!"
"" he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-"
"" Vote Early in the   will  
""  Also, all the things Rubio,Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one w/all the skills.
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting!  
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good. 
  
Thank you!  Polls  
  
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Failed presidential candidate was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid , didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
THANK YOU!    
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
Thank you Illinois!  
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night! 
I'm going to do what was totally unable to do- WIN!
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Schedule , tickets:  
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? 
Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!
Why doesn’t just endorse already.Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too latenow!
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
Great new poll. Thank you Texas!   
"" hates to see Trump's success when he was so pathetic"
""  Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!
""  Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!
"" Love it! is done. We need someone who is proven. will make America Great Again
"" Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion , energy to 
"" A vote for or is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!"
"" Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time 
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out  Poll snd Q Poll.
Texas, Georgia , many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement! VOTE VIDEO:  
"" That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!
"" This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!
  Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down!
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
"Why would Texans vote for ""liar"" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently"
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
"" Oh great is doing a on like losing the presidency wasn't enough  He's a fool"
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.  Sad but true
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey He should be fired!
I am in Virginia Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here: 
I am self funding my campaign , don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people!  
 Poll and say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. on is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
 did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Melania will be interviewed by on now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
THANK YOU NEVADA!  Username: realdonaldtrump  
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN!  
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
  locator -&gt, 
Exclusive interview w/ my wife tomorrow morning @ 8amE on w/ Enjoy! 
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 Very proud of what my father has accomplished in the past 7 months -Wishing him amazing luck and success tonight!  ...
My wife Melania will be on  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by - Enjoy!
Thank you Sparks, Nevada!  Finder:  
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just reported on that many people who supported are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't!
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love , invest in Nevada!
" Nevada remember you can ""Vote and Go"" - walk in vote and walk out! Caucus locator:   
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today!   
"" Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process , gets it right
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
"" TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT."
"" gets it. Was just on explaining how Trump wins the general election.""  Thank you Ed!"
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out , said no!
"Ted Cruz does not have the right ""temperment"" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!"
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA!  
Join me live- now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN!   
" Nevada: Here is a quick video created on ""How to Caucus"" - very quick and simple!  ..."
Ted Cruz said on that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. said I would never run, a dope!
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by on
Thank you Vermont!  
Thank you Michigan!  35%Kasich 17%Cruz 12%Rubio 12%Carson 9% Via: ARG
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina!  on 3/15!Trump 36%Cruz 18%Rubio 18%Carson 10%Kasich 7%Via
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. 
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Thank you Illinois! Great news!  on 3/15!Trump 28%Cruz 15%Rubio 14%Kasich 13%Bush 8%Carson 6%Simon Poll/SIU
 Thank you Elko County, Nevada. So much amazing feedback from my forum today I really appreciate it   ht...
I will be on tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy!   
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Thank you for your endorsement   Video:  
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
"" Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out! 
"" No matter what liar sleazeball says about in Tennessee. We have early voting and has won."
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
""  FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP
"" You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
"" Nevada we are on our way!   Caucus locator:  
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!  
 Nevada we are on our way!   locator:  
 Just back from a dinner in West Hollywood: shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would never...
Thank you South Carolina!  
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb.  
The failing Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
"" This is the best reaction shot I've ever seen lol  
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
"" This veteran just voted in the SC primary, let's make America great again!
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
"" All aboard the Trump Train!
"" Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began, while 60% of Americans still supported the war. 
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
"" this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting! 
""  EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA
""  is the only one who will protect American interests.  
"" WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LET'S FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE!  
""  Mr.Trump...BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! It's a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it! 
"" is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio.   He is weak on illegal immigration!"
""  Get out ,  if you don't  NOTHING will change it's that simple!  
""  TheTrump phenomenon summed up: “Leadership, Fighter and Winner.” Not a Liar 
Lying  Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
""  If you want a job next January today. will work for the people.
"" I'm a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!
Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs , should demand security. It is time to get tough , be smart!
I use both iPhone , Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
I have built so many great , complicated projects– creating tens of thousands of jobs-video:  
  
   
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld  twice! I am the only one who will 
I’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, , allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice , freedom for consumer.
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, , replace it w/ something much better.
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper , have been consistent- I will repeal all of  including the mandate, period.
A message from    Video:  
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will  
""  ĺ Tonight on CNN was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people
Tonight I will be on with at 10pm and w/ at 10:10pm. Enjoy!  
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN!   
" ""Pope Francis, tear down that wall!"" 
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!  
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina!   
" Pope on Trump: ""A person who thinks only about building walls...is not Christian."" This is Vatican City. 
  - Pope who lives in a Vatican city fortified with huge walls thinks it's wrong to build walls? Really? 
Response to the Pope:
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
" is changing their  theme from ""fair and balanced"" to ""unfair and unbalanced."" But dying is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!"
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
  
Thank you America!  
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina!   
THANK YOU AMERICA!   
Thank you Nevada!   
  
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, and just go home.
 is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
 who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on
"Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I ""would never be president"" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!"
""  Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump, CANT be  
"" BUSTED AGAIN: in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising   The guy is bad news"
Why does devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
""  FOX: TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE -  TRUMP IS WINNING 
Thank you  for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina.
""  They're too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election they'll get it.
 thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
Explain to and who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Will be interviewed by tonight by phone- a late show first Enjoy!  
Thank you, South Carolina!   
Thank you to the 2,500+ in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday! 
 is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero.   
Just sat down for a great interview with in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! 
Thank you!  
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you!  
What a night! 10,000 amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU!VOTE on Saturday!  
Thank you for your continued support! 
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ:  
"JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private ""Eminent Domain"" --- Just another clueless politician! 
Jeb used Eminent Domain , took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)
I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue , never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didn't!
Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists , special interests - the bosses!
Not good news for Jeb Bush  
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors , special ints
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
This shows what a complete , total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really? 
"" Jeb is incompetent and will lose, don't waste your energy on that cry baby!
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
""  you crushed the debate! Thank you!"
  
Hey see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! 
 
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
How can beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the  stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Thank you! I miss my father.  
Lightweight said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! 
On the way to the  with my wonderful wife 
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ saying I may not be on ballot , I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington , Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
""  On   Shipping  To  ‘I’m The Only One Who Understands What’s Going On’ 
"" I'm fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $'s. It's time we the people play the Trump card, , take back our country"
"" will rule  
""   We know better than to trust the RNC    So cute!"
 Nevada: Reminder that today is the LAST day to register to vote in the February 23rd caucus! 
Thank you, South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN! 
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
Get on Trump's List"" email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. Email: 
"" was right! Vote trump! Bring our jobs back.   I told you so, only going to get worse"
"" stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and he's self funding!"
"" Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this.
"" They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!
"" Let's Get United In America With 
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on and article in Newsmax! Great insight
Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. 
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2,000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant. 
"" Nice column by Bill Donahue, head of Catholic League. He's a blue collar New Yorker and gets it 
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch!  
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little Morty Zuckerman’s loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN! 
 
Millions of $'s of false ads,  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater  and sleepy are now running in S.C.
""   Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?
"" good I want to see the court decide what I was always told ""natural born"" means - born on American soil
"" you have just been put on notice We Stand with you...  Thankyou."
Last time lightweight tried to knock off he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!
If doesn’t clean up his act, stop cheating, , doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
Lightweight is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect , ill-informed ads.
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. 
The failing destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.Visit:  from 
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
"Lying Cruz put out a statement, “Trump , Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage."" Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?"
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin , others?  
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge, Louisiana! WE will   
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! 
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ How can he preach Christian values? 
"" Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon.  
"We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest ""pushpolls"" on me. We are watching!"
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT
 showed a focus group on me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
There are no buyers for the worthless but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
THANK YOU- Clemson, South Carolina!   
"" Which is it ?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it?  Get rid of it fast."
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
"So funny, Jeb Bush called me a ""highly gifted politician and a great entertainer"" - I assume that is a compliment!"
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless looks like will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!
Worthless which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
"" My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners: DonaldTrump A: v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+: went too long"
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now!   
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
"ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our ""leader"" - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results"
New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You can find your polling locations at:     
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day!  Video:  
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire!   
I will be interviewed on at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
"I know the ""Governors"" and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!"
"Remember wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (""come as act of love""). Not a leader!"
Thank you, New Hampshire!  
Thank you, New Hampshire!     Voting questions?  
  
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Today's third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you!  
  Trump has had a lot more responsibility to deal with than any of the other GOP candidates
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. Video:  
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of  and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem, New Hampshire.   
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the  last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl.  
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow: 
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast this morning!   
   
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! 
I am on now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union with at 9am. Enjoy!
"" ""This has been a great debate for Donald Trump.""
"" Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night.
"" Trump won that debate. People can huff , puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night. 
""  Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always, calls it right: Trump held them off. 
"" Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure
"" Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making
"" Trump, Kasich, Jeb and Christie all had good nights.
"" Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump 35 (+1) Rubio 14 (-1) Cruz 13 (-1) Jeb 10 (+2) Kasich 10 (+2)
"" Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night.
"" Donald Trump won that debate hands down, Christi beat up Rubio."
"" My debate report card: Christie A-, Trump A-, Bush B+, Kasich B+, Cruz B, Carson C, Rubio D. Full report cards here."
"" Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South.
"" ""The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order.""  
""  dominating searches throughout   
""  led in conversation during the   
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester, New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now:  
 Debate ready!!!   
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
"" IA caucus hasn't picked nominee in 16 years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states."
"" If I owned a big company that was failing, I'd hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-Rubio/Cruz wouldnt be considered
"" AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz , Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful , not owned candidate
"" How come Rubio,Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth, New Hampshire!   
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders , the drugs will stop pouring in. 
""  He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!
""  is the only hope to 
"" all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying.
"" Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest!  Thanks!"
"" DonaldTrump: no raise in 8 years, home not worth what I paid for it, healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar.  TRUMP 2016
"Border agent: ""We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether""
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! 
It never ends!  
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals. 
10,000 people in South Carolina, unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it. 
Really dumb Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
"" Donald Trump loves America! He loves Americans! He loves our Vets!  
 Watch: Donald Trump OWNS A Heckler Who Said Illegal Immigrants Are The Backbone Of America 
"" why vote for Trump? Unlike politicians all talk, Trump’s talk materializes! He will make America great again"
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February 10th! 
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to 
I very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in New Hampshire—so many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow.    
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Join us Monday, February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire!    
"" I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up , you'll have this Democrats vote.
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice! 
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won’t let them take away our guns!  
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone, a misdemeanor at minimum. 
 as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
 , discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. 
Thank you , Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K.  
 CONSTRUCTIVE WINS! 💪 
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to   
Thank you New Hampshire!   
"Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for ""deceit and dirty tricks and lies.
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against  repeal and replace!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote.  
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
"And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and ""choice"" - a total lie!"
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Great job on tonight  begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy!
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd!    
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
"" All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And he's never held office!
""  Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward, run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you! 
  a real leader that truly cares about America , our values. He wants to bring prosperity back 2 USA 
"" Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won.
"" if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing
 Remarkable how cost-effective Post says Trump campaign was per vote and stunning how much Jeb spent per vote.  
"" You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!
"  on He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro
 The  prevailed! Smart for to keep his speech short , sweet. Ditto for who was brie...
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz , Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
" CEDAR RAPIDS --TRUMP'S DAUGHT IVANKA:""I can just say without equivocation, my father will make America great again.
 Sat down w/ here in Iowa.  Talked God, late night tweets 
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join us!  WATERLOO:  CEDER RAPIDS:  
 , his wife attended the  here w/ Governor 
Watch show you how easy it is to  in Iowa!  Video:  
 Trump winning over Latino Republicans, poll says | New York Post 
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! 
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Video:  
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With  this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000.
"By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing ""unfairness"" - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS."
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal , replace. He lies!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
 is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz.
 asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony
 is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
"The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters ""in violation."" They are now under investigation. Bad!"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   
  
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video: 
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa!   
""  damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!"
"" So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss?
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa!   Tickets:  
  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!
 is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator  is endorsing Canada Ted!
 looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected? 
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than as your Senator. Saw him on - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
Thank you for all of your support Iowa!  finder:  
They say that if I participated in last night’s Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more , would have broken the all time record.
Thank you, America!  
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa!   
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire!   
Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU!"" John Wayne Walding 
Thank you!Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. Trump 47% Clinton 43% 
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you!  
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy , proud
Thank you for your interest , support during last nights   finder:  
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll!  
Thank you for your support!
Thank you, America!  
 • 2/1/2016 • 6:30pm caucus finder:   
Thank you for the kind words tonight, You were great! See you soon!
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely. Video:  
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked! 
Watching biased Charles a flunky who didn't know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!
Donald Trump Hands Bill O’Reilly Cable TV Viewership Win""-
  Finder: 
I hear that $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Ted’s) holdings.?
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. 
Tennessee GOP Poll 32.7%Cruz 16.5%Carson 6.6%Rubio 5.3%Christie 2.4%Jeb 1.6%
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! 
  Finder: 
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done!   
“What America Needs: The Case for Trump” Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord Available now. 
"" I hope has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching Watching Trump tonight 
"" So brings in  to add credibility in her fight with   
"" 
"" Pathetic attempt to bribe He can't be bought
"The ""debate"" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this."
"" why do they have so many debates this year?? Also, why is Cruz still allowed to run, he's not eligible
"" Mr. Trump, why does Cruz hate Canada so much. He should embrace his roots, it's a great country""  So true!"
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
"" new WSJ poll shows pulling ahead of in    Great!"
"" ...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is.""  GREAT IDEA!"
"" Sounds like the advertisers want Trump, he knows what he is doing."
"" I respected Cruz ppl until this lie. We're just tired of it from your side. 1949z   NO!"
""  debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA, not Canada
"" Checked YOUR wallet lately, Mr Ailes?
"" takes  hit on advertising revenues by screwing with ROFL! 
"" 9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS.
"" is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors
"" And this is the bimbo that's asking presidential questions? 
"" Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97% will not watch the debate tonight!
"" Looking forward to watching Donald Trump rally Thursday night on CNN!!
  Finder: 
On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
Thank you- Lexington, South Carolina!  
It was the childishly written , taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter,
I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists , special interests.  
 LIMBAUGH: By not showing, he's owning entire event... 
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty , dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001  

Pathetic attempt by to try and build up ratings for the  Without me they'd have no ratings! 
Thank you, America!  
Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation"" 
Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump""  
THANK YOU!  finder:  
Do you think knows about dealings? Actually, I doubt it!
 begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himself—a bad guy!
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!
  
For the great people of Iowa, find your  location at  - so important to vote! 
Why doesn't phony  tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
I will end common core. It's a disaster.  
"" The next president isn't on ur stage. is the next president.
"" CRUZ IS DONE
""  Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruz's favorability ratings are 0%, NO ONE LIKES HIM. VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD!
"" hits new heights in national poll at 41%"" 
Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%:  
 VIDEO: announces 'a very powerful endorsement' will be coming today.  
I will be interviewed by on  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy.
""  it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair
I will be doing this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing at around 7:00. Figure it out!
"" A huge disappointment to see constantly attack DonaldTrump. It has become almost unbearable to watch her show.
"" just google glenn beck bio. U can tell no education, very poorly written."
"" I believe in Trump!!!
""   Megan can not contain her bias, it's in every show, Fox owners Saudi Prince agnstT
""  I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View.
""  It will never happen. Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump. Nobody will watch w/o Trump.
"" My pal was just on Megan Kelly's show! He digs Trump.  Thank you David, you were great!"
""     BECK wanted to commit suicide after surgery, clearly is unbalanced!
Thank you - Farmington, New Hampshire!   
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. 
"" , leading POLLS w/ one week until  ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on 7PM
Phyllis Schlafly’s Eagle Forum: ‘National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year’ 
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! 
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll  are way down!
I will be on with from 5-7pm est. on
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
Find out where to  on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!    
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- 
" RUMSFELD: Trump ""has a touched a nerve in our country...in a way that most politicians have not been able to do."" - 
  tromps  Day after storm of the century the big city is up and running unlike others in the northeast. Mu...
Join us in Iowa, tomorrow!    3:00pm:  7:30pm: 
I will be on The Situation Room with from 5-7pm est on CNN
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters.  Video: 
IPSOS/REUTERS POLLThank you!   
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
"" Rubio isn't experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump
"" LET'S GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!
""  will be overtaken by  We are superior and have more supporters.  
""  trump right again  Nobody supports Canuck Cruz   
"" Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Let's elect him,  DonaldTrump"
"" From Canada to Goldman Sachs to the kitchen sink, Trump has picked Cruz apart for 2 weeks. 
 Trump +15 on Cruz in 2 weeks. Cruz may look back and ask why he ever attacked Trump. DT has killed him ever since.  
"" ... You are like Superman, everywhere! But I'm keeping up.  Great!"
"" Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD
""  It's time we take America back! No more puppet presidents!  So true!"
"" You said it best!  
Fox News PollThank you, New Hampshire!  
New Fox News PollThank you, Iowa!   
I will make our Military so big, powerful , strong that no one will mess with us.   
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S.  Enjoy!
I will be on this morning at various times across the U.S.  Enjoy!
"" i honestly believe you are the only one who can make 
"" Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb."
""  Great comment after last rally on ""Triumph with Trump or lose with Cruz."" 
""  I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you
"" Full Speech: Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Pella IA (1-23-16)  via One of his best ever
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. 
Word is that crying left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges. 
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.
I will be on FOX with the great tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! 
 such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
For the great people of Iowa, find your  location at  So important to vote! 
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by of the 
Failing lost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain. 
Based on conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!
 has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history.    
"" Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb. JEB wants Common Core"
"" One year from today. 
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
"" cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots. WILL be our next President.  
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me.  
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. , is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure , never sold off assets.
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for  He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!
The only reason irrelevant doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
 one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! 
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Just received the new Fox poll.Thank you, America!  
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
New National GOP Zogby Poll  
National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump""   
New Reuters poll! Thank you!  
The dying National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective , have been for years! 
Great job on Fox this morning I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
"" Poor Jeb. I could've sworn I saw him outside Trump Tower the other day! 
"" Truth be told, I  never heard of The National Review until they ""tried"" to declare war on you. No worries, you got my vote!
"After spending $89 million, is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name ""Bush"" in ads. Low energy guy!"
The failing National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
"" Poll: Trump has more support in Florida than Rubio and Bush combined.  
""  clarified how  is used to interpret meaning of   
""  Washington Post: Constitutionally speaking,  simply isn’t eligible to be president 
"Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, ""Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President."" Big problem"
""  calls Cruz ""constitutional hypocrite"" on 
" eligibility to be President not settled law, says Cruz' Constitutional Law Professor,  
""  With your help we can  
"" No sleep for the 
""  Isn't it time we had a president? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who can't win. The American people have Trump!
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines.
 Make America Great Again!  
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Thank you, Iowa!    
Why does have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump.
  
Thank you, New Hampshire! 
Thank you!  
Thank you, Iowa!  
Happy birthday to my friend, the great - a totally special guy!
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
Low energy candidate has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
Sad sack has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me.
So sad that and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
""  Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!
""  
  THE NATIONVideo:  
""  You're the only candidate we can trust, other candidates are controlled by their donors! 
Wacko is a sad answer to the endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!
"" Trump destroyed Hillary , Sanders moved in. But he didn't destroy her, Trump did.  So true!"
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you!   
Bob Dole Warns of ‘Cataclysmic’ Losses With Ted Cruz, and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times: 
Thank you, New Hampshire!   
Thank you, Florida!  
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks! 
 Trading in the beautiful snow of Iowa for the red dirt of Oklahoma as planned, despite what the media is try's no... htt...
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with to Tulsa- massive crowd expected! 
  CHANGING EXPERIENCEVideo:  
"" Breaking News: Sarah Palin has endorsed Donald Trump in the GOP primary - appeal to Tea Party loyalists 
"" President Donald Trump (just getting used to it)"" Wow, very nice!"
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. Video:  
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:
   - VIDEO:  
“Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower,” said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith , Freedom Coalition.
 I look forward to being on with at 7:40pmET.
"Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that ""Ted Cruz must be defeated."" Big shoker! People do not like Ted."
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read:  
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3. 
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University, yesterday- 
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support.  
 Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy , I really appreciate your words , support. I will see you soon!
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!  
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend a loser- he’s a winner!
 Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives  credit. 
Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
 great job on Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
 Exclusive: Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than   
I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki! 
We launched a new series of  videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch:  
A great morning with everyone Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now.   
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. 
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us  
Thank you for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH , IA radio ad: 
"" great on too""  Thank you Ben for your nice comments on debate!"
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled.  Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we won't have a country anymore!
Big announcement in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally!   
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S., rather Airbus!
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan. 
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about , demeaning? 
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, , $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you!  
Greatly dishonest of to file a financial disclosure form , not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
When will give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money, does another for votes. 
Great new numbers. Thank you!   
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
"Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a ""natural born Canadian,"" did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?"
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there!
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
"Ted Cruz said he ""didn't know"" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable"
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct.
 is a total clown. Has zero credibility!  
 please explain to the very dumb and failing that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
  Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on tonight. You are a true champion! Thank - great guy!
"" got ass kicked by last night-He offended every New Yorker , has no answer to Natural Born issue"
Jusr watched   on - he was great!
 obvious to all that he raised some GREAT, responsible, patriotic kid...
Top searched candidate by state, as seen in the  media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush.
Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O.
WSJ/NBC Poll: Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race.  
"" Enjoyed watching at his rally yesterday!  I've never seen the Bay Center that packed! 
"" no one wants a Bush or a Clinton, they want a straight shooter like TRUMP!
"" Massive crowd in Pensacola, Florida! Unbelievable! THANK YOU!  
"" Thousands packed into the Pensacola Bay Center to see Donald Trump tonight...   A fantastic evening!"
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
"" Standing with as he defends our sailors and military and Americans in the USA 
"" There isn't anything Donald Trump says that I don't agree with. Go Trump!
" ""Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real""   
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does put him on?
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures , images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Why does , waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
 unbelievable job on  with That was better than I could do! 
THANK YOU!  
THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected poll just released.   
 REUTERS ROLLING:  TRUMP 39%, CRUZ 14.5%, BUSH 10.6%, CARSON 9.6%, RUBIO 6.7%... MORE... 
Thank you! 
My nomination would increase voter turnout.   
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
""  THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE, VOTE TRUMP
Thank you for your support last night, Iowa!      
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
Just found out that is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great.
The  speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. 
New CBS poll. 
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you!   
Such a serious problem for Ted , the GOP. Great doubt, Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem. 
On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
THANK YOU!  
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
 horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!
""  --failed ""strategist"" who can't find clients criticizes winning  Stop complaining , try winning"
Fantastic job on  tonight. is a winner!
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed! 
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW! 
 Major Garrett of covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!
Thank you Michael Harrison for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
Will be on with on at 11:35pmE. Enjoy!  
 recently said that she can’t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!
New Iowa poll. Thank you!  
 is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!  
So professional of news to throw out the failing newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical!
Congratulations to my friend on winning a  A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Why does w/ allow a hater , racist like to waste good airtime? can do much better than him!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers!   
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isn’t questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win.
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. 
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
In the just out Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
"" Trump pummels his opponents - and the press | SunHerald   Thank you!"
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
I'm protesting the from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it! 
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person.  
 watched on and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
Thank you, Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion , do what is right. 
"Constitutional law expert   Tribe of Harvard says ""wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled)."
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
 Poll - THANK YOU!  
  
Love seeing union , non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their  leaders can’t compete!
I hope all workers demand that their reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don’t let them sell you out!
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!
"" You did great and showed courage going to Burlington. No other GOP candidate would do what you did tonight!
"" I agree with you on this. won't be good. He will be great!
"" Key State Florida Poll: Trump 32% Beats  Combined  
"" DonaldTrump, wish I could attend one of your rallies, none are close enough. Make America Great Again for my Kids.Thank you"
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing.
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable! 
I'm leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on We love Barbara!
The once great when headed by is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!
" Explosive Trump attack on HRC, Bill, Monica, Cosby, and Weiner. Trump camp just upped the ante on ""women's rights"" 
Hillary and her friends! 
Weak , ineffective is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
 Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now , seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMA!
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
 was one of the worst performing stocks on the S,P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
The failing newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!
Do you believe that in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received: 
I will be on for a interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
Don’t like golf swing.  Not athletic. I’ve won many club championships. Play him for charity!
I don’t cheat at golf but cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials!
HAPPY BIHDAY to my son, Very proud of you! 
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
"" Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do, attacked the media for all their lies
"" Have to get people of all ages out to vote for Donald Trump!
""  I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best
"" Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!
"" mr trump you were excellent on tonight""  Thank you!"
"" # ISIS Reportedly Murders Spies Calls  'Slave of the  Video    ARE YOU WELCOME NOW
"" . Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric, the crowd unstoppable , Kingly.
"" If Trump doesn't win, we may not be able to recuperate America.
"" gave an AWESOME speech in Claremont tonight!!"
"" if doesn't win, I'm leaving this country 
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support! 
""  I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are!  Cams starting to show crowds at rallies!
"" What's wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!
I don’t know to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him , think he does too many TV commercials—boring. Not a fan.
Wow circulation in NH has dropped from 75,000 to around 10—bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads.
"" My Facebook Groups are all voting TRUMP /4000 people! !!"" Great!"
"" watched lowell mass speech. Awesome. Great crowd. Make America Great Again!!!!!!
"" Iowa key endorsement for Can't wait for the Iowa caucus in 4 weeks!  
""  Minimizing dependency on China is crucial.Only Trump talks about that"
"" Donald get big business back and# MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR 2016
"" The crowd was HUGE  
"" Mr. TRUMP this was your best, most energized one to date. ( and i have watched most of them)... WELL DONE"
"" Wow! Let's hear it for the Factor. Let the truth be known. More are beginning to realize is the real deal!"
"" Donald Trump hit one out of the ballpark in Lowell, MA tonight
"" Now 2-more IT Firms going over seas? There is a huge difference between a global economy and GREED! 
The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, is finance chairman. If Woody would’ve been w/me, he would’ve been in the playoffs, at least!
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!
"" Trump only wins with our votes. we must grow Trump nation and do our part. vote. This is our time."
"" This  is voting for  Thank you for supporting IOWA!   My great honor"
By the way, Hillary , the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the Al-Shabaab terror video. 
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia , their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
"" bashing distinguished women journalists won't win you votes""  She is 3rd rate, a total dummy!"
"" I love , REAL MEN w/ an opinion Exciting interesting controversial"
 of the was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying
" said today on that ""attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before."" Wrong - attacked him in '08 , won!"
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
Thank you for your support in Biloxi, MS! Let's ALL get out , VOTE in 2016, so we can  
Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner , if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
"" Well done  display of Southern pride and hospitality at event. Fired up and ready to go!!
""   is much better than any rock concert! He knows how to fill a stadium.
Thank you   Remember this night , spread the word to get out ,  
"" How can you deny this fact.HillaryClinton and BarackObama are the two people who made  a big problem
 So proud to be out on the campaign trail with - thanks for an amazing night   
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Heading to Biloxi, Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support!  
Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
" is a low energy ""stiff"" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!"
 is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS:  
 , together we will  THANK YOU for your support! 
Thank you so much to  for naming me the 2015 Man of the Year. This is indeed a great honor for me!
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
"" I have never been interested in politics but because of you I want to get my political science degree.   Great!"
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
"" Huckabee is a good man...but he needs to get behind  I agree!"
"" I'm one of your biggest fans Mr Trump and I can't wait for you to Make America Great ifAgain! Never forget you have support!
"" We are Standing with you! Spreading the Word...Trump for President 2016!! I wake , sleep praying for you , the USA!+Israel2
"" we love u to Trump Family. God bless you.
Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
"" they're spending millions but you're still going to win - go Donald Trump
"" Hillary said she was in a ""Fog of War"" as explanation for the lies about Benghazi. No fog allowed in WH. Vote Trump POTUS!
Happy New Year from  Thank you to my great family for all of their support. 
HAPPY NEW YEAR , THANK YOU!  
I will be on live,  with members of my family, at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
