Welcome to Walker, Iowa! - SW   
Celebrating National Wife Appreciation Day with my beautiful wife - SW   
Enjoyed meeting ; talking with Iowa voters at Vinton Pizza about my vision to change the status quo in Washington- SW 
Great to be in Iowa County today, stopped into this afternoon to talk with Iowa voters. - SW  
Are you prepared for the next  rally? Stock up at the store:  
Putin is filling a power vacuum created by complete lack of strategy in Syria and accommodation of Iran:  -SW
 getting outplayed by Putin in  Rest of the region ; world watching US weakness v Russian strength  -SW
Didn't catch Governor Walker last night at Watch the full appearance here:   
Great to worship at Antioch Christian Church in Marion, Iowa. - SW
Now more than ever we need a president that will fight and win for everyday Americans. Scott Walker is that leader.
Didn't catch Governor Walker last night at Watch the full appearance here:   
Great to be in IA talking about important issues facing America. It's time to get things done. -SW 
Glad to be back in Des Moines! - SW   
Why does constantly attack Scott Walker? Because he's taking on the big labor bosses READ: 
It's the most patriotic pin in the race. Get yours today!;  
The left is back on the attack. Sign up to show that you stand with   
It's time to upend the status quo and end federal labor laws that limit freedom and fairness in the workplace. READ: 
 you and Bill pulled in $25 million from Jan 2014 - March 2015. That's not  that's  - SW
Wake up with  this weekend. Get yours HERE:  
Here are 4 things you might have missed during the busy week. Catch up:   
Weather last night/early this morning messed up our travels plans. Sorry to our friends in Michigan. - SW
Down in South Carolina earlier today, standing with our law enforcement. - SW  
Having a beer in Charlotte waiting out a weather delay. - SW   
Scott Walker's labor plan will finally "Drag Federal Labor Law into the 21st Century" from READ: 
“We turned it around in Wisconsin. We went bold and big immediately, and that’s what I’ll do on  MORE: 
Cap off your week by getting your official  baseball hat. GET yours HERE:  
 “Now more than ever, America needs a president who will fight and win for America.”  …
Thanks to the unbelievable crowd in SC! Together we'll shake up Washington! -SW  
WALKER: "It's put up or shut up time...and for us, that's what we need in Washington."  
It's the weekly wrap-up. Here's what went on in the  world this week:  
Great to be back in South Carolina, had a great time talking with folks at Thanks for coming out-SW 
Happy  
Freedom is not free. We honor America's  and those  We will  their sacrifice. 
Glad to see acted to defund Planned Parenthood. Now it's time for the Senate to act and send a bill to the President's desk. - SW
Your lapel will never be the same again.  ; BUY  
Happy birthday Great seeing you the other night at the  -SW
Scott Walker is the only candidate that will go big and bold to take on the establishment in Washington. 
Happy 68th birthday to the airmen keeping America safe.  - SW
Under the doctrine Putin has found nothing but mush. That needs to change. 
Governor Walker with discusses his plan to challenge the Washington establishment on 
America needs a leader who's not going to just tell you what's wrong, but point out what's right  
Only "four or five" U.S.-trained fighters in Syria. Yet another shocking indictment of failures -SW 
 great to be on with you with and - SW
Just because says it, doesn't make it true" ;   
Ever wonder what happens at a  before the candidates hit the main stage? Answer:  videos. 
Get the Scott Walker flag lapel pin he wore last night at the  ;   
 if you agree!  
 Joining us tomorrow...  
These 5 lines show why Walker is the only candidate to wreak havoc on Washington on   
Missed last night's debate? Here are some of the best Scott Walker moments that show he's the leader America needs.
Scott Walker will end unlawful executive action. SIGN to support the Constitution on  
Which of Scott Walker's lines is your favorite? Here are the top 5 from the   
Who won last night's  We know who we think won (HINT:  VOTE:  
 uses talking points already rated FALSE by 
Scott Walker on last night: "We need a tested leader in the not an apprentice" 
In public service, collective bargaining isn’t a right, it’s an expensive entitlement.  
Are you fed up with Washington? Scott Walker will upend the status quo on  ;  
An America under Gov Walker won't be intimidated, it won't back down. He is ready to take on Washington. 
Didn't catch the  last night? These 5 lines tell you all you need to know. Click ;  
Above all we are a nation of laws. Happy  ReTweet and support the Constitution. 
The  sure was exciting last night at the Reagan Library. Who do you think won? VOTE:  
America needs a leader who will go big and bold and I’m ready to be that leader.  - SW 
Happy Birthday to Iowa Senator - SW
Happy Constitution Day! - SW
At 8:30 AM ; Catch Governor Walker on laying out his plan to take on Washington on  and drain the swamp. 
You're not going to want to miss these five great Scott Walker lines from tonight's   
Ronald Reagan went big and bold. I went big and bold against the big labor union bosses and haven’t stopped.   - SW
 Straw poll results from  1. 2. 3. 4. 5. …
Ends tonight at midnight. Don't miss out on 40% off at the Scott Walker store.   
Scott Walker is ready to lead America because he will not be intimidated and will not back down. 
"Walker lands a solid punch on See what it was:    
"Scott Walker Attacks Likens Him to via   
Cap off  day with a  baseball hat. Still 40% off with the code "DEBATEDAY"  
These five lines show why Scott Walker won the  tonight ;   
Catch Governor Walker giving a post  wrap-up on at 11:00 PM CT. 
It's time to drain the swamp in Washington. If you agree, ReTweet and pitch in $3 below.   
Who do you think won the  HINT: Only one has a plan take on Washington on   
The United States needs a leader like Ronald Reagan, one that believes in peace through strength   
Let everyone know where your loyalty lies with your  lapel pin. BUY IT HERE;  
The  reason America needs a leader like Governor Walker who is committed to wreaking havoc in Washington  
  
Gov. Walker to "We don't need an apprentice in the we have one right now." 
 Take a look at the only Day 1 plan from any prez candidate:   
 Want a President who will focus on lowering tax burdens? Gov is your candidate:   
So much love for  Let's go again. Hit 250 s and one lucky fan will hold this at the next Walker rally 
Gov Walker is the only candidate on  stage with an actual plan to repeal ; replace  Read it: 
Gov. Walker: "I'd love to play cards with this guy, because folds on everything with  
Notice Scott Walker wearing this  lapel pin at the  Make one yours:  
The  is underway. Hurry and shop 40% off before its too late: CLICK TO SHOP:  
  gives strong response on China: Why give a state dinner to a country that attacks us? 
 will be sporting twin  bumper stickers. We’ll DM you with details and congratulations.
 Not prepared to end  on  Not prepared to be president 
We’re back! If this tweet gets 100 s we’ll send out a  bumper sticker 2 pack to one lucky supporter...GO! 
  tells "We don't need an apprentice in the White House"  fires back  
America has already tried one apprentice in the Do we really want to gamble with another? ; 
Thanks for tuning in to the debate! Show Scott Walker your support and chip in $5 tonight! 
 Scott Walker to Trump: “We balanced a $3.6 Billion deficit in Wisconsin”    
 You can’t take America into bankruptcy. You can’t have an “oops” moment in the 
  
 Let's go  
Congratulations We’re sending you a  bumper sticker. Check your DMs for info.
 Giveaway: Get this tweet to 50 s and we’ll pick one lucky supporter to get this: 
Give Governor Walker a high-five tonight by donating $5 below via   
  Talk is cheap; we need a proven leader in the White House -OTR  
 Who's fired up for a win tonight?!  
Thanks for tuning in to the debate! Head over to the store to get your  pin today! 
It's almost time for the  Click to learn how you can watch Scott Walker and the other candidates LIVE 
🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸      🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸    🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸      🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 
Give your social media a  face-lift. Swap out your avatar with one of these.   
WATCH Scott Walker lay out a plan to drain the DC swamp and return power to the people with around 6:00 PM CT.  
NEW item:  logo lapel pin! Head over to our store to get yours today. 
NEW item:  logo lapel pin!  Head over to our store to get yours today. 
Enjoying my pre  ritual. Grabbing a quick jog before tonight's  - SW  
Hurry before it's too late. These prices are  day only SHOP:   
BEHIND THE SCENES: Governor Walker hanging out at the Reagan Ranch prepping for tonight's   
&lt; -- snapping the  Don't miss out.   
Governor Walker op-ed in "Putting workers’ interests before special interests" READ:  
The only question is what to buy in the  store during our big 40% off  sale.  Code "DEBATEDAY" 
Here are four things you need to know about Scott Walker's record before tonight's   
Read my Power to the People Not the Union Bosses plan. No one else on stage with me has a plan to reform unions. - SW 
This just in! The offical  lapel pin. Get YOURS HERE:  
 Gov. does a walk-through ahead of  
Want to watch tonight's  live? Here's how you can tune in:  
Gear up for tonight's  Now get 40% off with code: "DEBATEDAY." STA SHOPPING HERE:  
The  issues headquarters has launched. See where Scott Walker stands:   
Read my Day One Patient Freedom Plan. No one else on stage with me has a real plan to repeal ObamaCare ;  - SW
Gov. Walker in "For too long, big-labor special interests in Washington have used the system to unfairly benefit themselves."
What's better than a  T-Shirt? How about a  T-Shirt that's 40% off. BUY ;  
Governor Walker on last night: Labor reform is about jobs, would be worse than Obama.
  I won’t back down from unions, liberals, Dems or even Republicans in my own party if that’s what it takes to do…
There's no debating these prices won't last long. Cash in on our one day sale! BUY HERE:  
Clock just struck midnight. The   sale is officially on. Start shopping:  
Tomorrow, Scott Walker squares off against the other Republican contenders in the  Watch it live. INFO; 
59% think broke the law by sending and receiving classified information on her private email server. ReTweet if do too.
This month we recognize the many traditions the Hispanic community has shared with America. 
Only a few more days until fall. Don't be left out in the cold. Grab a  fleece: SHOP:  
Don't miss any action in the  from the Reagan Library. Learn how you can watch ; cheer on  HERE; 
Governor Walker: "We’ve Had a Novice In the White House" and "It Hasn’t Worked"  ReTweet if you couldn't agree more.
"Scott Walker’s labor reforms would make unions more accountable to their members" READ:  via
Interested in watching Scott Walker in tomorrow's  on Here's how. DETAILS ;  
Back Scott Walker on your bumper. BUY yours HERE ;  
 "Scott Walker earned praise from labor-policy experts." READ WHY;   
Proven and Tested. Scott Walker took on the big government bosses in WI and will do the same in Washington. SEE HOW: 
WATCH: Governor Walker highlight his "Power to the People" labor plan on the 
Missed Scott Walker's speech to increase freedom and opportunity in the workplace? Catch up on the details HERE: 
We need to enforce our laws and end unlawful executive action. SIGN to support the Constitution; 
The unions tried to intimidate me in the past. We didn't back down. We won. Our reforms worked. - SW  
FDR said it best, union bargaining "cannot be transplanted into the public service."   
WATCH Scott Walker unveils his plan to give power to the people, not the union bosses:   
 High praise for  reform policy roll out.    via
Walker to GOP Rivals: "Talk is cheap. Where is your plan?" in Walker's plan:  
  showed real leadership in labor speech yesterday, endorsed Employee Rights Act, real labor reform.
READ Scott Walker's pro-feedom plan to check the power of big-government special interests ;  
 First candidates to use the new Twitter donation feature: and 
Just launched our account. Show Scott Walker some support going into the second debate by donating $2. 
The proven deciever-in-chief, can't get her story straight. READ in ; 
  "If you want someone who's been tested, I've been tested unlike anybody else on that stage." 
 Great being on the  to talk about putting American workers back in charge of the workplace. - SW
 Actually, we're protecting the American worker from being forced to support candidates like you. - SW
Thanks to those who came out to discuss freedom in the workplace. Together we can put workers back in charge. - SW 


WATCH Scott Walker lay out his  plan to give power to the people, not the union bosses. LIVE: 
Here's the latest from the  campaign trail from the past week. READ ;  
In 2012, taxpayers spent $156 million for federal government employees to work for unions. Time to end this abuse. 
Walker stood up to the big government special interests in Wisconsin and will do the same in Washington on  
Scott Walker in "As president, I will...prohibit federal employee unions." MORE: 
As President, I will eliminate the big government unions entirely ; put the American people back in charge of their government. - SW
Under my plan, every employee in America will have the freedom to choose whether they want to be in a labor union or not. - SW 
Big labor bosses directly interfere with government's ability to work on behalf of taxpayers. On  government will get back to work.
America needs a leader who will take on the Washington establishment. READ Scott Walker's  plan HERE; 
Big government union bosses are upset because I'm a threat to them ; the politicians in Washington who do their bidding.  - SW
Teachers still refuse to teach in Seattle. READ how Scott Walker puts taxpayers and students above special interests: 
Those from Washington, won't fix Washington. On  I'll bring real reforms ; take on the union bosses. - SW
Scott Walker: "I'll take on the big government union bosses directly." READ HOW:   
Ronald Reagan said, "Trust, but verify." We can't trust Iran and can't verify with the  SIGN ON to end it: 
Scott Walker in "Action is required to end the influence big labor has on our federal government." READ: 
READ Scott Walker's plan to give power to the people, not the union bosses:    
As President, on  I will abolish the which has become a proxy for the big union bosses. - SW  
The perfect mug for Monday mornings. Wake up here ;   
Proud to announce my 99-county  leadership team as we continue to build a strong grassroots campaign.  -SW
"Scott Walker promised to tackle union power at the federal level just like he did...in Wisconsin." READ IT: 
"Scott Walker proposes vast restrictions on unions" via   
LISTEN: Scott Walker talks about his passion for commonsense conservative reforms ; his proven record on 
"Walker's plan is a far better deal for the millions of middle-class families who get nothing from  READ: 
Show off your laptop's loyalty with a  laptop sticker. Grab one HERE ;  
 "opted for convenience" over the security of the American people. WATCH: 
Met with Iowa voters this morning after church at the Buttermilk Cafe in Buchanan County.  -SW  
Ran into someone else who went to school in Plainfield when we stopped at the Buttermilk Cafe in Buchanan, Iowa. - SW 
 Thanks for taking ; me to Prairie Lakes Church in Cedar Falls this morning. - SW
Grab a cup of coffee and tune in to at 8:00 AM CT to watch Governor Walker lay out his  plan to wreak havoc on Washington.
 great seeing ya today at the and game  - SW 
Great day hanging out in Iowa at the and game! - SW   
 and I enjoyed being at the and football game today! - SW  
Whether you're for or make sure you're still on Team  
Catch up on the latest  news in "This Week with Walker." CHECK it out HERE:  
Catch Governor Walker on tomorrow at 8:00 AM CT discussing his  plan to wreak havoc on Washington. 
Get the facts! Scott Walker has the plan to repeal  once and for all:  
Like Ronald Reagan? These five Scott Walker quotes will remind you of our 40th President ;  
The  paves the way for a nuclear Iran within 10 years. +SIGN to stop the   
Great atmosphere tailgating with Iowa voters before the 2015  game at Jack Trice Stadium. - SW
Stopped by the Grundy County Community Center to do a little tailgating and talking with Iowa voters.  - SW 
I had a great time last night with catching a Tipton High School football game.  - SW 
FLASHBACK: "I did not send nor receive anything that was classified at the time." 
Looking forward to spending time at Jack Trice Stadium for Iowa/Iowa State game today - SW
 After 3 stops in Iowa, ; makes a stop at Diedrichsen Field to take in some HS football. 
Met some great people from Clinton County at Dennis Campbell's farm. Thanks for coming out. - SW  
 you championed the kind of real results we need to deliver in Washington ; for America. Thanks for running a great race -SW
Stand with Scott Walker's plan to repeal and replace  ADD your name HERE; 
It was great chatting with Iowa voters in Jackson County this afternoon. One more county down.  - SW 
Are you fed up with Washington? Scott Walker will upend the status quo on  ;  
Show you've got Scott Walker's back by getting in on our bumper sticker 2 pack. ON SALE:  
Scott Walker echoes Reagan's call to "drain the swamp in Washington" in these 5 quotes. READ:  
We need a leader that defends freedom and democracy on  not state-sponsored terror. Sign if you AGREE: 
 serves as a painful reminder of what’s at stake in the battle with radical Islamic terrorism. We must remain firm in this fight-SW
We honor the memory of Amb Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods ; Glen Doherty, 4 brave Americans whose service we will  -SW
Today ; every day, our hearts are filled with the strength ; spirit of a nation that rose out of the rubble united ; unintimidated. - SW
As we honor the victims, we cannot forget the bravery of the hundreds of first responders who sacrificed their lives to save others. - SW
14 years ago, radical Islamic terrorists unleashed unimaginable horror against our country, ending nearly 3,000 innocent lives. - SW
Pick up your signed copy of "Unintimidated" and learn how Scott Walker fights and wins. BUY:  
 the ONLY position that's extreme is not protecting life after 5 months.  
 while you pander to union bosses, I give workers freedom to choose if they want to be in a union or not. - SW
 your affinity for flying private jets on taxpayers dime is well known. I for one prefer this ride-SW 

 Welcome to Wisconsin where we froze in-state tuition at the University of Wisconsin for 4 years. - SW 
Thanks to the students ; staff at Eureka College for hosting us!  It was great to be at Reagan's alma mater. - SW 
No caption necessary.   
America needs a President who respects the Constitution and secures the border:   
READ; 5 moments when Scott Walker reminded you of Ronald Reagan.   
On  I'll end federal employee union dues that are used for political activity. - SW 
Seattle union strike is another example of big labor unions holding hardworking taxpayers hostage to their organized extortion. - SW
I saw big-labor special interest groups put the needs of their members over the needs of our kids so we fixed it  -SW
For months deceived the American people and dodged questions about her criminal activity. READ: 
 "I could have and should have done a better job." Her actions show she cannot be trusted. WATCH: 
 "opted for convenience" over the security of the American people. WATCH: 
Congress should have to play by the rules like everyone else. READ Walker's  promises  
Reagan once said that we needed to drain the swamp in Washington. Since he left the swamp has filled back up. It's time to drain again. -SW
Scott Walker will not wait to act. He will terminate the  on   
SEATTLE TIMES: "Empty classes, no talks as Seattle schools stalemate continues." READ:  
America needs a leader who thinks more about the next generation than the next election. Someone who is willing to go big and go bold. - SW
  says he wants to 'wreak havoc' on Washington. That means upsetting the status quo." 

Educators who refuse to educate ; Seattle teachers union protest sent kids home from school for a second day. 
WATCH Governor Walker's speech at Reagan's Alma Mater LIVE starting at 9:00 AM CT -&gt;   
IRONY: The education of kids is being held hostage by the very people who should be educating them. 
Trump's personal attacks against are plain inappropriate and wrong. It's time for these shameless attacks to end. - SW
Scott Walker unveils his plan for  to wreak havoc on Washington. READ the plan:  
This is what happens when unions have unlimited power over taxpayers. 
Our reforms removed the special interest stranglehold and allowed Wisconsin’s teachers to do what they do best: educate our kids.
Seattle union strike that sent home 50K kids is what happens when unions have unlimited power over taxpayers: 
Scott Walker offers "first detailed replacement plan for Obamacare" via health care scholar  
Football kicks off tomorrow, pickup a t-shirt and show you're on team  BUY:  
I agree w/  demonstrates weakness, that’s why I’d terminate it on day one  -SW
US already takes nearly 70,000 refugees/year - about 2,000 from Syria. We've spent $4 billion on Syrian crisis.  - SW
We shouldn't be taking in any more Syrian refugees right now. The real problem here is the Obama Admin's failure to deal with  - SW
"U.S. Should Not Take In Syrian Refugees: Governor says fighting  should be top priority" READ: 
56% think the  is bad for America.  and SIGN if you're one of them:  
No opening up US State secrets to hacks and compromise by China ; Russia is recklessness, not leadership. - SW
The failure of to abide by our Constitution and obey federal law must come to an end on  READ: 
Scott Walker offers "the first detailed replacement plan for Obamacare" ; 
Hardworking taxpayers deserve an efficient, effective government that works for them and I’m prepared to be held accountable. - SW
Read my  promises to wreak havoc on Washington and drain the DC swamp:  Sign on if you stand with me. -SW
"Anyone can talk" but I'm still delivering for WI families. 1). Protect unborn after 5 months2). Signed 3 budgets for $4.7B tax cuts- SW
"Offering something different" isn't electing an establishment name from the past, it's wreaking havoc in Washington ; draining the swamp.
Here's a real proven  record:√ Cut taxes every year√ Protect unborn after 5 months√ Voter ID law√ Took on WI unions ; won
The American people are tired of listening to politicians talk. Here's what Walker will do ;  
I delivered on my promises in WI and on  I’m ready to deliver on my promises to America. My promises ;  -SW
Chris ; Diana Ager hosted a super house party for us in Amherst, NH! Thanks!!! - SW  
Thanks to the folks who came out to see us at the Pink Cadillac Diner in Rochester, NH! - SW  
 Are you going to delete that apology?
 "I'm sorry about that" isn't an acceptable response for putting your convenience above the safety of the American people.
Behind the Scenes: Governor Walker tears up the New Hampshire roads yesterday on a  
Working Wisconsin families saw an average of $322 back in their pockets last year because of our reforms. 
PHOTO OF THE WEEK: Scott Walker tells South Carolina voters that we need a real reformer to clean up the mess in DC. 
Watch this clip during the protests in WI. We didn't back down then. We won't back down now or in the future.  - SW
The average property tax bill for WI families in 2014 was $131 lower than in 2010 because of Governor Walker's reforms. 
Our reforms saved Wisconsin families an average of $322 and property taxes are lower in 2014 than they were in 2010.
 Gov. dubs his two-day 10-county motorcycle tour the "Full Harley."  
It's clear stands with big government union bosses. Gov. Walker stands with the working class: 
Remember when the big government union bosses tried to intimidate me in 2011? I didn't back down then ; won't when I take on DC. - SW
 is worried because I don't just talk, I get things done. If I can do it in blue state, I can do it in Washington -SW
We took power from the big government union bosses and put it into the hands of hard-working people. That's pro-worker! -SW
Picnic in Rockingham County, 10th and last county on our Harley tour - SW 
Thanks Lino's! A great family-owned restaurant -SW 
Great seeing supporters in Conway, NH - what a beautiful New Hampshire ride today! -SW 
We just hit our 7th county of the weekend in NH with a stop at Munroe's in Coos County! -SW
In Wisconsin, people have the freedom to choose if they want to be in a labor union or not. That's pro-worker!
Another great stop at the 104 Diner in Belknap County, NH - thanks for the welcome sign! -SW 
Maybe the most epic day in campaign history. Hurry, follow "govscottwalker" before they disappear...like someone's emails.
Great stop at Washington General Store. Thanks Guy Eaton for the poem, I am a doer and will be in Washington -SW 
Especially for our Scott Walker supporters, here's 15% off the  store through Monday. 
Great chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream at Kimball Farm! On to Sullivan County! -SW
Just kicked off our Harley Tour of NH from VFW Post 4368 in Milford, NH - on to Jaffrey! - SW 
Can't think of a better way to spend Labor Day weekend than on a Harley in the Live Free or Die state - SW
Ever seen a Governor take a road trip through New Hampshire on a Follow "govscottwalker" today ; you just might! 
Remember when protesters took over the WI Capitol in 2011? We weren't intimidated. We fixed a $3.6 billion deficit 
Nice  TD!
Welcome to the   sale. Get 15% off + free shipping. Gear up:  
Sit back, relax and enjoy this  baseball cap. Now 15% off with code: "LABORDAY." BUY:  
Here are 4 things you might have missed on the  campaign trail this week.  
Thought about grabbing a  t-shirt? Now get 15% off with code "LABORDAY."  
In Wisconsin, we got rid of seniority ; tenure. We hire ; fire based on merit, pay based on performance. That's pro-worker! - SW
Catch up on all the  news with "This Week with Walker." READ:  
Met some wonderful people at Lori's Cafe in Midland, Texas. -SW 
What's better than  gear?  gear that's on sale. Start your Friday &gt;&gt;  
Yes, fans are welcome in the  family. Any other Bears fans out there? 
Haven't been following the  campaign all week? Here's a quick read to catch you up. LINK: 
America is a great country. We need to start acting like it. - SW 
Governor Walker in Sioux City Journal: "America will not be intimidated, neither will I" READ:  
A one-of-a-kind collectors item &gt;&gt; A *signed* Scott Walker rally poster. Grab one:  
Policies being pushed by liberals ; Washington special interests have made things too difficult for American workers. 
Many folks will remember the news coverage of protests at the Wisconsin State Capitol in opposition to our reforms. 
We've gotten away from a government that creates an environment where every worker has a chance to live a piece of the American Dream. - SW
A record I'm proud of:✔️ Took on WI unions and won✔️ Passed right to work✔️ Cut taxes by $4.7 Billion-SW
Start shopping the Official Scott Walker for President store ; gear up for the 2016 election &gt;  
 figures big in  Scott Walker promises ;   
Governor Walker on last night: We need to protect citizens ; law enforcement.
This report is tragic ; shameful. Our vets deserve better:  "307,000 veterans died awaiting
Thanks for having me on again Always great to be on  - SW 
Tonight on former UK Defense Sec said Governor Walker "has certainly got the steel" 
Then ; Now: These two ladies came up from Texas to help elect me Governor in 2010. Ran into them in Dallas today! -SW 
ReTweet and Sign if you agree ;   
Stopped at Bill Miller's BBQ. Had a good time talking to Texas voters in San Antonio - SW  
Catch Governor Walker on the show tonight giving an update from the  campaign trail. 
Governor Walker in "We need a Uniter-in-chief, not a Divider-in-Chief" READ: 
Looking for shade during the dog days of summer. We've got you covered with your  baseball hat. Get it HERE: 
"After years of division under America needs a leader who will seek to unite all Americans." 
Scott Walker defends freedom and democracy, not the funding of state-sponsored terror. Tell him you agree:  
In TX today, I spoke out about the tragic killing of Harris Co. Deputy Darren Goforth. We need to support those who protect us! - SW
Washington cannot fold its cards because the task is hard. This  CANNOT go through. - SW  
FLASHBACK: In May, Scott Walker in Oklahoma calls for ending US ban on crude oil exports:  
Great to be in Dallas. Stopped at Highland Park Soda Fountain to grab a bite and meet Texas voters. - SW  
Our deepest thanks to all our WWII veterans for their bravery and sacrifice on the 70th Anniversary of 
 if you agree ;"Scott Walker to Senate: Get rid of the filibuster, repeal  with 51-vote majority" 
Your wake-up routine isn't complete without a  morning mug. Start your morning HERE:  
 and the Hackers"  &lt;-- Good column on Hillary Clinton's e-mail scandal. - SW
Washington Times reports  emails contained spy satellite data on North Korean nukes." READ: 
Washington politicians should defund Planned Parenthood like we did in WI. The time is now:  - SW 
Fall is just around the corner. Stay warm this year with your  Fleece:  
Longest serving US spokesman at UN in history, says Scott Walker "Exactly Right" on China: 
Looks like Big Labor is finding a soft candidate in seeking labor ally in 
How much do you know about Governor Walker's record? Here are 10 questions with Scott Walker from 
The Left is on the attack again because they know Scott Walker fights ; wins for hardworking Americans. Get his back: 
Start your semester off right. Don't forget your  laptop sticker. BUY:  
Photo of the week: Walker loves  but this one was too adorable not to share.  
What do sweaters a and have in common? HINT: The Governor of Wisconsin: 
Governor Walker on more evidence released that put our national security at risk.
Nice story about my love for my hunting, ; beer!  - SW
When I'm president, we will enforce the law. There will be no sanctuary cities.  - SW
Had a beer with ; some of his pals on campus. - SW 
Stopped by apartment on campus ; had late dinner at Miss Katie's Diner with him. - SW
"Walker defends record, declares he's tested" &gt;&gt;  in
"American leadership is back and together with our allies, we will not surrender another inch of ground." 
This is not an email scandal. It's a national security scandal. put her own interests ahead of America's. - SW
About 150 more of emails have been designated as containing classified information. - SW
Double up on your  support with our two sticker deal:  
We defunded Planned Parenthood even before these vile videos came out. Defund them nationwide:  
Grab a signed copy of Scott Walker's book "Unintimidated" while supplies last. BUY:  
The time to act is now. We must end this bad  Add your name &gt;&gt;  
NEW VIDEO: Governor Walker is committed on  to terminating this bad deal with 
Governor Walker welcomes former Virginia Attorney General Jerry Kilgore to  Team: 
 support for the  shows she cannot be trusted to support Israel.  
We need to think more about the next generation than about the next election. That's what we did in WI! - SW 
Law enforcement expressed concerns to me about border security. I won’t ignore them. - SW 
Having a secure border is a legitimate concern for the safety of our nation. - SW 
You have to read these five lines from Governor Walker's speech Friday. ;   

Did you miss Governor Walker on this morning? Watch the full interview here. 
 thanks for having me on this morning. - SW
Demand that Congress reject the bad  deal ;  
Grab a  coffee mug and watch Governor Walker on at 10AM CT. Mug ;  
These 5 lines from Scott Walker's speech are exactly the reasons we need him to be president:  
Catch Scott Walker on tomorrow discussing his strategy for taking on radical Islamic terrorism on  
Great seeing both of you today. - SW 
We can no longer afford to be passive spectators while the world descends into chaos. - SW   
Fist bump! 
Wonderful to meet and talk with so many young Republicans, the next generation of leaders and activists. -SW 
Thanks to the amazing group of college students who came out today in Virginia. - SW  
 TOMORROW: joins w - tune in!     
Ensuring Americans’ safety is a president's  priority. That's why as commander in chief, I'd terminate the bad  deal on day one. -SW
It’s shameful that Obama ; Clinton have ignored Amir’s plight while making repeated concessions to  to secure this bad deal. -SW
4 yrs ago, Iranian agents arrested Marine vet Amir Hekmati on bogus charges ; he remains in an Iranian prison to this day. - SW 
A strong military is important not because we want to fight, but so we don’t have to.   
Thanks to everyone who came to our BBQ in Charlottesville, Virginia! - SW 
Happy Birthday to a true American patriot - SW
In the real world, when you fail at one job you don’t get promoted to another.  
Tomorrow marks the fourth anniversary of the capture of former U.S. Marine Amir Hekmati.  \ 
Missed today's foreign policy address? Here are five lines you need to see.   
Happy to meet with voters at Blackstone's Cafe in Beaufort, SC. - SW  
5 lines from Governor Walker's speech earlier today that you don't want to miss:   
Just filed paperwork with Chair Matt Moore to be on the ballot in 2016! - SW  
America's future is bright with these young men ; women. Thanks again to all the cadets for a warm welcome today. -SW 
Testing whether accomplishments look better with new formats. Turns out still nothing. 
Governor Walker visiting with cadets at The Citadel earlier today.  
Now is not the time for untested leadership. I have been tested like no other candidate in this race. - SW  
Governor Walker said it again today - He's not going to be intimidated. Add your name if you're not either:  
We need to stand with our friends and allies. Our allies are among our greatest source of strength.   
"I will terminate it on Day One...Unlike others, I don’t need months or years to mull this over."   

Anyone who believes the answer to this question is yes should vote for  
 knew that a video wasn't to blame for  attacks, but she said it anyway.  
A year ago admitted he didn’t have an ISIS strategy. I’ll reveal my plan to defeat ISIS today:  - SW
Governor Walker is giving a major foreign policy address at 11:15 AM CT today. Watch it live:  
Governor Walker in Real Clear Politics: "Our China Policy Must Be Based on Strength" READ:  
MUST READ: Scott Walker's op-ed on China's aggressive behavior and calling on U.S. to restore strength overseas: 
At the Citadel for my speech on foreign policy and the threat presented by radical Islamic terrorism. - SW 
Thanks and for having me on this morning.  - SW
 Coming up: Wisconsin Governor and presidential candidate Scott Walker joins the conversation. 
Catch Governor Walker on around 6:30 AM CT previewing today's major foreign policy address. 
Tomorrow at 11:15 AM CT, Governor Walker will deliver a major foreign policy speech. Here's how to watch LIVE: 
 Tune in for tomorrow  
 has some audacity when under her leadership actual terrorists have flourished. - SW
It's been great Iowa. I'll be back again soon. - SW   
56% of Americans want Congress to reject the   and SIGN if you're one of them:  
 the only thing extreme is taking a position that doesn't protect these lives.  
Do you think Obama should honor China with a state visit after repeated cyberattacks? Weigh in: 
Great to see so many local voters from Guthrie County, IA out showing their support. Thanks for coming out. - SW 
Here's how you can watch Governor Walker's major foreign policy speech live tomorrow:  
Great to meet ; visit with so many Adair County voters today. Always good to be in Iowa. - SW  
  joins us TOMORROW!  
Your mornings will never be the same again. Get yours:   
For your morning read: "Walker Stakes His Territory on Foreign Policy" via  
Stopped in to Darrell's Place to grab a bite and meet Auduban County, IA voters. - SW  
Show that you're supporting Scott Walker today with an official  campaign t-shirt:  
Thanks Nancy Boettger and Shelby County GOP for hosting tonight's  event.  - SW 
We need to continue the work started 95 years ago to empower the next generation of women to have even more opportunities 
Scott Walker's pro-life reforms continue to protect life in Wisconsin.  if you support.  
 and SIGN if you think should show some backbone and cancel China's state visit  
Another great  event meeting Harrison County, IA voters. Thanks Penny's Diner for hosting. - SW 
Great meeting Monona County, IA voters today at Miller’s Kitchen. Thanks for coming out to say hello. - SW  
VIDEO: "I am not intimidated. I will fight for the American people, over and over and over again."
Nice group of folks joined us at Cronk's Cafe in Denison, Iowa. - SW  
American Made + Free Shipping + it supports Scott Walker. Get one ;   
We shouldn't be rewarding China with a state visit. Sign to tell Obama to cancel the visit: 
Wear your support on your sleeve with our stylish  tee. Get shopping today! 
Try your next beverage with a side of big, bold, reforms. Get a Scott Walker mug today!  
Caps off for big, bold, reforms. Get your  hat today! 
Can you really trust to lower education costs when she charged colleges up to $225,000 just to speak on campus? - SW
 your education plan calls for more government spending and higher taxes. I froze in-state tuition for 4 years. - SW
PHOTO OF THE WEEK. Scott Walker meets with veterans during a VFW round table in New Hampshire last week.  
Mark your calendars. Governor Walker is delivering a major foreign policy speech this Friday at 11:15 AM CT. More details to follow.
For the sake of IA students, let’s hope drops her $200K-plus speaking fee when she visits Iowa colleges today.
Tragic loss of and this morning. Our prayers go out to their friends, family and the entire news crew. - SW
Looking forward to being in Iowa tomorrow sharing our strong record of reform in WI and how we can bring those reforms to America. - SW
Stopped by apartment on UW campus. Nice view of state Capitol. - SW 
 calls opponents of the  "the crazies." Tell Obama, you're not crazy:  
 if you agree we need to send the power of the federal government back to the states. 
What do you do when you have a surplus? Return it to the taxpayers. They know how best to spend it  
Making more in Wisconsin. We've added more than 36k manufacturing jobs, the 5th highest in the nation.  
Wisconsin’s hiring climate continues to soar. We're now the 4th best in the nation.  
"This Is How Scott Walker Wants to Take a Stand Against China" READ:  
A $3 billion deficit inherited on day one and 3 balanced budgets later, Wisconsin continues moving forward.  
Here's your chance to grab a signed copy of Scott Walker's book "Unintimidated." Get one today  
We can't let China continue its aggression. We need to start showing some backbone. Cancel their state visit: 
Obama calls opponents of  "crazies," because its crazy to oppose giving a regime calling for our downfall a path to a nuclear bomb?
Add your name: Tell to cancel China's state visit:   
 calls opponents of  "the crazies"  via
"How Scott Walker's Bargain Hunting at Informs His Economic Policy" via  
"I am the only one who stood up to 100K protesters, stood up to the big union bosses. I'll stand up to Washington."
The choice is yours. Go bold:   
"Scott Walker Calls on to Cancel Chinese State Visit"  
Join me in calling on to cancel China's state visit:   - SW 
Happy Birthday to my friend Georgia Governor - SW
Americans have sense of urgency. I feel it too. We want to save our country. It wasn't too late for WI. It's not too late for America. -SW
Thanks to hollow pivot to Asia, China isn’t afraid to undermine U.S. interests. - SW
Backbone needed: will honor Chinese President with state dinner after massive Chinese cyberattacks on U.S. – SW
Honored to see the important work being done at Carolina Pregnancy Center today - SW 
 and Sign if you think should cancel China's state visit:   
Obama-Clinton Doctrine: No consequences for China undermining U.S. interests, but invites Chinese President for dinner. - SW
 HT: Excellent idea by to cancel PRC's state visit by President Xi Jinping: 
Enjoyed speaking at Jeff Duncan's Faith and Freedom BBQ this evening. Thanks for the warm South Carolina welcome. -SW 
Don't let comments go unanswered. Stand with Scott Walker:  
"Politicians in [DC] are spending money taxpayers don’t have...; they aren't doing enough to keep our homeland safe." 
They're at it again. Launching baseless, personal attacks against Walker. Stand with Scott:  
We offer our sincere condolences to friends ; family of OK Labor Commissioner Mark Costello. Tonette ; I are praying for his loved ones. -SW
 should focus on holding China accountable over its increasing attempts to undermine U.S. interests. - SW
We need to see some backbone from Obama on U.S.-China relations. He needs to cancel Chinese President Xi Jinping's state visit. - SW
Americans are struggling to cope with the fall in today's markets driven in part because China actively manipulates their economy. - SW
"Our reforms put money back in the hands of Wisconsin workers and families through $2 billion in tax cuts." READ: 
Here are a few things you might have missed last week on the  campaign:  
Made especially for our lady patriots supporting Scott Walker. Get yours:   
Thanks to all of the folks who turned out in Fort Mill, SC! - SW  
"Our country faces many challenges, but it is not too late to turn things around if we go big and go bold in America" 
Very happy to announce Liz Christoffersen as New Hampshire Senior Adviser. Welcome to the  team Liz. - SW 
Loved seeing American ingenuity in action at Carotek in Matthews, NC. Strong manufacturers means a strong America.-SW 
"Time and again, we fought and won for hard-working taxpayers, passing a host of reforms that shook the status quo." 
For your morning reads: "We deserve a president who will fight, win" from Scott Walker: 
Honor to speak 9th annual Boots ; Jeans, BBQ and Beans. Thanks for the warm welcome Tennessee! - SW 
Dropped in a watching party in Nashville.  - SW 
This morning on Governor Walker discusses his strong record of reform ; economic success in Wisconsin: 
Met Finley in Birmingham, AL. She wants to be President some day ; get rid of taxes. I like the Finley Plan! -SW 
Happy Birthday to my friend Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam! -SW
Enjoyed spending church this morning at the Church of Brook Hills in Birmingham. Thanks for welcoming me. - SW
Stopped for a snack outside the ABC studio right after interview in Birmingham. - SW 
"Some emails classified from Day 1: report" ; 
WATCH Scott Walker discuss his plan to repeal ; replace  secure the borders and enforce the laws.
Wisconsin school districts can set their own high standards and can't be forced to use common core. 
Saw the Bart Starr exhibit at the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame. - SW 
Just grabbed some great ribs at Dreamland BBQ in Birmingham with Sen. Majority Leader Greg Reed. - SW  
"Scott Walker has clear message for I'm not scared"  
Checking out some at Barber Motorsports. - SW  
Great  event at Barber Motorsports in Alabama. Thanks George Barber for hosting. - SW 
Once in a lifetime experience to be on the track at Talladega Superspeedway! -SW 
Great to see so many Alabama voters at the AL Summer Luncheon. Thanks for having me. - SW  
True heroism from US Marines who stopped terrorist attack in France today. New meaning to the phrase: No Better Friend, No Worse Enemy - SW
It's been a busy week on the  campaign. Catch up with these four things you might have missed:  
WI Assembly was always great on reforms. So was much of WI Senate - including Sen. Fitzgerald. Some needed convincing. - SW
Here are four things you don't want to miss that happened this week with Scott Walker. READ:  
FRIDAY special: buy a signed Scott Walker book and get a free bumper sticker:  
See that liberal protesters identified their threat at the  event in Ohio even though I'm in NH today. -SW 
READ: "An Unfiltered Interview with Scott Walker"  via
Our economic policies are working to help raise people up and get them the jobs they need to be successful.  
Truly secure border ; enforce laws. Nothing else matters on immigration issue if you don't do this first. That's my point. - SW
Enjoyed spending time this afternoon at the VFW in Derry, NH thanking our veterans for their service. - SW  
FRIDAY special: buy a Scott Walker t-shirt and get a free  bumper sticker:  
Our veterans deserve the best care this nation can provide. America should be waiting on them. They shouldn't be waiting on us. - SW
 team welcomes Alabama Senate Majority Leader Greg Reed as state campaign chair ; 
Had a wonderful time at Politics ; Eggs this morning talking about my vision for new leadership in America.  -SW 
Your must read this morning "An Unfiltered Interview with Scott Walker"  via
Did you miss Scott Walker on with last night discussing his  repeal ; replace plan? Watch here: 
Great town hall in Grafton County this evening. It was great to talk with New Hampshire voters   - SW 
Had a beer with some of the vets at the Whiteman-Davidson American Legion Post 49 in Northfield, NH. - SW  
Wisconsin’s hiring climate continues to soar. We're now the 4th best in the nation.  
Just released new video contrasting Walker's bold  repeal and replace plan with Obama's broken promises.
Looking forward to another great townhall in New Hampshire today. See you in Grafton County tonight.   - SW
Great to see so many Sullivan County voters at One Mile West Restaurant today. Thanks for coming out. - SW  
Gear up with a Scott Walker t-shirt:  You'll want one for the next  rally near you. 
Federal judge says private email violated federal government policy: 
Behind the Scenes: Walker reviews notes yesterday as he prepares for a great trip through New Hampshire.  
3 years ago, Obama made his infamous "red line" comment. Bashar Assad ignored the president’s hollow warning.- SW 
Thanks to Walter and Jim Morse for hosting today. Great having everyone out in Hillsboro today. - SW   
For all of the fighting the politicians in Washington do, victories on behalf of the taxpayers are few ; far between: 
Instead of lower costs ; expand coverage,  has caused insurance premiums across the country to spike. 
Politicians talk, leaders deliver. I've delivered for my state ; it's about time all Americans had a leader to deliver for them. -SW
Congratulations Linda Upmeyer on being selected as new Iowa House Speaker. I know you'll do a great job leading  - SW
FACT: At $279 million, Wisconsin's rainy day fund is the largest it has ever been in state history.  
If you're looking for a reason to vote for me, I'll give you ten ;   - SW 
We said we'd cut taxes and we did.  
If we want to get our economy growing again we need more than good speeches ; campaign promises. We need RESULTS: 
Our prayers go out to President Carter ; his family. - SW
READ: Scott Walker blogs "Politicians Talk, Leaders Deliver" and how he's delivered for Wisconsin ; can for America: 
2010: WI ranked 41st best state for business. 2015: WI ranks 12th best state for business.  
Thanks Chris Wolfe for hosting the  house party this evening. It was a great time. - SW 
I expanded school choice in WI so parents across Wisconsin could have the ability to choose the school that's best for their child. - SW
 stands with the ruling class instead of the middle class. - SW  
PICS: Scott Walker takes health care questions from New Hampshire voters at a townhall at Turbocam.  
It’s high time that we stop partisan arguments and start putting kids first. - SW  
Get your copy of Scott Walker's  repeal and replace plan today.   
 Your gif runs about as smooth as  on launch day.
WATCH Scott Walker discuss his new health care plan with tonight at 6PM CT. Read the plan: 
One of the biggest problems with  is the massive federal bureaucracy it created. The Walker plan returns power to the states.
Walker's proposal is "consistent with conservative principles ; a credible replacement for   
Thank you to Campbell Brown and Betsy DeVos for the great Education Summit!  - SW 
Headed over to Turbocam for a health care townhall with New Hampshire voters! - SW 
Given the opportunity, would finish what she started with HillaryCare. We can't let that happen. 
 needs to go once and for all.  if you agree. READ Walker's plan to replace it:  
Scott Walker in "Get DC out of our health care"  
In Wisconsin, school districts can’t be forced into Common Core.  if you think local schools and parents should be in the drivers seat.
We should be sending federal funds to states so parents can send their kids to their school of choice including charter schools. 
Defund Common Core-based tests: ✔  Allow school districts to opt out of Common Core: ✔
Unelected bureaucrats should not be making decisions about how we educate our kids from hundreds of miles away. 
How we expanded choice for Wisconsin parents: school choice is now statewide ; there's a private school tax deduction 
 "Walker has presented the best [ObamaCare] plan yet from a presidential candidate"  
12 photos from last night's event that will make you feel like you were in the room. Start scrolling ;  
Read Scott Walker in the making the case for repealing  and outlining his replacement plan: 
Happy Birthday to my friends ; - SW
Very proud to welcome these three great New Hampshire leaders to the  team:  - SW
Looking forward to participating in the New Hampshire Education Summit today ; discussing Wisconsin's important education reforms. -SW
 "Walker’s [ObamaCare] plan draws on the best conservative thinking on health care"  
 Editorial Board: "Scott Walker offers a realistic and promising [health care] reform"  
More conservative praise for our Day One Patient Freedom Plan:  - SW 
Great feedback from Conservatives about our "Day One Patient Freedom Plan" to repeal ; replace   -SW
Read the details of my plan to repeal and replace  here:  - SW 
Showing the guys at Cass Screw how to take a  - SW  
On Scott Walker discussed his plan to repeal and replace  
"12 photos from today's speech that will make you feel like you were there"  Dive in:  
Missed this morning's  repeal ; replace speech? You can watch it here:  
Thanks for having me on tonight - SW 
I would get rid of  red tape that is driving up the costs of these health care plans. - SW  
Millennials' premiums in Iowa, Minnesota and Nevada are on the rise and we need to repeal this bad law.  
Looking forward to being on with at 5PM CT today to discuss my  repeal ; replace plan. 
Head over to  to read Scott Walker's  repeal ; replace plan.  
 amounts to one giant broken promise. Under it would only get worse.  
 regulations give Americans LESS freedom, not more. We need to reverse that trend.  
Thanks to Cass Screw for hosting us today to unveil our  repeal and replace plan. - SW  
Scott Walker's  repeal and replace plan is out. Read it for yourself:   
Stand with Scott Walker's  repeal ; replace plan. Get the facts and add your name:  
As the mother of  wanted an even more liberal law. We can't let that happen.  
Millions of people were pushed out of their preferred health plans and restricted access to their doctors.  
It's clear that we need to provide the American people with more options for how they get the health care they need. 
Returning health care decisions to the local state level keeps the power out of Washington and where it needs to be. 
Like many of bad policies, the American taxpayers are footing the bill for this failed law.  
My plan amounts to a tax cut on day one, instead of the crippling taxes of   - SW 
Instead of lower premiums, the cost of Washington's new regulations ; taxes are being passed on to American families. 
We need to repeal  in its entirety.  if you agree.  
I'm not just going to tell you what I'm against but what I'm for. Read the details of my  repeal plan:  -SW
We need to repeal  immediately. Here's my plan for how we replace it:  - SW 
 gets out front with Obamacare replacement plan"   via
"Scott Walker to Unveil Plan to Repeal, Replace  READ:  
We must secure the border, enforce our laws and ensure our legal immigration system prioritizes working families and wages. - SW
 attacks my effort to fix the broken immigration system to distract from her email scandal. -SW 
We should be enforcing the laws on the books, not rewarding illegal activity like wants to do. – SW 
Our southern border isn’t secure, just like email server. -SW 
Ahead of major  policy rollout,  announces Minnesota campaign co chairs: 
Had a great time at  eating some great food, talking with Iowans and enjoying a beer too. - SW  
It shouldn't be called ObamaCare, but ObamaCosts. Reserve your copy of the  repeal plan:  
Watch this video about my visit to the   - SW 
A pork chop ; a Summer Shandy. Bringing IA ; WI together at the   So good! So good! - SW 
Heading back to school? Don't leave your laptop lonely. Get a  laptop sticker today:  
TOMORROW: Scott Walker is set to roll out his full  repeal ; replace plan. Get the details first ; 
 “Highly Likely” There’s A Backup Server With Emails VIDEO: 
 Lt. Gov. had a great time showing around the fair this morning!   
Wondering what went on last week on the  campaign? Get up to speed:  
The  speech and repeal rollout is tomorrow at 10. Reserve your copy here:   
Just added to the store for back to school ;  laptop stickers. BUY:  
Most Republican candidates talk about defunding Planned Parenthood. Walker has actually done it. 
Scott Walker at  "I am not intimidated." WATCH and  if you know America needs this kind of leader. 
Scott Walker vs. on Planned Parenthood WATCH:  
In my 1st year in office I signed a law allowing concealed carry in Wisconsin. We need to protect our 2nd Amendment rights.  -SW
Hurry and follow. These snaps will disappear faster than emails. 
We need to make it easier to vote and harder to cheat.  if you agree we need  laws nationwide. 
Have you reserved your copy of Scott Walker's  repeal and replace plan yet? Reserve yours now:  
Headed to Iowa tonight. Ready for the fair in the morning! - SW 
By June 2017, the value of these tax cuts will rise to a total of $4.76 billion for the six-year period. -SW 
Great time with tonight! Can't wait to be back in Nevada. - SW  
Thanks for the warm welcome. Great to be in Nevada! - SW 
Headed over to with Gov. Bob List (NV  Chair) and more supporters. - SW
Great to see Nevada AG Adam Laxalt today at the inaugural Basque Fry. - SW  
T-Shirts are stocked in your three favorite colors: red, white and blue. Buy now ;   
Had a great time at the Basque Fry in Gernerville today. Looking forward to being back in NV many times this fall.-SW 
Set your calendar for Tuesday morning. Scott Walker is rolling out his  repeal and replace plan.  
It’s clear. Wisconsin's tax credit for manufacturing businesses is producing results.  
When you fight, stand strong and win. Our Act 10 reforms saved WI taxpayers $3 billion.  
SPEED READ: Take four minutes to catch up on four things you might have missed from Scott Walker's week:  
Just caught some of disappearing emails on - SW 
Reserve your copy of Scott Walker's  repeal ; replace plan here:   
Seat 22 F (last row) on the flight to Reno, NV. - SW  
I'm heading on tonight around 8:25PM CT to discuss my plan to repeal ; replace  releasing next week. - SW 
Catch up on Scott Walker's week with "This Week with Walker"   
Sign up to receive Scott Walker's  repeal and replace plan in your inbox ;  
While was driving college costs up by charging schools exorbitant speaking fees, I was busy freezing tuition for students-SW
 In fact, I froze tuition for four years in a row across the University of Wisconsin system. - SW 
Sign up to receive Scott Walker's  repeal and replace plan in your inbox. 
DID YOU KNOW you can get Walker's  repeal ; replace plan in your inbox as soon as it's released? Sign up: 
With ObamaCare, Democrats did what they always do. They decided to use hard-earned taxpayer dollars to create a massive new federal program.
And we're back with "This Week with Walker."  Catch up on the busy  week with these 4 things.
Cap off another great  week with the Walker for President baseball hat:  
Mark your calendars for Tuesday, August 18. Scott Walker is releasing his full  repeal and replace plan. 
Proud to welcome these Georgia  co-chairs to the team:  - SW
I will soon be releasing a plan to reverse every single destructive  policy and make health care more affordable. - SW 
Grab a signed Scott Walker book today, we'll throw in a free bumper sticker. BUY:   
Nearly 150,000 jobs have been created since Scott Walker took office.  
We must repeal  in its entirety as soon as possible. But we can’t stop there. We need a replacement that fixes its problems. -SW
Scott Walker Op-Ed in "We Don’t Like ObamaCare, and We Don’t Have to Keep It"  
 EXCLUSIVE: Top secret emails include drone talk" 
DID YOU KNOW you can get Walker's  repeal ; replace plan in your inbox as soon as it's released? Sign Up: 
We don’t like the president’s health care plan, and we don’t want to keep it. - SW  
Let’s be honest.  was nothing more than a bait and switch. But Americans never took the bait. - SW 
 . GA leadership team includes Rep. Coomer 
Grab the Navy  tee:  It matches well with red and white! 
 continues her attacks over defunding PP, outlawing 20+ week abortions, reforming unions...MORE:  -SW
Here are just five of the most recent and ridiculous attacks from  
We're going to fight to ensure that the next generation has a better American Dream that the one we had.  
Had a great time talking about our big, bold reforms in neighboring Wisconsin with DuPage County GOP. - SW  
 thanks for the warm Chicago welcome. Great to see you again. - SW  
We've let this go on for too long. It's time to defund Planned Parenthood. Sign if you agree:  
Grab the  bumper sticker two pack and share one with a friend. SHOP:  
"These weren’t just ordinary secrets found in Clinton’s private server, but some of the most classified material..." 
Re: emails, it's either illegal (she knew) or incompetence (she didn't know what Top Secret info is). - SW
 is NOT a place to do business with. Add you name if you agree:  
MORNING READ: "The Spy Satellite Secrets in Emails" ; 
Happy 49th Anniversary to my parents Pat ; Llew Walker. - SW  
My niece Eva ; I went down the big slide at the  - SW 
The 5 most recent attacks from and why they are ridiculous:  
"SCOTT WALKER: Education Plan Benefits Her Liberal Academic Friends, Not Students"  
Sign this petition if you agree: secure the border first ; enforce the nation's laws   
The commonsense conservative reforms we’ve enacted in Wisconsin are changing peoples’ lives for the better.  
This attack coming from someone who charged universities $225,000 to give speeches. is  
 is making promises to students while peddling policies that will only result in higher tuition costs and tax increases. -SW
 are at it again. I need your support to continue fighting off these baseless attacks. Stand with me  SW
I've faced vicious attacks before and defeated them every time. attacks are no different. - SW 
 is desperate ; doing everything she can to distract Americans from the truth. -SW 
Top secret emails on server is a serious and potentially criminal offense. -SW 
Scott Walker is under attack again from and Stand up and fight:  
 takes aim at Scott Walker again. Don't let the attacks go unchallenged. Stand with Walker. 
Scott Walker on False Democrat talking points won’t work VIDEO:  
Thanks to everyone who came out for us at Granite Peak in Wausau. - SW
Tuition is frozen at the University of Wisconsin, making higher education more affordable for WI students ; families. 
 takes aim at Scott Walker again. Don't let attacks go unchallenged. Stand with Walker 
When are launching attacks, you know you're doing something right. Stand with me:   - SW
When are launching attacks, you know you're doing something right. Stand with me:   - SW
 takes aim at Scott Walker again. Don't let attacks go unchallenged. Stand with Walker 
 I'm only governor in WI history to freeze tuition 4 years in a row - SW 
"The cost of [$350B] plan...would raise [taxes] more than $600 billion" in taxes: 
 I’ve frozen in-state tuition rates for four years, while you charged colleges $225K+ just to show up. -SW
 attacks me again, but there's only one candidate who's openly campaigning on a massive new tax hike and that's Hillary. -SW
Before taking office, Wisconsin had lost over 130K jobs and the unemployment rate was 8.1%.  
The Walker Record: Today, 91% of job creators believe WI is headed in the right direction. Up from only 10% in 2010. 
Former Nevada Gov. Bob List: "I am excited to announce my support today for Gov. Scott Walker."  
2010: WI ranked 41st best state for business. 2015: WI ranks 12th best state for business.  
 already rated this Democrat talking point "mostly false."  
I'm proud to announce and welcome to the team former Governor Bob List as the Nevada  chairman.  - SW
Want to grab a  signed rally poster? Here's your chance:  
Great to be at Buffalo Phil's in the Wisconsin Dells! - SW
"Scott Walker Wins Former Nevada Governor's Backing Ahead of Visit"  
Our focus should be on unity as "One Nation." attacks are another example of how she'd further divide this nation. - SW
 hits me for calling for "unity" after tragedies like S.C. Her kind of rhetoric is the kind of thing that divides us. - SW
Scott Walker will be on around 7:10 AM Central. Grab your cup of coffee and tune in to 
Secure the border. Enforce the laws on the books. No Amnesty. Add your name if you agree:  
Scott Walker takes 60 second challenge. WATCH:  
 Gov. joins me live tonight at 7 pm ET on 
"I Want to Talk About MORE ;  via 
Scott Walker in "Ten Ways We Turned Wisconsin Around" READ:   
How many questions can Scott Walker answer in 60 seconds. Find out here:  
 is the real opponent.  if you agree:  
Mr. President, the 2nd Amendment is part of the Constitution. You can't ignore it. SIGN if you stand with the  
 &lt;-- Here are 10 ways our conservative reforms turned Wisconsin around. - SW 
Walker on The person we should be focusing our attention on is and how can beat her: 
 on "What the Walker Family Did Before And During Thursday Night’s   
Catch Scott Walker on this morning right after 9AM Central. 
Dinner at Charlotte airport. - SW  
If you want someone who will fight and win and get positive results without compromising our conservative principles, I'm your candidate.-SW
In contrast, I'm a new leader who took on the Washington-based special interests ; got positive results w/out compromising principle. -SW
 is a name from the past who embodies what is wrong with Washington and she doesn't have positive results to point to. -SW
Thanks to York County  supporters for the very warm welcome. Great to be in South Carolina. - SW 
Got a photo next to the peach outside FATZ cafe. You might recognize it from House of Cards Season 1. - SW 
My 1st job was washing dishes. Saying hi to the crew working hard at Wade's in Spartanburg, SC. -SW 
Great to be in Spartanburg. Stopped in at Wade's to mingle with folks after church. - SW  
Enjoyed a wonderful church service at First Baptist North Spartanburg this morning. - SW
Wonderful gathering of GOP grassroots in Anderson, SC tonight. Thanks to Rep. Joshua Putnam for hosting! -SW 
Aaron Rodgers doesn't trash talk his opponents. He lets his actions on the field show you what kind of player he is.  MVP -SW
It's always a  ham sandwich for me - SW 
Thursday's  eight moments behind-the-scenes as seen through the camera lens:  
Every law abiding citizen has a right to own a gun.  and SIGN if you agree:   
Guess what kind of sandwich I'm grabbing from on the way to SC? -SW 
 won’t even tell the American people where she stands on the Keystone Pipeline. I can and I will: I'll approve day one. -SW
 biggest accomplishment as Sec. of State is leaving every country she touched more messed up than when she took office.-SW
 One reason why Scott Walker needs to be our next President.  
Today, Iran’s rulers see our sitting president as weak. would only weaken, not strengthen our position overseas. 
3 ways is too radical: defends Planned Parenthood, supports Obamas immigration executive order, wants more liberal ObamaCare
 hasn't taken the stage yet, but was a great sport taking time to stop and snap a pic with me 👍  
All Republicans should be united in stopping the one candidate in this race we all want to beat: -SW 
Walker delivers best line of attack against at the first   
Looking forward to being at  later today and talking about my vision for new leadership in America. - SW
Scott Walker is keynoting today's  at 3:30 PM Central. You can watch live here:  
Stopped for some BBQ lunch at in Atlanta. Thanks for the warm welcome. - SW  
Which of Walker's lines was your favorite? Here are the top 5 from debate night:   
 Chairman: "We are going to outwork every other campaign and candidate in the race." 
Looking forward to a great day in Georgia of BBQ,  and talking about getting America back on track. - SW 
 is a tough interview. Being POTUS is tougher. candidates ; media need to get back to how we're going to turn US around.-SW
I agree with there's no excuse for Trump's comments. Stand with -SW
Experience the Cleveland  in eight photos.  
Five Scott Walker lines from last night's  that you must read:  
Ate at the original in Georgia.  - SW 
Relive last night's  through eight photos. Start browsing:   
Didn't catch the  or just want to see the highlights? Here are the five quotes you need to read: 
Happy Birthday to Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch! - SW
"I'll take a corned beef sandwich on rye with a side of potato salad and a lemonade.  
I'm proud to announce and welcome as my  Georgia campaign chair.  - SW
Walker to the real opponent in the race is and his record can beat her.  
READ: Walker focused his criticism not on his fellow Republicans, but on Democratic front-runner - 
I've got a record of fighting ; winning against I'm not going to back down from the tough fights. - SW 
Obama economy: 5.3% unemployment ; tough jobs market. WI economy: 4.6% unemployment ; pro job. It's not too late for the US. -SW 
Didn't catch the full  last night. Here are some of Scott's best lines in 90 seconds.  
How the US would respond to Vladimir Putin and Russia under a Scott Walker presidency WATCH:  
FACT: Wisconsin’s rainy day fund is 165x larger since Scott Walker took office.  
Who would you rather have, a governor from California or a Senator from Illinois?  
Instead of asking Obama's maybe we should be asking Vladimir Putin what was in Hillary's emails. 
  Instead of picking fights with Republicans, bring the fight back to  
Scott Walker talks winning  performance with on WATCH:  
Tonight I made the case against and showed why I'm best prepared to take her on in 2016  -SW 
Stock up on one of these three things more popular than polls. Get yours:  
Scott Walker's one line against from tonight's  you won't wanna miss:  
Catch Scott Walker on tonight   
 Congratulations Hannah, you're getting a poster! Check your DM for details.
I’m a guy with a wife, two kids and a Harley. I ran for Governor because I was worried about my sons’ future. -SW 
Russia ; China know more about email server than Congress       
With Obama-Clinton policies,  has encountered years of weakness. The US needs a leader that puts steel in front of our enemies.
 nuclear agreement with  will be remembered as one of America's worst diplomatic failures.  
People like think you grow the economy by growing Washington. In reality, you grow the economy by the exact opposite.
We need a president who will terminate the bad  on day one.  if you agree!   
Wisconsin’s unemployment rate is on a streak: 54 straight months below the national average.   
What do you do when you have a surplus? Return it to the taxpayers. They know how best to spend it   
Wisconsin’s reforms are working: Labor force participation is higher than the national average under 
We're back for another giveaway! This time it's a rally poster. Let's see if we can get to 300 ; one could be yours. 
Everywhere in the world where played a major role is now more messed up than the day she and took office.
Now, more than ever, we need to embrace and support our ally Israel.  if you agree! 
America needs a president who will pull back from President Obama’s unlawful executive actions on immigration on day one. 
Enforce the laws. Secure the border. Use e-verify. Prioritize the American Worker and American wages.  
Planned Parenthood must be defunded nationwide.  and SIGN if you agree.   
Every life deserves to be protected, which is why we defunded Planned Parenthood in WI.   
Taxpayer money shouldn’t be funding an organization that supports these vile acts. Add your name.  
😉
 two pack bumper sticker special. Grab one before the offer ends:   
It's just about time.  if you're with me. - SW  
 Showtime!   
Congratulations and you're our  winners tonight. We'll DM you for details.
 We're under an hour away! Who's fired up? 🇺🇸  
 First time ever putting a political sticker in my car. is the reason. Real leadership.   
The Walker Record: Today, 91% of job creators believe WI is headed in the right direction. Up from only 10% in 2010. 
We're giving away a bumper sticker pack to one lucky Retweeter. Get to 100 s and we'll pick two. Winning number to be revealed in 15. GO!
We need a president who will terminate the bad  on day one.  if you agree!  
This year I repealed the 48-hour waiting period on handgun purchases.  and SIGN if you support:  - SW
President Obama is making a deal that’s bad for America and bad for our allies. Add your voice today.  
There are some things up for debate, others are not. THIS is a great t-shirt. BUY ONE:  
Don't miss out on any of the  by watching LIVE. Here's how:  Cheer on Scott using 
Under Scott Walker's leadership, Wisconsin's unemployment went from 8.1% to 4.6%.  
America needs a leader who will take big, bold action. Chip in to keep up the momentum! 
I reiterated my support for  when meeting We must start treating  like an ally.-SW 
Tuition is frozen at the University of Wisconsin, making higher education more affordable for WI students ; families. 
In Wisconsin, school districts can’t be forced into Common Core.  if you think local schools and parents should be in the drivers seat.
This is what I'll be seeing from my podium at  later tonight. -SW  
Now in blue -- refresh your avatar for tonight's  and show you're supporting  
Before taking office, Wisconsin had lost over 130K jobs and the unemployment rate was 8.1%.  
 looking forward to watching you. 
 Debate night  
Walker  update from onstage in Cleveland.  
 tax-and-spend approach v. Republican leadership. Which would you prefer?   
You should follow my "GovScottWalker" for a great behind-the-scenes look at debate day.  -SW 
A $3 billion deficit inherited on day one and 3 balanced budgets later, Wisconsin continues moving forward.  
🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸     🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸    🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸     🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸   
What comes in red, white and blue, has Walker on it ; is patriotic too? This t-shirt. Get one:  
 and I kicked off the WI State Fair this morning! - SW   
Abraham Lincoln visited the WI State Fair the year before he was elected President. - SW   
This is a cool video about debate rituals:  - SW 
America needs a President who will approve the  pipeline on the very first day in office. 
President could learn a thing or two from Wisconsin’s big and bold reforms.  
Curious to see what Scott Walker's pre  ritual is? Find out here:  
Wanna catch the  live? Here's where you can watch:  
Don't miss out on a full day of behind-the-scenes content from "GovScottWalker." Follow to catch all the action. 
Wisconsin property taxes today are lower than they were 4 years ago. Putting $ back in the hands of the hardworking taxpayers. 
Protecting life is important. Wisconsin now bans abortions after 20 weeks. 
Big, bold reforms in WI took the power from big government special interests ; put it firmly into the hands of hard-working taxpayers.
Property tax rates lower every year in WI: ✔ Put money back in the hands of the hardworking taxpayers: ✔
Since taking office, we've added more than 35,000 new businesses in Wisconsin creating more growth and new opportunities. 
One more day until Scott Walker takes the stage for the first   if you're ready to watch Scott debate! 
 One last debate prep stop at... You guessed it: Kohl's. Mom had 15% off coupon   CC 
Scott Walker posed one question to the rest of the candidates. Here it is:   
* NEW *  bumper sticker now in navy blue. Grab one today:  
Four years ago today under S;P downgraded the US credit rating for the first time EVER. America needs a new leader. – SW
Before tomorrow's  I'm posing one question to the other candidates. - SW  
As president, I would terminate this disastrous  agreement on day one.  - SW
The truth is, the bad deal with  jeopardizes American safety and that of our allies, especially Israel.-SW
 could give 100 speeches attempting to justify his appeasement of the rogue Iranian regime, and it wouldn’t change a thing. -SW
Scott Walker announces 65 member Iowa  leadership team committed to  for Walker: 
America's first  priority needs to be securing the border.  and Sign if you agree:  
 "Scott Walker announces Iowa endorsements" STORY:  
Happy Birthday to my friend Nevada Governor - SW
Stock up on all your favorite Walker for President gear today. STA SHOPPING:   
By saying she stands by Planned Parenthood, proves once again that she's  with everyday Americans. – SW
 is proud to stand with Planned Parenthood. For that she ought to be ashamed. - SW
"Opponents fight, but I win." Scott Walker sits down with  
WALKER: "I want to balance a sustainable environment with a sustainable economy."  
Happy Birthday to my friend 🎂 -SW
Sat down with to share why I believe I can win the Republican nomination:   - SW
Walker responds to questions at  forum in New Hampshire. WATCH:  
Enjoyed watching Scott Walker @ last night's  forum? Watching in a  tee is even better. Grab one 
Last night at  “Scott Walker sold himself as a ‘fresh face with a proven track record.’"  
Wonderful time last night hanging out back stage with these other great candidates  -SW 
Wishing the men and women of the a very happy 225th birthday and huge thank you for your service.  - SW
SPEED READ: New "Scott Walker video touts momentum"  
Big week ahead. Here's a little of what went on last week with Scott Walker.   
Last night on "I can fight and win for America"  WATCH:  
Hillary "would be a pretty good deceiver-in-chief, certainly not someone you can trust to be commander-in-chief" 
  on  “In light of these recent emails, I’d love to point out she’d be a pretty good deceiver-in-chief…
Stopped to grab some good food at - SW  
Always great to be on  Thanks for having me on - SW 
  at  Forum.  Watch the complete  Forum here: 
Wisconsin property taxes today are lower than they were 4 years ago. Putting $ back in the hands of the hardworking taxpayers. 
Wisconsin is now ranked the 12th best state to do business in after being 41st in 2010.   
Everywhere in the world where played a major role is now more messed up than the day she and took office.
Our reforms in Wisconsin have saved taxpayers $3 billion and counting.   
We need a president who will terminate the bad  on day one.  if you agree!   
FACT: Wisconsin’s rainy day fund is 165 times larger since Scott Walker took office.  
Wisconsin's economy is heading in the right direction with 150K new jobs and 35K new businesses created.  
It is time to rein in the out-of-control power and return it firmly to the states.  if you agree.  
Wisconsin is the only state that didn't accept the Obamacare Medicaid expansion ; has no coverage gap.  
Wisconsin's tax credit for manufacturing businesses is producing results.   
Looking forward to being on tonight around 8:30 PM CT.  - SW
Thanks to Joe Kelly for hosting  this morning at Theo's Pizza in Manchester. - SW 
I will stand up for American workers and stop Costly Power Plan. - SW 
The first debate is Thursday. Grab two  posters ; get ready to cheer on Scott.  
Great to see Committeewoman Phyllis Woods in NH today.  - SW
Glad to talk with the lunch crowd at Theo's Pizza in Manchester, NH. - SW  
It's not too late to host a debate watch party for Thursday's debate. Here's how:  
Obama's plan should be called the Costly Power Plan because it will cost hard-working Americans jobs and raise their energy rates. -SW
HOLMES: "Why I Think Scott Walker Would Make a Great Foreign-Policy President"  
New  video out today "Momentum." ReTweet and watch ; 
"Now more than ever, America needs a president who will fight and win for America." WATCH:  
Happy to be back in New Hampshire!  What a beautiful day!!!! - SW 
Scott Walker for President t-shirts are back in stock and shipping daily. Get Yours:   
We fought ; we won. We got results ; we did it while staying true to our principles. We can win against Clinton. -SW 
It's time to defund Planned Parenthood nationwide like we did in Wisconsin. Sign if you agree  
SPEED READ: Catch up on last week with "This Week with   
Organize a debate watch party for Thursday's debate and cheer on Scott. Here's how:  
Help support the campaign and grab an official  baseball cap today. ORDER:  
Big labor boss who called me a national disgrace defending Planned Parenthood. Now that’s disgraceful:  - SW
Not surprising big gov't union bosses are rushing to the defense of Planned Parenthood. I fought both and won:  - SW
"In western Iowa, Scott Walker wants to talk about issues..."  
Signed up to host a  debate watch party yet? There's still time:  
"Americans are tired of hearing candidate[s] say...what they're against. I think they want to know what you're for." 
 Results of  straw poll are in: 3) 2) and our winner with 21.8%
Not following "GovScottWalker" on Then you can't follow Scott behind the scenes.  
Proud of the leaders and members of who are on their way to becoming the next generation of Republican leaders! - SW 
I had a great time in Iowa again yesterday. 16 counties down on my way to 99. Be back soon.  
Wishing my brother David and his wife Maria a very happy anniversary! - SW
Thanks to Sen. Tom Shipley for the great event tonight. Great to see you again. - SW 
Great running into mom at Firehouse Restaurant in Road Oak, IA. - SW  
Cap off another great  week with the Walker for President baseball hat:  
Packed town hall in hometown of Red Oak. Thanks for the great questions.  - SW 
 support of Obama's misguided Cuba policy is further evidence she will be Obama's 3rd term.  - SW
Download what's been going on in  world with "This Week with Walker." READ:  
Just $7 and the perfect size for your bumper, laptop or notebook.   
Here are four things you might have missed this week with Scott Walker  READ:  
Under "wages and benefits grew in the spring at the slowest pace in 33 years" 
Show your  support and change your avatar. Need some help? Click here:  
Planning on watching next week's debate? Why not host a  watch party at your home. DETAILS: 
Spoke with employees at Earl May Distribution Center in Shenandoah, Iowa. Ate lunch at Depot Deli ; Lounge too. - SW 
Here's what went on this week with Scott Walker:   
Grab a friend and a few neighbors and organize a  debate watch party:  
Grab a signed Scott Walker book today and we'll throw in a free bumper sticker SHOP:   
Here is the tie I wore on yesterday. got it on sale at Kohl's. - SW 
Just visited Penn Drug Co. in Fremont County. They're the oldest family-owned drug store in Iowa.  - SW 
Great crowd in Mills County for breakfast this morning at Tom ; Tiff's.  - SW 
My wife helping with local marathon to promote a healthy lifestyle:  - SW 
Happy Birthday to my son Alex!!! 🎂 - SW 
Tehran banning US ; Canada from inspecting  nuclear sites. Another reason we must terminate this bad deal:  -SW
Long night traveling through Minneapolis but worth it! Got to Council Bluffs late and ready for the day in Iowa. - SW 
Getting ready for the first debate next week? Why not host a debate watch party ; cheer on Scott Walker? Details 
The first debate is next week. Host a  debate watch party. Here's how:  
"Voters want to hear what you're for, not who you're against." WATCH:  
Looking forward to being in New Hampshire next Monday for the 2016 Voters First Presidential Forum. - SW 
"We had a budget deficit of $3.6 billion, we fixed that, we cut taxes by $2 billion." VIDEO:  
First debate is next week. Order today to get your  shirt for game night:  
I'm asking you to join me in calling on Congress to  Add your voice:  - SW 
Heard got a $600 haircut. Here are a few of the things you could buy with that.   
Gassing up the  RV. More events in Iowa on Friday! - SW 
Pick up two and save. One for a friend or just to hang up:   
We MUST end this deal with Iran. Add your voice and demand Congress defeat this deal   
Another horrific Planned Parenthood video released yesterday. We need to defund and end taxpayer subsidies:  
"Days before his official announcement...Walker’s digital team convened a conference call" with STORY: 
Before "his announcement, Mr. Walker’s team also rolled out his campaign logo in a nine-day tease on 
"This is the fun part. You get to eat your way around America."  
I signed only 200 of these rally placards from my announcement speech. Make one yours:   - SW 
Looking forward to being back in Iowa Friday for a couple  events. See ya there! - SW
Nice  crowd in York, PA. Good to talk with local press too. - SW
Another sickening video out. Continuing my call to defund Planned Parenthood nationwide like we did in WI. JOIN:  - SW
In today's  fights for special interests; I will fight for your interests."  
Liberal union bosses fought our reforms tooth and nail. Unintimidated by their attacks and protests, we took them on and we won. - SW
My great-great-grandfather Thomas Llewellyn came from Wales to Philadelphia to work as a blacksmith. - SW 
Another disgusting Planned Parenthood video has surfaced. I'm calling on to denounce these heinous acts. - SW
 Great news that CWA is calling to defund Planned Parenthood nationwide. We did it in Wisconsin, now we need to across the country.
Glad I didn't expose WI taxpayers to a state exchange or the Medicaid expansion under ObamaCare:   -SW
Stopped by 2 iconic places in Philly: Geno's Steaks ; Pat's King of Steaks. Yes, I ordered American cheese! -SW 
My record of putting hard-working taxpayers first stands in clear contrast to record. - SW 
The fact that Hillary is shunning everyday Iowans in favor of big-labor bosses sends a clear message about where her true loyalties lie. -SW
READ my op-ed in on courting big union bosses in Iowa instead of actual Iowans. - SW 
Signed, sealed and waiting to be delivered. Get yours:   
We need a president who will actually fix the dysfunction in Washington by taking on the groups contributing to it! 
Morning must read &gt;&gt; "Scott Walker: How I would cut Washington down to size"  
Excited to be heading into PA today!  - SW 
It was nice to have a beer at the Billy Goat. Tonette had an Old Fashioned. Living the high life! - SW
Cool label pin I got tonight from someone who knew I worked at McDonald's as a kid. - SW 
 was IA today wooing special interest labor unions aligned with those that spent millions against me the last 4 years. - SW
Stopped to get a Blizzard at the DQ in Diamond off I-55. - SW  
In Chicago talking about my record of turning WI around - adding jobs, cutting taxes and balancing the budget -SW
Had a double cheeseburger ; a beer at the Billy Goat in Chicago -SW 
 is wooing special interest labor unions behind closed doors, proving again she's out of touch with everyday Americans. - SW
Catch up on last week with Scott Walker. Here are four things you might have missed:   
 avoids answering questions from the press, but gives big government special interests full access.  - SW
Glad to be at Chuck's Harley Davidson in Bloomington, IL. Thx to Sen. Darin LaHood for joining me! - SW  
With the right kind of leader ; strong conservative reforms, we can get America moving forward.  
 I saw all the same status quo opposition in WI. It's not easy but I know you can get it done. - SW 
Majority party in Illinois seems to like the status quo even though has shown a willingness to come to the table. - SW
From what I can see is trying to shake up a system and bring real change. -SW 
 IL has had the same folks in control for a long time. Changing the status quo isn't easy. I certainly know that. -SW 
 campaign is in Illinois today, talking about the reforms that worked next door that can work nationwide.
Voters want a leader who's actually fought and won for hardworking taxpayers and who has a clear record of reforms. 
 on "Preventing child abuse and neglect is a moral and economic imperative" READ:  
Upgrade your Monday morning coffee mug today. GET ONE ;   
If we can get things done in a blue state like Wisconsin, we can do it in Washington, D.C. - SW 
America's frustrated with Ex-Im Bank, lack of Obamacare repeal, Dodd-Frank, Iran deal, etc. We need a leader who can get things done. -SW
Glad to be in the Land of Lincoln today!  March 15th primary will be important. - SW 
Great to see Congressman Davis, Sen. Luechtefeld, Rep. Kay, Mayor McCormick ; other leaders in Godfrey, IL. - SW
Since I took office, Wisconsin now has the 2nd highest health care quality ranking in the country. - SW 
Since I took office, Wisconsin went from an 8.1% unemployment rate to 4.6% - well below the national rate. - SW 
Since I took office, we restored the raid on the state transportation fund by the previous Governor. - SW 
Since I took office we require able-bodied adults to enroll in job training ; be able to pass a drug test before getting a welfare check.-SW
Happy to have former U.S. Sen. Jim Talent ; current Lt. Gov. Peter Kinder campaign with me in Missouri today. - SW
Wonderful church service this morning at Central Presbyterian in Clayton, MO. - SW
Stopped for some ribs in Olivette, MO ; said hello to voters. - SW  
Over 4 years, I was elected Governor 3 times in a state that hasn't gone GOP for President since 1984. - SW 
Since I took office, we made it easy to vote but hard to cheat by requiring a photo ID to vote. - SW 
Since I took office, we passed Right to Work, collective bargaining reforms, ; got rid of seniority and tenure. - SW 
Since I took office, we passed Castle Doctrine and concealed carry to allow people to protect themselves, their families ; property. -SW
Since I took office, we defunded Planned Parenthood ; passed pro-life legislation. - SW 
Since I took office, we cut taxes by $2 billion on income, employers ; property.  Property taxes are lower today than 4 years ago. -SW
Since I took office, high school graduation rates are up, 3rd grade reading scores are up. ACT scores are 2nd best in country. -SW 
Overall bonding in latest WI state budget is at 20 year low. State pension system is only one fully funded in the country. - SW 
Wisconsin's Rainy Day Fund is 165 times bigger than when we took office. - SW 
Since this is our first trip to Missouri as an official candidate for President, I thought I'd give folks an introduction. -SW 
Despite a bit of rain, happy to be in Missouri. March 15th primary will be important! - SW # Walker16
 ; went to Jones County Fair in Iowa today. We love fairs! -SW
 Sorry to miss grabbing some ice cream with you in NH tonight. Important to be at services today. -SW
 Sorry we missed riding motorcycles with you in NH. It was important to be with our Marine family. - SW
Our hearts go out to Jasmine and Wyatt Holmquist. Prayers for the future. - SW 
Thx to everyone coming out for family of Marine Sgt. Carson Holmquist in Grantsburg. It was an honor to meet them. -SW
Just a few hours left to grab a free sticker with your book purchase. Don't miss out   
 and SIGN if you agree it's time to defund Planned Parenthood nationwide. Join me ;  -SW 
Our prayers go out to the families and loved ones involved with the tragedy in Lafayette, Louisiana. - SW
 needs to rise above partisan politics and investigate secret email server. -SW
Catch up with Scott with "This week with Walker" READ:   
Great crew on the U.S. Airways flight into Charlotte. Thanks for being so nice to us in row 33! - SW  
I'm calling on Congress to defund Planned Parenthood nationwide.  and SIGN if you're with me:  -SW
We must stop this bad  deal. It's reckless and irresponsible. End the deal today: 
Been busy this week? Here are 4 things you might have missed on the  campaign trail  
  First Lady charms room at  Iron Lady Reception. Her husband's a lucky man! 
From now until midnight, buy a book and get a free bumper sticker. Make it yours;   
Update your avatar and show that you're supporting Walker for President.  
New Scott Walker for President items have hit the store. Start Shopping &gt;&gt;   
Met a group of Scouts at the airport who are going to the World Jamboree.- SW  
I've cancelled the  NC and NH stops to be back in Wisconsin for Sgt. Holmquist's funeral Saturday. - SW
Anthony Livoti was at Boys Nation with me in Bob Turner's section. It was great to see him in SC last week  -SW 
Hot off the press ** Signed ** Scott Walker books. Hurry before they run out:  
We must defund Planned Parenthood nationwide like we did here in Wisconsin. SIGN if you agree  
I defunded Planned Parenthood in my first budget. We need to defund it nationwide. SIGN:  -SW 
Grab one (or two) of the new Scott Walker for President rally cards today  BUY:  
Tell Congress stop this disastrous  deal today. Obama's deal is both reckless and irresponsible. Add your voice: 
Signed Scott Walker books are in stock. Grab one today:   
"Most mornings when I'm working out, I usually use [Van Halen's] Panama to pump me up a little bit running." 
Happy Birthday to my friend Iowa House Majority Leader Linda Upmeyer! Good to see you this morning. -SW
Thx to the standing-room-only crowd that listened to our comments at   - SW  
Nice to see the USS Ronald Reagan when I was working out this am. -SW 
My friend Vietnam veteran Bob Turner is finishing up his last year at Boys Nation. He was my counselor in 1985. -SW 
Hey why not take a break from the big apple and come on a road trip with me aboard the  Winnebago? - SW
Obama Admin admits to hiding parts of  from Congress. An affront to Americans and allies like Israel  -SW
Behind the scenes piece from "Outside with Insiders: Shooting with Scott Walker" WATCH: 
Tell Congress: It's time to defund Planned Parenthood.  and Sign if you agree:  
Now in the Walker for President store:  rally cards. Gear up ;  
Walker's reforms have turned Wisconsin around. America needs a conservative leader committed to big reforms  
This story does a good job of explaining my distrust for Iran:  - SW 
Another day of travels. This time in seat 11F. - SW  
New items hitting the  store TODAY. Gear up for a rally near you:  
In WI, we defunded Planned Parenthood. The disgusting videos that won't condemn show we made the right decision. - SW
SIGN and send a message that we won’t tolerate disturbing Planned Parenthood tactics. Add your name: 
Amid all of Obama’s dangerous concessions to  in the nuclear deal, he's also failed to get our fellow Americans back home. -SW
Today, Iran’s rulers see our sitting president as weak, much like they saw President Carter. - SW 
 held my friend Kevin Hermening hostage after they stormed the US embassy in '79. They saw Carter as weak ; held Kevin for 444 days.-SW
I recently meet the Hekmati family ; heard about Amir's torture. I'll continue to speak up about his case and the other hostages in Iran.-SW
Stopped in for breakfast at Puckett's in Nashville. Mmmmm good! - SW  
1 year ago, Iran arrested WAPO's Jason Rezaian, sent him to Tehran’s notorious Evin prison ; brought bogus espionage charges against him.-SW
Repugnant Planned Parenthood videos prove we were right to defund them in WI.  ; Sign if you agree:  -SW
Under Walker, Wisconsin's median household income + 2.7% - Under Obama: - 1.3%.  if you prefer  
 attacks me for protecting life after 5 months, but won’t condemn disgusting Planned Parenthood videos. -SW
It's time to repeal  These regulations haven't solved the problem. Let's work for small businesses ; help the US economy grow.-SW
Faith "defines who I am and it plays a role in every part of my life."  
"I wanted it to come from me and got rid of the podium, got rid of notes, got rid of a Teleprompter."  
 and latest dispatch from the road: "Ready for the Long Haul" READ:  
6983 miles later  week 1 is a wrap.  Week two starts today in Nashville. 
 "Thanks to a fiscal policy of reducing tax ; regulatory burdens ... Wisconsin now outperforms many of its neighbors." h…
With your morning coffee "How workers are winning in Scott Walker's Wisconsin"  
Add something new to your morning routine with a  coffee mug. BUY:  
Drinking a Summer Shandy by the fire pit with the family. - SW 
Hillary shows she's out of touch with the majority of Americans who believe babies at 5 months deserve life. -SW 
 caves, circumvents American people, fails to protect the right of Congress to vote on  before the UN does. - SW
Now in stock: the official  baseball cap. Pick one up today:  
Much like with Iran, desperation for a deal has led to give up much in exchange for almost nothing. - SW 
Join the  team:  and change your avatar to show it. 
A President who believes in American leadership would use our leverage to advance US interests ; gain greater freedoms for Cubans. -SW
The president has handed Cuba a financial lifeline that will sustain the Castro regime and its oppression for decades to come. -SW
Front page of the today. The  tour will be back again soon!  
Linda from Cedar Rapids: "I believe him. I believe that if he draws a red line, you better not cross it."  
Start your week off right. Grab some official  gear today ;  
Just wrapped up 7 days in 6 different states. Heading to Nashville tomorrow. See ya on the road.  - SW
Dispatches from the Road by and  "Another Day in the  Winnebago"
America needs a leader who has a track record of fighting and winning for hardworking taxpayers.  
Just signed pain capable bill into law to protect unborn at 5 months when they can feel pain.- SW 
"In Iowa, Walker aims for broad appeal"   
In 1985, spoke at Boys Nation when I was there. He was introduced as a former POW ; American Hero. -SW 
Happy National Ice Cream Day!  Reagan 1st declared it in 1984. We stopped at DQ in Dubuque to get some. -SW 
Wonderful  stop at Giese Manufacturing in Dubuque, IA. - SW 
Checking out the Dietz Farm. -SW  
Flashback: Great grandparents, David, me, Nana ; Dad at Country Kitchen in Dubuque, Iowa in 1970s. -SW 
Saw my 3rd grade teacher Betty Balsley ; her husband Larry in Plainfield. -SW  
What a thrill to come back to Plainfield to the Dietz Farm ; see so many great friends. -SW 
Happy to be with State Rep. Pat Grassley in Cedar Falls! -SW
If you're ready for this kind of leader, ReTweet and join Scott on Team  here:  
Here's a quick recap of 4 things you might have missed from this week with Walker.   
Show your support for  by grabbing a bumper sticker today! SHOP:  
"WALKER:  I'd toss  deal on Day 1" as President via   
Great  tour week through 6 states. Just grabbed a quick workout before church. Getting my steps in 
Great night in Haverhill, IA. Thanks to everyone for coming out.  -SW 
Scott Walker will be on tomorrow AM discussing the bad  deal and the big  announcement week. Tune in.
Glad to be on campus at Iowa State for Family Leader Summit.  -SW 
 Tomorrow on and talk Iran and more, plus ; defend the deal --
 Note to Twitter, addressed Planned Parenthood the day the news broke  
Would you head over and follow my wife She's almost at 1K followers. -SW
Welcome to the Hall of Fame Brett. Well deserved.  - SW
Grab a  coffee mug today. You'll have it before next week's Sunday paper. BUY:  
Tour goes through the dealership in Carroll, Iowa. Thanks for coming out. - SW  
 week in photos: packed rooms and overflow crowds. 
 "Walker's up six points since he officially kicked off his campaign"  
Didn't get to attend Monday's  announcement speech? Here are 13 awesome pics from the event: 
 The Road to 99 Counties 
The  Iowa tour continues. Grab a free ticket to see Scott!  
Thanks to the crowd in Sioux City for coming out to see us! -SW  
 is an American hero, period. I’ll denounce any attack against his service and anyone else who wears the uniform. -SW
Here are four things that you don't wanna miss from Scott Walker's week:   
Just told a crowd in Sioux City: is an American hero
Another overflow crowd at Hy-Vee in Council Bluffs (yes, we grabbed some food too) -sw 
My brother David ; his family are joining us today. Here's a photo in the 1970s when we bought a state flag -sw 
Waking up for day two in Iowa - come join us in Council Bluffs, Sioux City, Carroll, Ames, Haverhill today!  -sw
 What a welcome -&gt; Iowa ❤️'s 
Todd Ricketts, Tonette and I having a beer on the Winnebago after a great day in Iowa. More tomorrow!  -SW 
Thanks to everyone who came out in the HOT weather in Urbandale! -SW  
The United States cannot allow Putin’s regime to go unpunished for this criminal act.  - SW 
The tragedy of  wouldn’t have happened had Russia not invaded Ukraine a year and a half ago. SW 
1 yr ago, 298 civilians on  were murdered, shot out of the sky by a Russian missile fired from territory Putin illegally occupied. -SW
Thanks to standing room only crowd for town hall meeting in Cedar Rapids! -SW  
Awesome crowd at Modern Woodmen Park in Davenport.  
My heart goes out to the family of the marine who was a WI native ; all the families who lost loved ones to such a horrific act. -SW
 on  “tech, data ; digital are suffused throughout everything the organization does.” 
Been busy during the week? Here's four things you don't wanna miss from   
Coffee mug? Baseball cap? Red, white ; blue t-shrits? Take your pick, or grab one of each:  
We should defund Planned Parenthood across the country.  if you stand with me. -SW 
Supporting Scott Walker for President? Update your social media avatar to show it:   
Governor Walker on with last night discussing the tragic shooting in Chattanooga WATCH:  
"When I first became governor of the State of Wisconsin, in my first budget I defunded Planned Parenthood." WATCH: 
The  Winnebago Iowa bus tour is already underway. Head over to to see what you've already missed. 
There's still time to pick up tickets for  Iowa events. Grab a free one now:  
Introducing  Chief Technology Officer: 
Doris gave me her 30% off coupon from at our last  stop in New Hampshire. -SW 
Got a great t-shirt at Seacoast in NH. I'll wear it next weekend when I'm back. - SW 
Next up for the  announcement tour, a 3 day bus tour through Iowa. See ya soon! - SW
 great being on the  again. See ya again soon. -SW 
Scott Walker meeting 8-month-old patriot-in-training Reagan at Las Vegas’ Red Rocks rally.  
I'm heading on at 8:30 PM CT tonight talking about the great  campaign rollout week. -SW
Here is a great video from on my days working  - SW
 Introducing at Seacoast Harley. Great speech, huge crowd.  
Thx to everyone who came out to Seacoast in North Hampton, NH. See you next weekend. -SW 
Our prayers are with the families of the 4 Marines killed in TN ; for the officer who is down. -SW
 rally overflows Joey's Diner in N.H. Meanwhile on the campaign trail... 
Scott Walker "is running on his record in Wisconsin."   
Great stop at Joey's Diner in New Hampshire. It was so packed we had to hold a rally outside too. -SW  
Almost time for my townhall event. Get your questions ready New Hampshire! - SW 
The Scott Walker for President campaign store is open. Take ten. Grab a t-shirt ;   
"If he can do what he did as the 45th governor of Wisconsin he can do it as the 45th President of the US."  
Good morning! Your new favorite mug is in stock. Now make it yours SHOP:   
 going to UN before US Congress to approve bad  deal. He can't make the case to the American people ; he knows it. -SW
Boots, BBQ and a  rally from the back of a pickup truck. Another great day on the road. 
Tip your hat to Scott Walker and pick up the  baseball cap at the official store:  
Next stop, New Hampshire! Grab a ticket to tomorrow's  events here:  
Next stop, the Granite State. Looking forward to continuing the  tour in New Hampshire tomorrow! - SW
13 moments you might have missed during Scott Walker's announcement told through photos:  
Just wrapped up three great events in South Carolina. Had an amazing time. Can’t wait to be back.  -SW 
Scott Walker announces he's running for President of the United States told in 13 photos:  
Back in Greenville Co - this time at Mutt's BBQ. We had a huge overflow crowd outside too! -SW  
What a great crowd at Hudson's Smokehouse in Lexington, SC. Pulled pork sandwich was amazing!!!! -SW 
With Scott Walker, you know you're supporting a candidate who actually stands for something.  
Say cheese!  
"A little before 3AM, we left Atlanta ; drove here because we didn't want to let you down."  
Proudly made in the United States. Grab an official Scott Walker for President mug today.  
By endorsing the  has betrayed Israel and its supporters:  - SW
My head hasn't been on a pillow in 30 hours. This really is around the clock campaigning. Crowds still pump us up. -SW
Wow. What a great crowd for an 8 am event!  Thanks to Low Country Harley-Davidson for letting us come by. -SW 
 Tune In! will be joining us in just a few minutes.
Just got done in Charleston. Looking forward to talking with in a few minutes. Tune in! - SW
Sitting in traffic on I-26 but looking forward to being there soon - looks like a good crowd!  - SW 
Interesting night: flight into Atlanta diverted to Memphis because of storms. Missed flight to Charleston. Couple hours out. 
Just stopped in Aiken, SC on the way to Charleston. Late night with travel issues but we are going to make it!  - SW
Thanks to Nevada AG for introducing us today at the Red Rock dealership in Las Vegas! -SW 
Looking forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow. - SW 
I’ll terminate this bad  reimpose crippling sanctions, and work w/ allies to roll back Iran’s destructive regional influence-SW
 would lift arms ban on a regime that backs Hezbollah, Hamas, Houthi rebels in Yemen, Shiite militias in Iraq, ; Assad in Syria-SW
 threatens US safety and exemplifies Obama-Clinton foreign policy: reward our enemies and undermine our true friends like Israel-SW
Ordered a  t-shirt yesterday? They're on their way. Haven't grabbed one yet? BUY ;  
Thanks to everyone who came out in Las Vegas!!! What a crowd. - SW  
Why you should follow "GovScottWalker" on especially during his 6 state announcement tour:  
Susana, wishing you the best on your birthday today. - SW
Follow Scott Walker's  presidential announcement tour this week on 
Why I'm running for President of the United States. READ:  - SW
Hey Nevada! Just got off the plane. Can't wait to share my vision for restoring conservative leadership to the -SW 
To ensure the safety of America ; our allies the next president must restore bipartisan ; int'l opposition to  nuclear program. -SW
"We used to tie ribbons around our tree...during the 444 days that  held 52 Americans hostage." 
One of those 52 American "hostages was Kevin Hermening. Kevin knows  is not a place to do business with." 
I call on all congressional leaders and presidential candidates, including to repudiate this bad  deal. - SW
Instead of making the world safer, this  deal will likely lead to a nuclear arms race in the world’s most dangerous region. -SW
  deal gives Iran’s nuclear weapons capability an American stamp of approval. - SW
 nuclear agreement with  will be remembered as one of America's worst diplomatic failures. - SW
Expo Center was so hot I went into the cooler ; sat on a keg of Miller Lite! -SW  
Thanks for having me on again tonight Sean.  - SW
Don't wait, grab one of the  t-shirts today before they all sell out.  
I'm heading on with tonight at 9PM to talk about my vision for restoring conservative leadership to the -SW
Get behind Scott. ReTweet, show your support and create an account.   
Scott Walker just announced that he's running for President of the United States!  
Governor Walker walking on stage to meet his family and supporters.  
I'll be seeing you all soon. -SW 
Just about an hour before the big announcement. Grab something from the store while you wait:  
The arena is already jam packed! The crowd is getting ready for Scott.  
Call all  gals! is running for president and needs you on the team. Get the official gear. 
Designed with our lady patriots in mind. Support and get your official t-shirt! 
Caps off to you for joining Team Walker. Now get your official Scott Walker for President hat! 
You’ve joined the team, now get the official Scott Walker for President campaign shirt. 
 Excited to see Scott Walker enter the race today for President.  I  
I'm in. I'm running for President. I need your support. Are you with me?  -SW 
Changed your avatar yet to show you're supporting Scott Walker yet? Download it here:  
 Meet Scott Walker, our Dad. 
The  campaign begins today.  if you're ready for Walker. Signup @  to join the team 
The  campaign begins today.  if you're ready for Walker. Signup @  to join the team. 
"Today our Dad's announcing his candidacy for President. If you ask him why, he’ll say the same as he always has, 'Matt and Alex.'"
 Meet our Dad, -&gt;  via
"A few years ago our parents dressed up as Luke Skywalker and Yoda...our Dad was a fanatic." - Matt ; Alex 
 thinks you grow the economy in Washington. I think the American people grow the economy in cities ; towns across the US.-SW
We took power out of the hands of the big government special interests and put it firmly into the hands of the hard-working taxpayers. -SW
Supporting Scott Walker?! Change your avatar by downloading here:   
Want to catch Scott Walker at one of his campaign stops this week. Here's how:   
Interested in seeing Scott Walker this week? Here are the stops. Grab a ticket at   
Seven hours until Scott Walker takes the stage. Are you ready for  
T-Shirts are stocked in your three favorite colors: red, white and blue. Buy now ;   
I'm running for President and I need you on my team. Join team  today. -SW 
The Scott Walker for President store is now officially open. Get your official  gear  
Show your support for Scott Walker by updating your Twitter avatar. Download here &gt;&gt;   
"Meet Scott Walker, Our Dad" via and  
I'm running for President of the United States to fight and win for the American people. -SW  
I'm in. I'm running for president because Americans deserve a leader who will fight and win for them. - SW  
My nieces are with me as we look at the stage for tomorrow night!  - SKW 
Signed state budget that lowers property taxes for 5th ; 6th year in a row. Freezes tuition. Expands school choice. -SKW
